Peckham was born in Albany, New York, to Rufus Wheeler Peckham and Isabella Adeline; his mother died when he was only nine. Following his graduation from The Albany Academy, he followed in his father's footsteps as a lawyer, being admitted to the bar in Albany in 1859 after teaching himself law by studying in his father's office. After a decade of private practice, Peckham served as the Albany district attorney from 1869 from 1872. Peckham then returned to private legal practice and served as counsel to the City of Albany, until being elected as a trial judge on the New York Supreme Court in 1883. In 1886, Peckham was elected to the New York Court of Appeals, the highest court in the state. This was the third position that Peckham had held after his father, who had also served as the Albany D.A., on the New York Supreme Court, and finally on the Court of Appeals until his death in the 1873 Ville du Havre sinking.
Leonard White attended the Mowry and Goff School and was tutored by Dr. Joshua Mason Macomber of the Uxbridge Academy.Uxbridge He completed his education at Harvard Medical School. He practiced as a generalist, a country doctor, in Uxbridge Massachusetts. He served as chairman of the Board of Health in Uxbridge.
North Callahan (August 7, 1908 -- December 28, 2004) was an American historian and scholar. Born in Sweetwater, Tennessee, he was educated at the Tennessee Military Institute and the University of Chattanooga, where he graduated cum laude in 1930. He later earned a master's degree from Columbia University and a Ph.D. from New York University. He authored numerous articles and 17 books, and some of those have received various awards. In 1964, Callahan was awarded an honorary doctorate from his alma mater, the University of Chattanooga. While working as a correspondent for The Dallas Morning News, he wrote a syndicated column, and also served in the U.S. Army where he was eventually promoted to the rank of lieutenant colonel.
Tanaka's love of nature and concern for the environment has influenced many of her works, including Questions of Nature, Frozen Horizon, Water and Stone, Dreamscape, Ocean, Tales of Trees, Water Dance, Crystalline series, and Children of Light. Her works have been performed by distinguished ensembles and orchestras worldwide, including the BBC Symphony Orchestra, Los Angeles Philharmonic, Berkeley Symphony Orchestra, NHK Symphony Orchestra in Tokyo and Orchestre Philharmonique de Radio France. Various dance companies, including the Nederlands Dans Theater, have also featured her music. She taught composition at the University of California, Santa Barbara, and the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor. Karen Tanaka currently lives in Los Angeles and teaches composition at California Institute of the Arts.
Timothy Wu resides in San Francisco, California. He attended the Singapore American School, an international school in Singapore. Wu graduated Summa Cum Laude from Princeton University in 1984 with a B.A in Political Science and graduated cum laude from Harvard Law School in 1992. In 1997 his former partner, James Hormel, was appointed by President Clinton to serve as the US ambassador to Luxembourg, the first openly gay United States envoy. Wu held the bible as Hormel was sworn in June 1999.
John Tyson is a United States businessman, the grandson of Tyson Foods founder John W. Tyson, and the son of business guru and ex-Tyson CEO Don Tyson. John was the CEO of Tyson Foods from 1999-2006 and is currently chairman. He graduated from Southern Methodist University, Dallas, TX.
Joel Gilbert is a graduate of the University of London where he studied at the School of Oriental and African Studies and the London School of Economics (BA 1986). He was a student of Islamic studies under Middle East experts, Professors Eli Kedouri and P.J. Vatikiotis. Gilbert has an MBA degree from George Washington University in Washington D.C. (1991). Gilbert is a contributing editor for the popular national security and foreign policy website familysecuritymatters.org, and appears as a regular foreign policy consultant on national radio and TV shows, including The Jerry Doyle Show and The Michael Reagan Show.
Marilyn Horowitz was born and raised in New York City. Horowitz's love affair with film began when she was 8 years old. Her father, a General Counsel for Columbia Pictures, would often bring home movies. But it was Jimmy Stewart's ``Mr. Smith Goes To Washington,'' that would pique Horowitz's interest in understanding how to develop good characters and make a difference through storytelling. Horowitz received a B.A. from NYU's Tisch School of the Arts, and later went on to make a short film ``Night Hawks At the Diner,'' which was screened on Showtime.
Mike Super started doing magic at the age of six. He became interested in magic when he visited a magic shop in Walt Disney World. He saw an old man performing tricks and became fascinated. He idolizes Walt Disney, Harry Houdini, David Copperfield, and Doug Henning. He has performed magic to put himself through the University of Pittsburgh, which he majored in Computer Science.
He was born in Geneva to a French father, scholar Isaac Casaubon; he was named for his godfather Meric de Vic. After education in Sedan, at an early age he joined his father in England, and completed his education at Eton College and Christ Church, Oxford (B.A. 1618; M.A. 1621; D.D. 1636).
I Thirumali did his M.A. in history at Osmania University, M.Phil on Agrarian Relations of Telangana and Ph.D. on Telangana Peasant Movement, both from Centre for Historical Studies, Jawaharlal Nehru University.
Maureen Francisco was born into poverty near Manila, Philippines and lived in a small home with 15 relatives. She moved to the United States with her family at the age of 5. She attended Pacific Lutheran University and received a bachelor's degree in Journalism in 1999.
Peter Mant MacIntyre Kemp (born Bombay 19 August 1913 - died London 30 October 1993), known as Peter Kemp, was an English soldier and writer. The son of a judge in British India, Kemp was educated at Wellington School and proceeded to Trinity College, Cambridge where he studied classics and law. He became notable for his participation in the Spanish Civil War and during World War II as a member of the Special Operations Executive.
Thomas Carothers is one of the most noted international experts on international democracy support, democratization, and U.S. foreign policy. He serves as vice president for studies at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, where he founded and currently directs the Democracy and Rule of Law Program. He has also taught at several universities in the United States and Europe, including Central European University, the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, and Nuffield College, Oxford, where he is a senior research fellow.
Mark Nicolson was born in Galesburg, Illinois and grew up in Peoria, Illinois, where he attended Bradley University. He subsequently studied at University of North Texas College of Music and Indiana University, where he studied with bel-canto soprano, Virginia Zeani and bass, Nicola Rossi-Lemeni. He later studied with tenor legends Franco Corelli and James King. In New York, he won the Liederkranz Competition, received a Citation of Excellence from the Birgit Nilsson Prize Competition, won five study grants from the New York Wagner Society, and received a fellowship from Jerome Hines Opera-Music Theatre Institute. He is currently on the voice faculty of New Jersey City University.
Tao Yang (born 1970) is a computer scientist. He attended Tongji University, where he received his Bachelor's degree in 1990 and his Master's degree in 1993. He has invented fuzzy cellular neural networks (FCNN) in 1995,computational verb in 1997, chaotic digital CDMA (with Leon O. Chua) in 1997, computational verb theory in 2001, physical linguistics in 2002, and the theory of the Unicogse in 2004.
Heston Blumenthal attended the John Hampden Grammar School, High Wycombe and Latymer Upper School, London. Apart from a week's work experience in Raymond Blanc's kitchen and a short time in Marco Pierre White's, he is self-taught. According to an interview with The Observer in 2004, he has been cooking ``seriously'' since the mid-1990s. In that year he sold his share in Riverside Brasserie to colleague Garrey Dawson, having two years earlier invested in the nearby Riverside Brasserie with former Arsenal FC footballer Lee Dixon and Alfie Hitchcock.
Cengiz Topel was schooled in Bandırma and Gönen of Balıkesir Province. He finished the primary and the secondary school in Kadıköy, İstanbul, where his family moved following his father's death. After a brief time at Haydarpaşa High School, he entered Kuleli Military High School, from which he graduated in 1953. Cengiz Topel joined the Army in 1955 in the rank of a Second Lieutenant following his education at the Turkish Military Academy.
Arthur Stanley Pease was born in his grandfather's Somers, Connecticut parsonage. He was the son of Theodore Claudius Pease, briefly a professor at Andover Theological Seminary before his sudden death, and his wife Abbey Francis Culter Pease. Pease was educated at Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts and while living there he acquainted himself with the plants growing in the towns of Essex County. Pease said of his early life: I will confess that I am by nature a collector, that I began with marbles and horse chestnuts, advanced to postage stamps, continued with botany and books, and at all times have gathered facts and occasional ideas.
Carl Epting Mundy, Jr. was born on July 16, 1935 in Atlanta, Georgia. His family moved frequently when he was a young child, settling in Waynesville, North Carolina when Mundy was about 10 years old. He graduated from Sidney Lanier High School in Montgomery, Alabama. At age 18, he enlisted in the Marine Corps Reserve.
Jesse McNally is a Sunnydale High student played by Eric Balfour. In ``Welcome to the Hellmouth'', Jesse is seen as a close friend of Xander Harris and Willow Rosenberg, and a ``potential friend'' of Buffy Summers. During ``Welcome to the Hellmouth'' and ``The Harvest'', Jesse is captured by Darla and Luke, sired, and used as bait to lure Buffy to her death. He is staked in ``The Harvest'' by Xander. Joss Whedon states in the ``Welcome to the Hellmouth'' DVD commentary that he had always wanted to kill a character listed as a regular in one of their first appearances. He considered listing Eric Balfour in the two-part pilot as a regular, only to surprise the audience by killing him off. Financial restrictions did not allow for this.
Elaine Shaffer was born in Altoona, Pennsylvania. She attended the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia and was the prize student of William Kincaid, the 'grandfather' of the majority of flutists in the United States. That he willed his platinum flute to her makes his regard for her talent evident. Kincaid was her only formal flute teacher; prior to that, she was entirely self-taught, according to an interview with her husband, Efrem Kurtz, published in the National Flute Association Newsletter in the 1980s.
Dr. Lawrence J. Fogel (March 2, 1928 - February 18, 2007), was a pioneer in evolutionary computation and human factors analysis. He is known as the father of evolutionary programming. Born in Brooklyn, New York, he earned his B.E.E. from New York University in 1948, M.S. from Rutgers University in 1952 and Ph.D. from University of California, Los Angeles in 1964, and died in San Diego, California.
Edwards was born in West Chiltington, West Sussex. She studied at the Royal Northern College of Music and later with the conductors Sir Charles Groves, Ilya Musin and Neeme Järvi. She won first prize in the 1984 Leeds International Conducting Competition, on the strength of which she was engaged for concerts with a number of British orchestras.
Thomas Albert attended the public schools of Lebanon, Pennsylvania and Wilson, North Carolina. In 1970, he received the degree A.B. (Magna Cum Laude) from Atlantic Christian College (now Barton College), where he studied composition with William Duckworth. He received the M.Mus. (1972) and D.M.A. (1974) in composition from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, studying with Paul Martin Zonn and Ben Johnston.
Deborah Sengl (born 2 January 1974 in Vienna, Austria) is an Austrian painter and artist. She attended the University of Applied Arts Vienna and received a diploma in 1997. Sengl is the daughter of the painter Peter Sengl and the artist Susanne Lacombe.
On April 20, 2009, the bodies of four people were found by staff at a Sheraton hotel in Towson, Maryland. Police were called. The bodies were identified to be those of William Parente, 59, of Garden City, Long Island, his wife Betty Mazzarella Parente (born February 6, 1951), and their daughters Stephanie, 19, and Catherine, 11. Stephanie was a student at Loyola College. The cause of death was found to be asphyxiation. It was later found that Parente had purchased a knife after killing his family.
Born in Philadelphia, Julian Abele attended the Quaker-run Institute for Colored Youth, which later became Cheyney University, where he excelled in mathematics and was chosen to deliver the commencement address. In 1898, he completed a two-year architectural drawing course at the Pennsylvania Museum School of Industrial Art (PMSIA). Following PMSIA, Abele became the first black architecture graduate of the University of Pennsylvania's Department of Architecture in 1902.
Gerald Clarke was born in Hemet, California in 1967 to Carol and Gerald Clarke, Sr., his father being born Cahuilla. At the age of 3 his parents divorced and he moved with his siblings and mother to Orange County, and on the weekends he would return to the reservation to spend time with his father. At age 16, he moved to Arkansas with his mother and sister. He attended Ozarka College, where he majored in welding, electrical maintenance, and hydraulics; three necessary components to the artworks Clarke would create as a full time artist.
McCallum was born in Paisley the son of John McCallum who was originally from Kintyre and was a partner in a firm of dyers. McCallum attended Allan Glen's School in Glasgow to pursue studies in chemistry. In 1875, he married Miss Oates the daughter of a Grimsby Justice of the Peace. He lived in Paisley all his life.
Joseph W. Esherick (Chinese name: , born 1942) is Professor of modern Chinese history at University of California, San Diego. He is the holder of the Hwei-chih and Julia Hsiu Chair in Chinese Studies. Esherick is a graduate of Harvard College (1964, summa cum laude). He received his Ph.D. from University of California, Berkeley (1971), under the supervision of Joseph R. Levenson and Frederic Wakeman.
Prior to playing football professionally, Joe played college football at Boston College University. While at BC, he was elected captain of the 1924 Eagle football team. In 1971, Joe was inducted into the Boston College Varsity Club Athletic Hall of Fame.
Gheorghe Ghimpu completed his studies at T. G. Shevchenko University in Tiraspol. Then he obtained his PhD at the Institute of Biological Physics, Academy of Sciences of the USSR in Moscow. Gheorghe Ghimpu was a teacher in Străşeni and a professor at T. G. Shevchenko University in Tiraspol and the Moldova State University in Chişinău.
Cecil was the son of Robert Cecil, 1st Earl of Salisbury and Elizabeth (née Brooke), the daughter of William Brooke, 10th Baron Cobham. He was born in Westminster on 28 March 1591 and baptized in St Clement Danes on 11 April. William's mother died when he was six years old, and he was subsequently raised by his aunt, Lady Frances Stourton. He was educated at Sherborne School and at St John's College, Cambridge, where he started his terms in 1602, at age eleven. James I raised Cecil's father to the Peerage of England, creating him Baron Cecil in 1603; Viscount Cranborne in 1604; and Earl of Salisbury in 1605. As a result, in 1605, William received the courtesy title of Viscount Cranborne. In 1608, aged 17, Cranborne's father sent him to France, but quickly recalled him to England to marry Catherine, the daughter of Thomas Howard, 1st Earl of Suffolk in December 1608. His father was determined that Cranborne should spend two years living abroad, and instructed him to return to France following his marriage. However, in mid-1610, James I determined to have his son Henry installed as Prince of Wales and Salisbury (who was currently serving as Lord High Treasurer) instructed his son to return for the ceremony: Cranborne subsequently held the king's train for the ceremony. Following this ceremony, Cranborne returned to Europe, this time to Italy, travelling first to Venice, then to Padua. At Padua, he fell ill, and returned to England resolving never to go abroad again.
Harold Laski was born in Manchester on 30 June 1893 to Nathan Laski and Sarah Laski (née Frankenstein). Nathan Laski was a Jewish cotton merchant and a member of the Liberal Party. His elder brother was Neville Laski. A cousin was the author and publisher Anthony Blond. Harold did his schooling at the Manchester Grammar School. In 1911, he studied Eugenics under Karl Pearson for six months. The same year he met and married Frida Kerry, a lecturer of Eugenics. His marriage to Frida, a gentile and eight years his senior antagonized his family. He also repudiated his faith in Judaism, claiming that Reason prevented him from believing in God. In 1914, he obtained an undergraduate degree in History from New College, Oxford. He was awarded the Beit memorial prize during his time at New College. He failed his medical eligibility tests and thus missed fighting in World War I. After graduation he worked briefly at the Daily Herald under George Lansbury. His daughter Diana was born in 1916.
Max Lewandowsky (June 28, 1876 - April 4, 1916) was a German neurologist, who was a native of Berlin. He studied medicine at the University of Marburg, Berlin and Halle, and earned his doctorate in 1904. Since 1905 he worked in Berlin-Friedrichshain hospital. His co-workers were Korbinian Brodmann, Cecile Vogt, Oskar Vogt, Max Bielschowsky. Since 1910 he edited, together with Alois Alzheimer, Zeitschrift für die gesamte Neurologie und Psychiatrie. He wrote also handbook of neurology, ``Handbuch der Neurologie''. During the I World War he became infected with typhus and died.
Mark Hopley (born 1 May 1984 in Crewe, England) is a rugby union player for Northampton Saints in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a flanker and started his playing career at Whitchurch Rugby Club in Shropshire. Like his fellow Northampton team mate Ben Foden, he was educated at Bishop Heber High School in Malpas, Cheshire.
In 1960 he attended Guildhall School of Music and Drama, London and began his acting career in one of Britain's first live television soap operas, 'Home Tonight' with David Hemmings. For the next eleven years he worked extensively on radio and television and in provincial repertory theatre including a year with Ian McKellen's Hamlet. In 1972, in a change of direction, he worked as a continuity announcer for Southern Television. Prebble then joined Capital Radio, the first legal commercial music station in Britain, where he hosted a daily news magazine programme London's Day. He then embarked on a freelance career as a presenter and voice-over announcer, including thirteen years as the promo voice of Thames Television, and from 1984 he was the announcer for the British version of the phenomenally successful game show 'The Price Is Right' with Leslie Crowther.
During the production of THX 1138 (1971), producer Francis Ford Coppola challenged co-writer/director George Lucas to write a script that would appeal to mainstream audiences. Lucas embraced the idea, using his early 1960s teenage experiences cruising in Modesto, California. ``Cruising was gone, and I felt compelled to document the whole experience and what my generation used as a way of meeting girls,'' Lucas explained. As he developed the story in his mind, Lucas included his fascination with Wolfman Jack. Lucas had considered doing a documentary about The Wolfman when he attended the USC School of Cinematic Arts, but dropped the idea.
Gemma Chan was born in London, England on 29 November 1982 but was brought up in Kent in South East England. She attended Newstead Wood School for Girls. Her mother is of Scottish-Chinese heritage and her father grew up in Hong Kong. She went on to study law at the constituent University of Oxford college Worcester College. When she graduated, she was offered a job with a leading law firm. Instead, she decided to pursue an acting career, and wound up at the prestigious and notoriously tough Drama Centre London where such actors as Paul Bettany, Anne-Marie Duff, Colin Firth and Pierce Brosnan trained. Spotted at her showcase by British film producer Damian Jones (The History Boys, Kidulthood, Welcome to Sarajevo), she then signed to acting agent Nicki van Gelder, who has guided the careers of Samantha Morton and Helena Bonham Carter.
Wojciech Rychlik is a biologist and photographer, born in Poland and living in the USA since 1980. Rychlik received his Ph.D. in 1980 from the Polish Academy of Sciences. Currently, he is a president of Molecular Biology Insights, Inc. located in Cascade, Colorado.
He was born at ``De la Brooke Manor,'' in St. Mary's County, Maryland on March 11, 1785, the son of William Thomas and Catherine Boarman. He entered St. John's College with the class of 1800, but he did not graduate. He graduated from Charlotte Hall Military Academy in 1804. He studied medicine in Philadelphia and receiving his doctor's degree there in 1807. In 1808, he married his cousin, Elizabeth Coates.
The son of the Rev. William Parr Greswell, he was born at Denton near Manchester, on 3 August 1797. He was educated by his father and at Manchester Grammar School. He matriculated at Brasenose College, Oxford, on 5 April 1815, and was elected scholar in the same year. Early in 1816 he obtained the Lancashire scholarship at Corpus Christi College and graduated B.A. in 1819, M.A. in 1822, and B.D. in 1830.
John C. Lodge was born in Detroit on August 12, 1862 to Dr. Edwin A. Lodge and Christiana Lodge (née Hanson). He attended the Michigan Military Academy in 1881. He worked as a reporter and city editor for the Detroit Free Press from 1889-1896. In 1897 he entered the lumber industry, and was connected with the Dwight Lumber Company.
Jim Goar (1975) is a contemporary poet born in San Francisco, CA. In 2006, effing press made his chapbook, Whole Milk. Of this collection Scott Glassman at Rain Taxi stated that Goar's ``clause-free declarative sentences are a perfect match for the edgy grade-school surrealism which guides us into emotional revelation. '' Jordan Davis, in his Constant Critic article, included it amongst his best texts of the year. Seoul Bus Poems (2010), his first full-length collection, was published by Ken Edwards' Reality Street. This collection was hailed as a ''brilliant portrait of life in a foreign city`` and ''a glorious example of sparse language and observations. `` Positive reviews have also appeared in Intercapillary Space and etcetera Rose Metal Press published his second collection, The Louisiana Purchase in November of 2011. Scott Abel's listed The Louisiana Purchase as a 'Best Poetry Book of 2011' at No Tell Motel. Since 2006, Goar's poetry has appeared in magazines on both sides of the Atlantic including Poetry Wales, Blackbox Manifold, Jacket, Octopus, Harvard Review, and Cimarron Review. He's been invited to read his poetry at numerous locations around the world including the SoundEye Festival in Cork Ireland. past simple, the journal he edits, has had poems featured in the anthology: Best of the Net 2007 and is currently in its 10th issue. Goar is studying Jack Spicer's The Holy Grail at the University of East Anglia. .
He has studied with Aaron Copland (1959--1964); with David Diamond, Vittorio Giannini, and Ludmila Ulehla at the Manhattan School of Music, from which he earned a master's degree (1961--1968); and with Samuel Adler at the Eastman School of Music, from which he earned his doctoral degree (1968--1971). He has taught composition at Eastern Michigan University since 1971, where he founded an electronic music studio, and has conducted the ensemble Collegium Musicum there since 1973.
Richard Woodward was the son of Francis Woodward, of Grimsbury, near Bristol. He was educated by Josiah Tucker, the Dean of Gloucester, before attending Wadham College, Oxford, where he took the degree of Bachelor of Civil Law in 1749 and Doctor of Civil Law in 1759.
He was the third son of Nicholas Byfield, probably born before 1615. He was educated at Emmanuel College, Cambridge where he matriculated in 1620, and graduated B.A. in 1624. He was ordained in 1625 and became perpetual curate of the London church All Hallows Staining in 1629.
Jerry Meter is a former American football player and coach. Meter's father, Bernard Meter, played football for Notre Dame in the 1940s. Jerry Meter enrolled at the University of Michigan and played linebacker for Bo Schembechler from 1976 to 1978. In 1977, he received the Frederick Matthaei Award leadership, drive and achievement on the athletic field and in the classroom. He was also selected as the co-captain of the 1978 Michigan Wolverines football team. Meter's last game for Michigan was the 1979 Rose Bowl against the USC. Meter played a key role in the famous ``phantom touchdown'' incident in the 1979 Rose Bowl. USC's Charles White fumbled the ball near the goal line, and Meter recovered the ball at the one-yard line. Replays showed that White had fumbled before crossing the goal line, but officials called it a touchdown, and USC won the game, 17--10. Meter returned to Michigan as an assistant football coach for eight years from 1980 to 1987.
Judge was born in Washington, D.C. His parents were Joe Judge, the baseball player and Alma Gauvreau Judge. He attended Gonzaga College High School and then The Catholic University of America. He served in the United States Army and subsequently worked for Life Magazine in New York. He married Phyllis Mitchell of Scituate, Massachusetts in 1956.
Chelsea Thomas (born January 26, 1990) is an American softball player. She attended Pleasantville High School in Pleasantville, Iowa and now attends the University of Missouri, where she plays pitcher. As a member of the United States women's national softball team she won 2011 World Cup of Softball.
Iman Humaydan Younes is a Lebanese writer. She was born in the Mount Lebanon governorate in 1956. She studied sociology at the American University in Beirut. She has published two novels till date:
Steve Bower is an English football commentator, one of the main voices for BBC TV's Match of the Day, culminating in being part of the commentary teams for the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa. Bower commentated on New Zealand's historic draw with Italy and Argentina's 4-1 win over South Korea amongst others. He can also be heard on ESPN UK covering the Europa League, Serie A and the Bundesliga. Previous work includes Setanta Sports up until the UK operation of the broadcaster ceased in June 2009. He was educated at Calday Grange Grammar School.
Thomas Tomlinson (born 1945) is a philosophy professor and medical ethicist currently teaching at Michigan State University where he holds a joint appointment in the Lyman Briggs College and the philosophy department. Tomlinson earned his M.A. and Ph.D in philosophy at Michigan State University. He teaches courses on medical ethics, nursing ethics, and veterinary ethics.
His practice combines linguistic and performance events catalyzed by humour. Through public interventions and text-based installations, Fernandes creates social situations that actively solicit viewer participation. His work explores the intersection of private life with public space, and the relationship between art and everyday life. Michael Fernandes is an instructor in intermedia at NSCAD University and has exhibited and performed throughout Canada and internationally.
Amanda McClendon served as a Metro Council member from her election on August 5, 1999 until her resignation on September 1, 2006 to become a judge. She ran for re-election unopposed in 2003. Amanda McClendon graduated from Vanderbilt University with a Bachelor of Science degree in 1984. She obtained her J.D. from the University of Tennessee at Knoxville in 1984. She attended Middle Tennessee State University for 2½ years. From 1984 until 2007, she served an attorney in private practice.
Anatols Dinbergs graduated from the Riga State Gymnasium No.1, from the French Institute, and obtained his degree in law from the University of Latvia.
Deb Miller is the incumbent Kansas Secretary of Transportation, who was appointed by former Governor of Kansas and current United States Secretary of Health and Human Services, Kathleen Sebelius. Miller is the first woman to lead the Kansas Department of Transportation (KDOT) and its more than 3,200 employees. From 1986 to 1997, she was the Director of the Division of Planning and Development. Miller is a 1976 magna cum laude graduate of Kansas State University with a Bachelor of Arts degree in sociology. Governor of Kansas, Sam Brownback has retained Miller as Secretary of Transportation in his administration. As of January 18, 2011, Miller is the longest-serving Secretary of Transportation for the State of Kansas.
Michael Geppi attended North Harford High School, graduating in 1993. He received his B.S. from Towson University in 1997, then his M.P.A. in 2004.
$20,000 of damage were caused in April 2010 when a group of thugs vandalised sections of the school including smashing 40 windows. The criminals then broke into one classroom and destroyed a data projector. Glenn Sterle, current Western Australian Senator, for the Australian Labor Party attended Thornlie Senior High School from 1974 to 1977.
Fairbanks studied in at the Art Students League of New York beginning at age 13 and the École Nationale Supérieure des Beaux-Arts in the atelier of Jean Antoine Injalbert beginning at age 17. Fairbanks received his bachelor's degree from Yale University and his master's degree from the University of Washington. For three years Fairbanks studied on a Guggenheim Fellowship in Florence, Italy. He got his Ph.D. in anatomy from the University of Michigan. He was also a professor of sculpture at the University of Michigan.
William Hamilton Fyfe was born in Kensington, London in 1878. He attended Fettes College in Edinburgh, Scotland. He then went on to Merton College, University of Oxford, where he graduated with a double first in classics. He taught at Radley College from 1901 to 1903. He then returned to Merton to teach for 15 years. He married Dorothea White in 1908; the couple had three children, Maurice, Margaret, and Christopher.
Ariano Suassuna Vilar was born in Our Lady of the Snows, now João Pessoa, Paraíba, on June 16, 1927, son of João Suassuna and Cassia Villar Suassuna. The following year, his father leaves the government of Paraiba and the family goes to live in the wilderness, in Acauhan Farm (``Fazenda Acauã''). With the Revolution of 30, his father was murdered for political reasons in Rio de Janeiro and the family moved to Taperoá, where he lived from 1933 to 1937. In this city, made his first studies Ariano and watched for the first time a piece of mamulengos and a challenge to Viola, whose character of ``improvisation'' was also one of the hallmarks of his theatrical production. From 1942 she lived in Recife, where he finished in 1945, his secondary education at the Gymnasium in Pernambuco and Osvaldo Cruz High School. The following year began the Law School, where he met Hermilo Borba Filho. And along with it, he founded the Theatre Student of Pernambuco. In 1947 he wrote his first play, A Woman Clothed in the Sun In 1948, his play the harps of Zion Sing (The Deserter or Princess) was set up by the Student Theater of Pernambuco. The Men of Clay was mounted the following year. In 1950, graduated from the Faculty of Law and was awarded the Martin Pena Auto by John of the Cross. To be cured of lung disease, was forced to move back to Taperoá. There he wrote the play and set up a Heart of Torture in 1951. In 1952 he returned to live in Recife. This year to 1956, he devoted himself to law, without abandoning, however, the theater industry. From this time The Punishment of Pride (1953), The Miser Rico (1954) and the Compassionate Self (1955), have designed it around the country and that would be considered in 1962 by Sabato Magaldi ``the text of the most popular modern Brazilian theater. '' In 1956, he abandoned law to become professor of Aesthetics at the Federal University of Pernambuco. The following year he staged his play The Marriage Leary in São Paulo, Cia Sérgio Cardoso, and The Ghost and the nut, in 1958, was staged his play The Man in the Cow and the Power of Fortune, in 1959, The Pen and Law, awarded ten years after the Festival Latinoamericano de Teatro. In 1959, along with Hermilo Borba Filho, founded the Teatro Popular do Nordeste, which then set up the farce of Good Sloth (1960) and The Homemade and Catherine (1962). In the early '60s, he interrupted his successful career as a playwright to devote to the classes in Aesthetics UFPe. There, in 1976, defends the thesis Habilitation The jaguar and the Island Brazil Nuts: A Reflection on Brazilian Culture. Retires as professor in 1994. Founding member of the Federal Council of Culture (1967), appointed by the Rector Murilo Guimarães, director of the Department of Cultural Extension of UFPe (1969). Directly linked to culture, began in 1970 in Recife, the ``Armorial Movement'', interested in the development and understanding of traditional forms of popular expression. Called names expressive music classical music to seek a northeast to come join the movement, launched in Recife, October 18, 1970, with the concert ``Three Centuries of Music Northeastern - the Armorial of the Baroque'' and an exhibition of printmaking, painting and sculpture. Secretary of Culture of the State of Pernambuco, Miguel Arraes Government (1994-1998). Between 1958-79, also dedicated himself to prose fiction, publishing the Romance of The Stone of the Kingdom and the Prince of the Blood-and-Go Back (1971) and History of The King beheaded in the Caatinga Hinterland / The Sun Caetana of Oz (1976), classified by him as ``armorial-popular Brazilian novel.'' Ariano Suassuna built in São José do Belmonte (PE), where the ride is inspired by the Romance of The Stone of the Kingdom, an outdoor sanctuary, consisting of 16 sculptures of stone, with height 3.50 m each, arranged in circle, representing the sacred and the profane. The first three are images of Jesus Christ, Our Lady and St. Joseph, the patron saint of the city. Paraíba State Academy of Arts and Doctor Honoris Causa from the Federal University of Rio Grande do Norte (2000).
Common Law focuses on John Alvarez (Greg Giraldo), the seemingly-token Latino at a large, WASPy law firm. John has a degree from Harvard Law School, but never forgets his working-class Queens roots, nor the idea that law is about protecting the ``little guy'' from the major corporations that are his firms' key clients. He has started a clandestine affair with fellow attorney Nancy Slaton (Megyn Price), clandestine because the firm forbids lawyers from dating each other to minimize claims of sexual harassment. To the disgust of his barber father, Luis (Gregory Sierra), John wears his hair long and plays guitar; his father views him as a hippie. Greg Giraldo was in reality a graduate of Harvard Law School nearly top of his class, and became a lawyer for a while before becoming a comedian. After a year as an attorney, Giraldo fell out of love with the profession and launched his comedy career, only referring to his law background very occasionally on the stand-up circuit, until he starred in this series.
Frank Greenaway studied Chemistry at Jesus College, Oxford. He was invalided out of the War and subsequently taught in Bournemouth, where he met his wife, Miranda (1916--2008). They had four children.
Gevorgian is the son of well-known Armenian folk-singer Valya Samvelyan. He studied at #31 school of Yerevan and at the A. Tigranyan musical school at the same time. During the two years he studied at Yerevan #8 college of Fine Arts. From 1983 to 1987 he studied at Armenian State Pedagogical University after Khachatur Abovyan at the faculty of woodwind instruments and pop music department. In 1987-1989 Gevorgian taught conducting at the same Institute, then he worked at Armenian Television (``3 Alik'' TV program).
Peter Mansbridge received his first honorary degree in 1999 from Mount Allison University in Sackville, New Brunswick where he currently serves as Chancellor. On July 1, 2008, he was appointed by Michaëlle Jean, Governor General of Canada as Officer of the Order of Canada, the second grade of the highest civilian honour in Canada. He received an honorary Doctor of Laws degree from the University of Manitoba in Winnipeg, Manitoba in 2001. He received an honorary Doctor of Journalism degree from Ryerson University in Toronto in 2005. He received the honorary degree Doctor of Laws, honoris causa (LL.D.) from the University of Western Ontario, in London, Ontario on June 9, 2008. He received an honorary Doctor of Laws degree from the University of Windsor in Windsor, Ontario on June 17, 2010.
Charles McDonnell was born in Manhattan to Charles and Eleanor (née Preston) McDonnell. After attending De La Salle Institute, he entered St. Francis Xavier College in 1868. He was sent to Rome by Cardinal John McCloskey in 1872 to further his studies at the Pontifical North American College. While in Rome, he was ordained to the priesthood by Bishop Silas Chatard on May 19, 1878. He earned his Doctor of Divinity degree shortly afterwards. Following his return to New York in the fall of 1878, he was named a curate at St. Mary's Church on Grand Street until 1879, when he was transferred to St. Stephen's Church (under Rev. Edward McGlynn) and afterwards St. Patrick's Cathedral. He became private secretary to Cardinal McCloskey in 1884, and remained in that position under McCloskey's successor, Michael Corrigan, who also named him chancellor of the Archdiocese of New York in 1889. In 1890 he was made Private Chamberlain by Pope Leo XIII and spiritual director of the Catholic Club.
Adams played quarterback for Tom Horne at Joliet Junior College. After graduating from Joliet in 1987, he played at Northwest Missouri State University. In addition to playing quarterback, he played running back and outside linebacker. He earned a bachelor's degree from Northwest Missouri State in 1990. In 1997, he earned a master's degree from Valparaiso.
Taras Kermauner was born in Ljubljana as the son of the Slovene communist politician and intellectual Dušan Kermauner. His younger brother was Aleš Kermauner, a poet and avantguarde artist. Taras attended the Ljubljana Classical Lyceum and later studied philosophy at the University of Ljubljana, where he graduated in 1954. Between 1957 and 1958 he studied in Paris under the supervision of Henri Lefebvre.
Arnold Heredia was born in Karachi, Pakistan in 1940. He attended the Christ the King Seminary (Pakistan) and was ordained a priest of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Karachi in 1965. Among his pastoral work he served tribal people in the interior of Sindh province.
During the first 10 years of his life, Christopher Erhardt lived in Seattle, Washington, Detroit, Michigan, Riverside, California and Arcadia, California. He received a bachelors of science from the University of San Francisco, did graduate studies in Psychology at Harvard University and acquired his Masters degree in business from Capella University. As of 2007, he is working on a Doctoral dissertation on video game players demographic considerations. Currently he has over 19 years experience in the Interactive Media Industry, where in he was responsible for the production, design and product management of over 22 titles with such publishers as Infocom, Activision, Electronic Arts, Infogrames, and Ocean Software of America.
John Porcelly went on to tour and record with Hare Krishna hardcore band Shelter (featuring Ray Cappo of Youth Of Today, as well as a revolving line-up of more and less well-known hardcore musicians, including Tom Capone of Bold and Quicksand, and Vic DiCara of Beyond, Inside Out, and 108). Porcelly later started the bands Never Surrender and Last of the Famous, and ran a record label called Fight Fire With Fire and the website TrueTillDeath.com, but all these projects seem to be either scrapped or inactive. He played with the reunited Bold in 2005--06, and a book chronicling all issues of his fanzine Schism was also released in late 2005. Mike Ferraro (musician) continued in the band Mike Judge & Old Smoke, a band playing Neil Young-inspired acoustic music. They released a 12`` on Revelation Records in 1993. Sammy Siegler played in several late 80's/early 90's hardcore bands, either regularly or as a replacement. In the mid-late 90's he recorded and toured with the band CIV, featuring Anthony Civarelli and Arthur Smilios of Gorilla Biscuits. He has also appeared in Shelter, and major label rock band Rival Schools, featuring Walter Schreifels (also of Gorilla Biscuits, as well as Quicksand and several other bands). In 2005 he joined Limp Bizkit as temporary replacement for drummer John Otto. Matt Pincus currently runs the NYC-based record label Some Records, which has released records from bands like Hot Water Music, Errortype 11 and Beyond. Jimmy Yu became a Chan/Zen Buddhist monk in 1991 under the name Guogu, and now teaches Buddhism and meditation under the direction of Chan/Zen Master Sheng Yen. Yu is currently an Assistant Professor of Religion at Florida State University. Yu received his Ph.D. from Princeton University's Department of Religion in 2008. Yu teaches courses in East Asian religious traditions, specializing in Chinese and Japanese Buddhism and late imperial Chinese cultural history. His research interests include the cultural history of the body, Buddhist monasticism, Chan/Zen Buddhism, and popular religions within the broader context of fifteenth to seventeenth centuries China. Here is a 2008 Double Cross Hardcore fanzine interview with Jimmy Yu in which he talks about growing up in the hardcore scene.
He was born about 1675, probably in Southwark, where his mother was living as a widow in 1692. Walter Wilson, following Josiah Thompson, thinks he was educated at Timothy Jollie's Attercliffe Academy, near Sheffield (opened in 1689); records of the presbyterian board show that in 1692--6 he studied successively in the academies of John Southwell at Newbury, Berkshire, and James Waters at Uxbridge, Middlesex.
Gross was born on May 20, 1921, in Philadelphia. There he attended Central High School, where he met future partner Lee Guber after the two were seated next to each other in alphabetical order, graduating as valedictorian. After graduating from the University of Pennsylvania in 1942 with a Phi Beta Kappa key, he attended Harvard Law School, but dropped out after coming to the realization that he didn't want to be a lawyer. He enlisted in the United States Navy, serving as a communications officer in the South Pacific and attaining the rank of Lieutenant. After completing his military service, Gross attended Northwestern University, graduating in 1947 with a master's degree in journalism.
Larry Hart is an American football player who is currently a free agent. He was selecting in the 2010 NFL Draft by the Jacksonville Jaguars. Larry was born in Madison, Mississippi. He played defensive end and outside linebacker for Central Arkansas. He also played at Holmes Community College.
W. Sumner Davis is an Irish-American, educator, counselor and author. He was born in 1960 in Waterville, Maine. Born William Sumner Davis, Jr., he is the author of several books on social and science history including the controversial ''''Heretics,```` the natural history primer Losing Faith and the pseudoscience Just Smoke and Mirrors. Davis' early life was heavily influenced by the late Carl Sagan. Like Sagan, Davis is an outspoken critic of many nations use of nuclear arms; his essay A Model of Thermonuclear Extinction has been widely printed since original publication in 2002. A severe Dyslexic, Davis did not learn to read until age eleven, and because of early educational experiences, has become an outspoken proponent of alternative educational programs and a critic of U.S. Public School Systems. Davis attended the University of Maine, receiving a Bachelor of Arts degree in Psychology focusing on Developmental and Child Psychology. He entered Springfield College, where he received a Masters in social psychology concentrating on developmental psychology and Addiction Dynamics. Davis went on to study Theology at Bangor Theological Seminary where he earned a Master of Divinity in Western Theological History and Ancient Languages, eventually transferring in 1997 to Freedom Seminary, Washington DC where he completed a parallel program Th.D (Dr. Theol.) in Medieval Christian History graduating Magna Cum Laude in 2001.
Dr. Mathew obtained a Bachelors of Veterinary Science degree from Kerala Veterinary College, Mannuthy in 1964, a Master of Science degree in Medical Physiology from the University of Mysore, and a Ph.D. (Medical Physiology) from Delhi University. Till recently, Dr.T. Lazar Mathew has been the Director, Sponsored Research and also the Director of School of Bio Sciences & Technology in VIT University, managing over 3000 UG, PG and Doctoral Students pursuing studies in 12 different programmes in the fields of Biotechnology, Bioinformatics, Biomedical Engineering, Medical Genetics and various branches of Health Sciences; having the strength of 129 well-qualified and experienced faculty.Several funding projects over Rs. 4 crores from different agencies like DRDO, DBT, DST and from private organizations have been sanctioned to him and his group.
He was born in Ashton-under-Lyne, Lancashire, the younger son of Abel Buckley and Mary Keehan of Alderdale Lodge. He was educated at Mill Hill School and Owen's College. In 1875 he married Hannah Summers (who died in 1897) and they had one son, also Abel, born in 1876.
For the comic book artist, see Bryan Hitch. Brian Hitch (born Wisbech, Cambridgeshire 2 June 1932, died Oxford 3 August 2004) was a British diplomat, academic and musician who was High Commissioner to Malta between 1988 and 1991. Born in Wisbech, he attended Wisbech Grammar School, where he attained the Holmes Scholarship to Magdalene College, Cambridge. After national service in the RAF, he joined the Foreign Office in 1955 and held positions in Japan, Cuba (during the Cuban Missile Crisis), Greece, Tokyo (as Head of Chancery), as Counsellor in Bonn and in Algiers, Consul-General in Munich, Minister in Tokyo and finally, in 1988-91, as High Commissioner to Malta. Following his retirement, he directed the Diploma in European Studies at the University of Oxford and was later made a fellow at Kellogg College, Oxford.
Erik Christopher Daniels (born April 1, 1982 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American professional basketball player. He has played for the Sacramento Kings of the NBA, along with the Fayetteville Patriots and the Erie BayHawks of the NBA D-League. He played college basketball at the University of Kentucky.
Elizabeth Hartley Winthrop was born in New York City in 1979. She attended Harvard University and graduated Phi Beta Kappa and summa cum laude in 2001, with a B.A. in English and American Literature and Language. She earned her M.F.A. degree in fiction from the University of California at Irvine in 2004, where she was the recipient of the Schaffer Writing Fellowship.
Born and raised in New York City, novelist, poet and performance artist Kathy Acker came to be closely associated with the punk movement of the 1970s and '80s that affected much of the culture in and around Manhattan. As an adult, however, she moved around quite a bit. She received her bachelor's degree from the University of California, San Diego in 1968; there she worked with David Antin and Jerome Rothenberg.
By the early-1990s, KIST had changed its format to oldies. KIST also broadcasted in C-QUAM AM Stereo. Before adopting to its most recent format, KIST had changed its call sign first to KLDZ then to KXXT and was known as all-sports ``XTRA Sports 1340.'' One of the station's on-air hosts was Jim Rome, a graduate of the University of California, Santa Barbara. On March 29, 2000 the call sign was changed back to KIST.
Samir Khalaf is a Lebanese sociologist. He was born in Beirut on October 14, 1933. He is married to Roseanne Khalaf and has two children. Khalaf has written extensively on the Arab world and on Lebanon in particular. The majority of themes in his work include sexuality in the Arab world, the Lebanese Civil War, Urbanization, and the role of the Protestant missionaries in the Levant. He is currently a professor of sociology at the American University of Beirut, and has also been a director of the Centre for Behavioural Research there since 1994. Khalaf received his bachelor's degree in Economics from the American University of Beirut in 1955, and later his MA in Sociology in 1957. Furthermore, he obtained an MA in Economics and Sociology in 1959, and PhD in Sociology in 1964 from Princeton University.
Ito and his sister Mizuko Ito, who is called Mimi, spent summers in Japan with their grandmother who taught them traditional Japanese culture. At 14, he returned to Japan when his mother was promoted to president of Energy Conversion Devices Japan. He studied at the Nishimachi International School and for high school, the American School in Japan in Tokyo. Ito also learned ``street language, street smarts, and computers.'' One of few Japanese using modems before deregulation of networking reached Japan in 1985, Ito had found The Source and the original MUD by his teens (and by 26 was working on his own MUD).
Torsten Oltmanns studied Economics at the University of Cologne (Germany). At the same time, he was apprenticed as specialized journalist for economy and politics. With his thesis about journalism he achieved his diploma at the University of Cologne in 1993. He published several articles in the press with mostly economical topics.
Dr. Hrayr Shahinian is a skull base surgeon and founder of the Skull Base Institute. He is a pioneer in microsurgical techniques of the brain. He pioneered new methods of introducing surgical microinstruments into the brain through the skull base to remove tumors and perform other neurosurgical procedures. He completed his undergraduate studies at the American University of Beirut and completed his medical school at Pritzker School of Medicine at the University of Chicago. He completed his residency at the Vanderbilt Universityhttp://. www.skullbaseinstitute.com. He is the senior author of the textbook: Endoscopic Skull Base Surgery published by Humana Press. He is currently collaborating with NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory on innovating the next generation of endoscopic skull base and brain instruments.
She was born Dorothy Fay Southworth in Prescott, Arizona, the daughter of Harry T. Southworth and Harriet Fay Fox. Her father was a medical doctor. Fay attended the University of Southern California in Los Angeles, California, and studied acting at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London. She began her motion picture career in the late 1930s, performing in several B grade Westerns. In 1938, she appeared opposite George Houston in Frontier Scout at Grand National Pictures. She also appeared with Western stars Buck Jones and William Elliott.
Sandor Salgo (1909-2007) was born Hungarian-born composer. Born into a Jewish family in Budapest, Hungary in 1909, Sandor Salgo studied music in Budapest. A clear standout, his early career was affected by the prewar Anti-Semitism then prevalent in Hungary. In 1937, Sandor Salgo and a string quartet would serenade the bed-ridden wife of the American Ambassador to Hungary. America's walls were closed to immigrants, but the Ambassador refused to leave Mr. Salgo behind and he was afforded a special visa to America in 1937. While Salgo returned to Europe later in his life, he refused ever to visit Hungary or even speak Hungarian, because of the repressive government during his youth, the anti-Semitism, and in the Nazi years, the holocaust. In 1939 (with no formal training in English) Sandor Salgo taught at the Westminster Choir College in Princeton, New Jersey. It was during this time at Princeton that Albert Einstein attended one of Mr. Salgo's concerts. He sent him a letter of appreciation saying, ``Mr. Sandor Salgo is a musician of high standing. The concert he gave ... has made a deep impression on me,'' the two played occasionally in a quartet together. Sandor Salgo was asked to conduct the Israeli symphony but politely declined saying, ``I came here to be an American.'' From 1949-1973 Sandor Salgo taught and conducted the music and opera programs at Stanford University. Sandor and Priscilla Salgo began directing the Carmel Bach festival in 1956 and turned it into an internationally acclaimed festival. When he was in his nineties, Mr. Salgo wrote the book Thomas Jefferson: Musician and Violinist about the musical life of Thomas Jefferson.
Libertito Pelayo is the founding publisher and editor-in-chief of the Filipino Reporter newspaper in New York City. Pelayo was educated at Far Eastern University in Manila, Philippines. An active journalist, Pelayo was formerly a reporter for The Manila Times and was also a correspondent in South Vietnam during the Vietnam War. He is a member of the New York Press Club, the Asian American Journalists Association, the Filipino American Media Association, and a former member of the United Nations Correspondents Club. Pelayo was also a former grand marshal for the Philippine Independence Day Committee, Inc. of New York City in 1997.
Jeffrey Pullicino Orlando was born in Sliema, Malta, on the 27th November 1963. He was educated at De La Salle College, Malta and the University of Malta. He graduated as a dental surgeon in 1987.
People of Brovinje attended the Parish church of St Lucia in Sv Luce in Skitača and the Parish church of Sv Lovreč Labinski in the hamlet by the same name as the church. It is located a little north of the hamlets of Diminici and Viscovici. The churches of St Lucia and St Lovrec were built in the 17th century.
A router based on the PDP 11 computer from Digital Equipment Corporation with software from MIT was used to connect the Ethernet to the ARPANET. The PARC Universal Packet protocol was initially used on the local parts of the network, which was the experimental version of Ethernet with a data rate under 3 Megabits/second. As the TCP/IP protocols evolved through the 1980s, a TCP/IP network was built on the main campus, extending to other departments, and connecting many other computers. This network was called the ``Stanford University Network'' or SUN. Today, the campus network is referred to as SUNet. Andy Bechtolsheim, a Stanford graduate student at the time, designed a SUN workstation for use on the network in 1980. It was inspired by the Alto, but used a more modular design powered by a Motorola 68000 processor interfaced to other circuit boards using Multibus. The workstations were used by researchers to develop the V-System and other projects. Bechtolsheim licensed the design to become the basis of the products of Sun Microsystems (whose name was a pun based on the SUN acronym).
Daniel Katz is a graduate of the University of Helsinki in the Humanities. He worked as a Jewish history teacher at the Jewish School in Helsinki, and in Haifa Israel as a driller on subway construction.
John Tokarua is a lacrosse player from Melbourne, Australia. Originally from the Caulfield Lacrosse club in Victoria, Tokarua played one season at Malvern Lacrosse Club where he won Fairest and Best for his club and his state (2002). Tokarua represented Australia in the 1996 World Under-19 Lacrosse Championship before being selected in the seniors for the 2002 and 2006 World Lacrosse Championships, where he gained All-World selection at the latter. Tokarua was named Co-Captain for 2010 Australian Team that won bronze in Manchester, England. A two-time Australian Lacrosse League All-Star, Tokarua has gained a fierce reputation as a groundball, takeaway and goalscoring machine off the defensive midfield line. Tokarua was also drafted by the San Francisco Dragons in the Major League Lacrosse.
Following ten years of Saskatchewan beekeeping, Ron Miksha studied at the University of Saskatchewan, graduating with high honours in geophysics. His undergraduate research work, sponsored by the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada, investigated the atmosphere's effects on the Earth's inner core vibrations. His research work and studies led to a business in Calgary, where Miksha now lives.
Mark Madryga was born and raised in Kamloops, and graduated from NorKam Secondary School in 1981. He went on to complete three years at Cariboo College (now Thompson Rivers University), then transferred to the University of British Columbia where he graduated in 1986 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Physical Geography. Madryga went on to do a fifth year of study at the university.
Rob Newman (born March 23, 1972) is a politician in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. He was the elected Deputy Leader of the Green Party of Ontario from 2004 to 2006 and also served as the party's Issue Advocate for Democratic Renewal. He attended Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario and holds a Bachelor of Computer Science degree from Acadia University.
Khaled Al Khamissi was born on the 27th of September, 1962 to Egyptian parents in Downtown, Cairo where he still resides. He obtained his bachelor's degree in political science from Cairo University in 1984 and his masters are in foreign policy from The Sorbonne in 1987.
Neal Flomenbaum earned his AB in English at Columbia College, Columbia University and is an AOA graduate of the Albert Einstein College of Medicine. He completed his Internal Medicine residency at the Albert Einstein-Bronx Municipal (Jacobi) Hospital Center and served as Associate Director of Emergency Services there from 1977 to 1979. From 1979 to 1987, Dr. Flomenbaum was Associate Director of Emergency Services at Bellevue and NYU Hospital Centers and from 1987 to 1996, he was Chairman of Emergency Medicine at the Long Island College Hospital.
Dr. David McCooey, poet, critic and academic, was born in London in 1967. He moved to Perth, Western Australia, with his family in 1970. He studied at University of Western Australia (1985-1988), and completed his doctorate at Sydney University (1990-1993).
At the age of fourteen, Charles attended the University of Vermont, studying chemistry. He loved the science and for much of his life, even when he dedicated himself to music, it was thought of him that he struggled to choose between two equal masters of his passions: Chemistry and Music. He did not graduate from UVM, rather he left Vermont, first for London to play at The Crystal Palace and then for New York City. He had decided once and for all that the cause of discovering the American Art through music was to be his life's purpose. At the age of 16, Charles Jerome Hopkins arrived at Cooper Union and applied for a music teaching position, without credentials or experience. He was told to go gather up some experience and try again. Becoming an organist at several New York City churches (including the illustrious and historical Trinity Cathedral), he built up his experience but also set into place the pattern of animosity with those in authority that would plague him his entire life and ruin, in many instances, the successes he could have had.
As the youngest child and only daughter to Stephen and Marguerite LaGrossa, her name was a variant of Stephanie, yet spelled so it would look like her father's name. She grew up in Glenolden, Pennsylvania. She graduated from Archbishop Prendergast High School in 1998, and she went to Temple University, before transferring to Monmouth University in West Long Branch, New Jersey. She was a four-year starting varsity lacrosse player at both schools, a multiple Northeast Conference All-Conference and Academic Honor Roll selection, and captain of the team in her senior year at Monmouth. She earned a Bachelor of Science degree in business administration with concentrations in marketing and management.
Dr. Charles A. Ofria is currently an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering at Michigan State University, the director of the Digital Evolution (DEvo) Lab there, and a co-founder of the BEACON Center for the Study of Evolution in Action. He is the son of the late Charles Ofria, who developed the first fully integrated shop management program for the automotive repair industry. Ofria attended Stuyvesant High School and graduated from Ward Melville High School in 1991. He obtained a B.A. in Computer Science, Pure Mathematics, and Applied Mathematics from Stony Brook University in 1994, and a Ph.D. in Computation and Neural Systems from the California Institute of Technology in 1999. Ofria's research focuses on the interplay between computer science and Darwinian evolution.
Born in Tarbat, Ross, Smith was the son of James Smith (d. 1684-5), a mason, who became a burgess of Forres, Moray, in 1659. Smith initially trained as a priest, and went to Italy as a young man, possibly to enter the Catholic priesthood. A James Smith of Morayshire attended the Scots College, Rome from 1671--75, although it is not known if this is the same person. He had certainly travelled abroad, however, and was well-educated, with a knowledge of Latin.
Ashley Swearengin (born 1972) is the Mayor of Fresno, California and is Fresno's second female mayor. She was elected in a runoff election on November 4, 2008. Born in Texas and raised in Arkansas, she moved to Fresno with her family in 1987. Swearengin is an alumna of Fresno Christian High School and California State University, Fresno.
Lawrence Becker was born on August 10, 1869 in Finnentrop, Germany, and when he was 10 years old his family emigrated to the United States. Becker was raised in Tolleston, Indiana and Montana before attending law school at Valparaiso University, from which he graduated in 1896.
Jason Hall (born October 31, 1983 in Chattanooga, Tennessee) is an American football defensive end for the Tennessee Titans in the National Football League. Hall attended high school at The McCallie School in Chattanooga, where he won the state title as a senior. Despite being very successful in his only year with the Cologne Centurions, Hall has yet to play a game in the NFL.
Anthony Schlegel (born March 1, 1981 in Cedar Rapids, Iowa) is a former American Football linebacker. He was originally drafted by the New York Jets in the third round of the 2006 NFL Draft. He played college football at the Ohio State University after transferring from the United States Air Force Academy. In January of 2011, Schlegel returned to his college Alma mater as an assistant strength and conditioning coach for the He also founded his own fitness company, Schlegel Hardcore Elite Training.
Hanya Holm's approach to teaching was to liberate each individual to define a technical style of his or her own that should express their inner personality and give freedom to explore. She would tell her students, ``You have a perfect right to branch out, if you have the stuff in you, if you discover your own richness, if you have something to say.'' Holm's philosophy of teaching was how to find the essence of dance and understand where the movement comes from in the body that way it is a natural response in the dancer's body. She brought weltanschauung to her dance teaching. Holm was strict; she expected greatness from her students which would come from a willingness to work hard. It was her thought that if you worked hard and truly wanted it, you would achieve the desired outcome. Holm had an extremely keen eye, she had the ability to look at something and verbalize what she wanted using elaborate imagery and analogies. She used her technique class as a preparation for her improvisation and composition classes. These classes were where the students could expand and experiment on the skills that were presented in class, making the movement innate in their bodies. A large amount of Holm's choreography came from the improv and comp classes. Hanya Holm taught anatomy, Dalcroze eurhythmics, improvisation, and Labanotation at her school. She taught at Colorado College, Mills College, University of Wisconsin, Alwin Nikolais School, and was the Head of Dance Department in New York's Musical Theatre Academy. After 1974, she taught at the Juilliard School (Martha Hill, director) in New York. In 1988, a documentary of her life Hanya: Portrait of a Pioneer narrated by Julie Andrews and Alfred Drake, and featuring interviews with Holm, Nikolais, Murray Louis, and others, was released by Dance Horizons.
David B. Eskind (1909-1992) was a radio scriptwriter and producer. He was born in Nashville, Tennessee and studied writing under Thornton Wilder at the University of Chicago, from which he graduated in 1934. For the next several years he wrote radio scripts for NBC and CBS. During World War II he served in the Army in the Pacific as a writer-producer of Army education and information programs. After the war he joined the staff of the Armed Forces Radio Service in Washington, D.C., where he became a civilian writer-producer of radio shows. In 1953 he became the producer and chief writer of the ``Army Hour,'' which was broadcast on the Army's worldwide radio network.
Dr. Perry N. Halkitis received his B.A. in Biology and Psychology from Columbia University, his masters in Education/Human Development and Learning from City University of New York (CUNY): Hunter College, a Masters of Philosophy in Educational Psychology from CUNY: Graduate Center, and a Ph.D. in Quantitative Methods in Educational and Psychological Research from CUNY: Graduate Center. Dr. Halkitis is Associate Dean for Research & Doctoral Studies, Professor of Applied Psychology and Public Health, and Director of the Center for Health, Identity, Behavior & Prevention Studies (CHIBPS) at the Steinhardt School of Culture, Education, and Human Development, a division of New York University. Dr. Halkitis has been actively involved in governance with the American Psychological Association Committee on Psyhcology and AIDS, (COPA) 2010-2012 and the Committee on Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender Concerns, (2009-2009, Chair 2009) Dr. Halkitis is also a research affiliate of the Aaron Diamond AIDS Research Center at New York University School of Medicine. and Co-Director of the New York University's Clinical and Translational Science Institute TL1 Predoctoral Program. Prior to his current positions, Dr. Halkitis was Director of Research at Gay Men's Health Crisis. He is internationally recognized for his work examining the intersection between the HIV, drug abuse, and mental health syndemics, and is well known as one of the nation's leading experts on addictions, specially methamphetamine. In addition, Dr. Halkitis has undertaken extensive work in psychometrics.
Vijay P. Parashar, BDS, MDS, DDS, is an Oral and Maxillofacial Radiologist currently working as Faculty at Midwestern University, Glendale, AZ . Prior to joining Midwestern University, Dr Parashar was the Assistant Professor of Biomedical and Diagnostic Sciences at University of Detroit Mercy in Detroit Michigan. Dr Parashar has been the winner of 2006 Howard R. Raper Oral and Maxillofacial Radiology Award given by American Academy of Oral and Maxillofacial Radiology. Dr Parashar has received Doctor of Dental Surgery (DDS) from the University of Detroit Mercy School of Dentistry, Master of Dental Science from the University of Connecticut School of Dental Medicine, Certification in Oral and Maxillofacial Radiology from the University of Connecticut School of Dental Medicine and Bachelor of Dental Surgery from Manipal College of Dental Sciences, Manipal. Dr Parashar is on the scientific editorial board of peer-reviewed journals such as Journal of Oral Health and Community, India Dentistry, International Journal of Oral Implantology and Clinical Research, India , and American Journal of Esthetic Dentistry, USA. Dr Parashar's positions with ADEA include, : Chair 2010 -- 2011, Oral & Maxillofacial Radiology Section, Chair-elect 2009 -- 2010, Oral & Maxillofacial Radiology Section and Secretary 2008 -- 2009, Oral & Maxillofacial Radiology Section.
Lawrence was born on 9 February 1913, the son of Aubrey Trevor Lawrence KC, MBE and his wife Constance Emily Fanning. He was the grandson of Sir Trevor Lawrence, 2nd Baronet and was, until his death, heir to that title. He was educated at Eton, where his godfather, Cyril Alington, had recently been appointed head master, and at Christ Church, Oxford, his father's college, where he read science and mathematics.
Carol Burns, FAIA, studied at Bryn Mawr College and Yale University and received her Master in Architecture from the Yale School of Architecture. She has written and researched extensively and has taught at Yale, Harvard, MIT and other schools, serving as the director of the Harvard Institute of Affordable Housing. She co-founded a Boston Society of Architects' program for Architectural Research Grants and currently serves as the chair of the Boston Art Commission.
Glen Wilson studied at the Juilliard School with Albert Fuller, then moved to the Netherlands, where he studied with Gustav Leonhardt. In 1980, he won all three categories of the Bruges International Competition. He worked with the Netherlands Chamber Orchestra, then resigned in 1982 to pursue a career as a soloist. In 1988, he moved to Bavaria, taking a teaching post at the Musikhochschule Würzburg.
Canadian born architect Donald Schmitt studied architecture at the University of Toronto, and has been in practice with Jack Diamond since 1978. Jack Diamond and Donald Schmitt are the founding principals of Diamond and Schmitt Architects Incorporated.
Masood Sharif Khan Khattak was educated in Delhi Public School. Later on after getting a Gold Medal from Sindh province, he completed his college at the prestigious Cadet College Petaro, where he was friends with the current President of Pakistan, Asif Ali Zardari. He was also the youngest graduate of the Pakistan Military Academy.He completed his degree in War Studies at Command and Staff College, Quetta in 1978.
Kenneth Campbell was educated at Sedbergh School and Clare College, Cambridge
Jeremy Weate (born in 1969 in Wheaton Aston) is an English philosopher and businessman, based in Nigeria. He studied philosophy at the University of Hull, the University of Liège and the University of Warwick, graduating with a PhD in philosophy from Warwick in 1998. His PhD thesis was Phenomenology and Difference: the Body, Architecture and Race.
Francis X. Taylor was educated at the University of Notre Dame, graduating with a B.A. in government and international studies in 1970. Taylor was involved in the Reserve Officers' Training Corps during university and in upon graduation, was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in the United States Air Force. He became a trainee agent in the U.S. Air Force Office of Special Investigations, and then attended the U.S. Air Force Special Investigations School in Washington, D.C. From 1970 to 1972, he was a counterintelligence officer at the Middle East, Africa and South Asia Division of the Air Force Office of Special Investigations. From 1972 to 1974, he attended the Air Force Institute of Technology at Notre Dame, receiving an M.A. in government and international studies in 1974.
King Yao was born in Taiwan and moved to the United States at the age of 6. He graduated from Stuyvesant High School in New York, NY in 1989. In 1992, he graduated from Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, PA with a B.S. in Economics in three years. From 1992 to 2000, he worked for Susquehanna International Group as a financial derivatives trader. His experiences includes trading equity options on the American Stock Exchange, currency options at the Bank of New York (in partnership with Susquehanna at the time in currency derivatives), crude oil and gasoline options at the New York Mercantile Exchange and CMO (collateralized mortgage obligation) derivatives for Susquehanna's proprietary account.
Mark van Vugt (born 9 May 1967, Amsterdam) is a Netherlands evolutionary psychologist who currently holds a professorship in group and organizational psychology at the VU University (Vrije Universiteit) Amsterdam, the Netherlands. Van Vugt has affiliate positions at the Institute for Cognitive and Evolutionary Anthropology at University of Oxford, UK, and the University of Kent, UK. Mark van Vugt studied psychology at the University of Groningen, followed by a PhD in applied social psychology at the University of Maastricht during which he worked on research into environmental sustainability and transportation as social dilemma and tragedy of the commons problems.
Sir Leonard Erskine Hill attended Haileybury College. He later received his MB from University College, London in 1890. In 1931, he received an honorary LLD from the University of Aberdeen.
Following his high school graduation, Verbal attended Boston College and the Gordon-Conwell Theological Seminary in Boston while Taku relocated to study in Los Angeles. As a result they are both fluent in English and use it frequently in their songs. Following their return to Japan, the duo began performing in clubs and on television hoping to attract the attention of record companies. In 1998, Taku met Asakawa Masaji, the director of management company Artimage and DJ of the group GTS. Masaji invited Taku to produce a reworking of Barbra Streisand's The Way We Were, with a rap by Verbal, originally intended as a GTS release. The song was released on vinyl in 1998 on Avex Trax's Rhythm Republic indie imprint and later on the compilation album The Intergalactic Collection ~ギャラコレ~, and sold about 1000 units.
Charley Trujillo had a difficult time on his arrival back to America. The first thing Charley did when coming out of the military was go to church and light a candle for his then, recently deceased grandmother and gave thanks. He was then bed ridden with malaria three different times. Charley realized how much the war negatively affected all those involved and joined the Vietnam Veterans Against the War. Once relieved of illness Charley went to work in the fields, however decided that he did not want to do menial for the rest of his life. Charley was able to pursue an education through the G.I. Bill and working part-time jobs. He attended Fresno City College from 1971 to 1972 and then Transferred to UC Berkeley where he received his BA in Chicano studies as class of 1976. He continued in the Teaching Credential Program in 1977. From there he continued his education at San Jose State University earning his MA in Chicano Studies.
In addition to his monumental basketball achievements, ``Coach C'' (as he is lovingly referred to by Santa Clara High School faculty, students and alumni) maintained a rigid and robust physical education curriculum, which he developed during his esteemed career at Santa Clara High School. A consummate physical education proponent, Lou Cvijanovich understood the importance of weight training and an overall sense of physical and spiritual well being, especially for young people. This emphasis stemmed from Cvijanovich himself, in terms of his own physical prowess, which has become legendary. It is rumored by many students that the familiar sounds of Coach C's forceful grunts and groans echoed throughout the hallowed halls of Santa Clara, as he was known to bench in excess of 400 pounds, through powerful thrusting repetitions on the weight bench, well into his late 70's.
Nikolai Starikov was born on August 23, 1970 in the city of Leningrad. He is married and has two daughters. In 1992 he graduated from the Saint Petersburg State University of Engineering and Economics (with a degree in economics). He appeared as an expert in economics in documentaries ``Parvus in the Revolution'', ``Storm of the Winter Palace. Refutation.''
Born in Yugoslavia, Marijon Ancich and his family fled to the United States during World War II. Initially arriving in New York City, the Ancich family settled in Southern California seven years later. He attended San Pedro High School, graduating in 1955. He then attended Cal Poly San Luis Obispo and was a four-year letterman in football and a two-year letterman in track. In football, he played fullback, linebacker, and defensive back, and was a two-time All-CCAA selection. Ancich and his wife Jacquie have seven children.
Peer Olson Strømme was born in Winchester, Wisconsin to immigrant parents from Norway; Ole and Eli Haugen. Stromme graduated from Luther College (Iowa) and attended Concordia Theological Seminary. In 1879, he was ordained into the Lutheran ministry. He subsequently held a teaching post at St. Olaf College. Peer Stromme was editor of Norden, a Norwegian language paper in Chicago. Additionally he was the founding editor of the Norwegian language newspaper Dagbladet. He also translated books for the John Anderson Publishing Company in Chicago and the Lutheran Publishing House of Decorah, Iowa.
Kevin Gover is the director of the Smithsonian Institution's National Museum of the American Indian as of December 2, 2007. He is a former professor of law at the Sandra Day O’Connor College of Law at Arizona State University in Tempe, an affiliate professor in its American Indian Studies Program and co-executive director of the university's American Indian Policy Institute. Gover, 52, grew up in Oklahoma and is a member of the Pawnee Nation of Oklahoma and of Comanche descent. He received his bachelor's degree in public and international affairs from Princeton University and his law degree from the University of New Mexico. He was awarded an honorary doctor of laws degree from Princeton University in 2001.
Georgia Frost was born in Aylesbury, England. She attended John Colet School in Wendover. While walking around the Camden Market area, she was scouted by agent Sarah Leon. Frost was only 13 at the time and Leon thought she was too young to model. Two years later, Frost was once again discovered by agents from Select Model Management, this time at a Clothes Show Live trade show event.
Fereydun Adamiyat or Fereidoon Adamiyat (Tehran 1920 - March 29, 2008) () was a leading social historian of contemporary Iran and particularly the Qajar era. He was the son of Abbasquli Adamiyat, a pioneer of the Iranian Constitutional Revolution. Fereydun Adamiyat received his B.A. from the University of Tehran and his Ph.D. in diplomatic history from the London School of Economics. He is known for his original works on various aspects of the social and political history of Persia, most of them dealing with the ideological foundations of the Iranian Constitutional Revolution. Believing firmly in history's ``Rational Movement'' (, harekat-e ʿaqlī), Adamiyat saw no conflict between normative judgement and claims to objectivity. Although predominantly published in Persian, he is often cited by Western scholars. His most famous book was Amir Kabir and Iran (Persian: Amīr Kabīr va Īrān) (one of several re-publications: Tehran: Kharazmi Publishing, 1975/1354).
Brian Barnes was educated at Ravensbourne College of Art and Design from 1961 to 1966 and the Royal College of Art 1966--1969. Based in Battersea, London since 5 February 1967, Barnes is noted for colourful, large-scale murals in Battersea and the London area, designed in collaboration with local groups. His most famous mural is The Good the Bad and The Ugly, also known as The Battersea Mural, at Battersea Bridge Road, designed in 1976 and painted by a group of local people from 1976 to 1978. The 276-foot mural was demolished in 1979 by the Morgan Crucible Company.
Ramiz Tafilaj (born May 6, 1949 in Lumnishta, Decani, Kosovo), is an Albanian-American businessman, activist, visionary and publisher. He acquired his higher education at the University of Zagreb and University of Houston, before becoming involved with hightech in oil and gas industries. Currently, he serves as president of Chemical Recovery Technology LLC and president and chairman of the board of Progressive Chemical Technology LLC. He is also head of Superior Computer Services in Houston, owns a publishing company Jalifat Group, and is the founder of Tafilaj Group LLC.
Leo Fishel (December 13, 1877 -- May 19, 1960) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball who played one game for the New York Giants in 1899. He also attended Columbia University and became a lawyer after his professional baseball career was over. Fishel stood at 6' 0`` and weighed 175 lbs.
William E. Forsythe was born on 22 August 1881 in Muskington County, Ohio. He received his bachelors degree from Denison University and went on to do his masters and PhD at the University of Wisconsin. He was awarded the honorary degree of doctor of science from Kenyon College in 1926. In 1924 he was appointed Director of the Nela research lab in Cleveland. During World War II he was associated with the Office of Scientific Research for Defense as well as the National Defense Research Council. He was elected member emeritus and fellow of the Illuminating Engineering Society. He served as president of the Optical Society of America from 1926 to 1927.
Simon Bainbridge had his first major break with Spirogyra, written in 1970 while he was still a student. This work displays a passion for intricate and sensuous textures that remain the hallmark of Bainbridge's style today. He was educated at Highgate School and the Royal College of Music. After graduating from the Royal College of Music, he studied with Schuller at Tanglewood; his fondness for American culture is occasionally portrayed in works such as Concerto in Moto Perpetuo (1983), which contains echoes of American minimalism, and the be-bop inspired For Miles (1994). In the 1990s his work took on a new expressive dimension such as in Ad Ora Incerta (1994) which earned him the prestigious Grawemeyer Award in 1997.
Charles H. Bennett (b. 1943) is an IBM Fellow at IBM Research. Bennett's recent work at IBM has concentrated on a re-examination of the physical basis of information, applying quantum physics to the problems surrounding information exchange. He has played a major role in elucidating the interconnections between physics and information, particularly in the realm of quantum computation, but also in cellular automata and reversible computing. He discovered, with Gilles Brassard, the concept of quantum cryptography and is one of the founding fathers of modern quantum information theory. Born in 1943 in New York City, he earned a B.S. in Chemistry from Brandeis University in 1964, and received his PhD from Harvard in 1970 for molecular dynamics studies (computer simulation of molecular motion) under David Turnbull and Berni Alder. For the next two years he continued this research under the late Aneesur Rahman at Argonne Laboratory.
Ian McKay is a Canadian historian at Queen's University, Kingston, Ontario, where he has taught since 1988. His primary interests are Canadian cultural and political history; the economic and social history of Atlantic Canada, especially Nova Scotia, in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries; and theory and historiography, particularly Canada as liberal order. McKay earned his BA and PhD from Dalhousie University under the supervision of Michael Cross. He also holds a Masters degree from the University of Warwick. Born in 1953, he is the younger brother of poet Don McKay. In 2009, McKay's Reasoning Otherwise: Leftists and the People's Enlightenment in Canada, 1890-1920 won the prestigious Sir John A. McDonald Prize, awarded by the Canadian Historical Association for the best book written in Canadian history the previous year.
Mayr-Harting was educated at Douai School and Merton College, Oxford (BA 1957, MA 1961, DPhil 1961). He was Lecturer in Medieval History at the University of Liverpool 1960-68. He then returned to Oxford to become Fellow and Tutor in Medieval History at St Peter's College from 1968 until 1997, when he was appointed Fellow Emeritus. From 1976 until 1997 he was also Lecturer in Medieval History at Merton College. He was Slade Professor of Fine Art for the academic year 1987-88 and in 1993 he was named University Reader in Medieval History. In 1997 he became the first Catholic and the first layperson to be appointed Regius Professor of Ecclesiastical History in the University of Oxford and consequently he became the first Lay Canon of Christ Church Cathedral. He retired from these positions in 2003.
Lynne Sachs (born August 10, 1961 in Memphis, Tennessee) is an American experimental filmmaker who makes films, videos, installations and web projects exploring the relationship between personal observations and broader historical experiences. She is known for weaving together poetry, collage, painting, politics and layered sound design. After graduating from Brown University and majoring in history, she developed an interest in experimental documentary filmmaking while attending the 1985 Robert Flaherty Documentary Film Seminar through a scholarship. There, she was particularly inspired by the works of Bruce Conner, who would later become her mentor, and Maya Deren. That same year, Sachs moved to San Francisco to attend San Francisco State University and later the San Francisco Art Institute. It was during this time that she studied and collaborated with Trinh T. Minh-ha, George Kuchar and Gunvor Nelson.
Alan Schriesheim was born in 1930 in Far Rockaway (Queens), New York. He graduated from Far Rockaway High School in 1948 where he played football. Schriesheim graduated from Penn State in 1954 with a Ph.D. in chemistry, having earned his bachelor's degree from The Polytechnic Institute of New York University (known then as Brooklyn Polytechnic Institute) in 1951. He was the first person in his family to attend college, his father had a 6th grade education and was a furntiture store manager.
Guy Walters was born in Kensington, London. A descendant of Richard Harris Barham and Edward Augustus Bond, he was educated at Cheam School, Eton College, Westfield College, University of London (now part of Queen Mary, University of London), and is studying for a PhD in history at Newcastle University.
Ms. Shelton was born to Beth Allene Judkins and Mack Ready, and was adopted by Hubert Haskell Shelton as a small child shortly after her mother remarried. Raised primarily in El Paso, Texas, she graduated from Austin High School in 1953. Ms. Shelton was married briefly to classmate Frank Grimmer while attending Texas Western College (now the University of Texas at El Paso). After divorcing and winning a contest to appear on a television game show, Ms. Shelton was offered a scholarship to the Pasadena Playhouse where her contemporaries included Oscar-winner Gene Hackman and Rue McClanahan. Ms Shelton was one of the last ``Hollywood Debutantes'' selected by the industry and presented at the Hollywood Debutant Ball by Joan Crawford and Bob Hope. While at Pasadena Playhouse, she met and married actor/director Carl J. Monson. In 1964, with Carl, she founded the Curtain Call Theater in North Hollywood. In addition to working in the theater throughout the 1960s, Ms. Shelton focused on her television career as Laura Shelton and her two children, Clay Monson born 1964, and Cristen Monson Susong born 1969. Her last stage appearance was as Elsa Schraeder in The Sound of Music starring Oscar-nominated Anne Blyth for Houston's Theatre Under the Stars in 1969. After her marriage to Monson ended in 1973, Ms. Shelton moved from California back to El Paso to provide a home for her children.
Louis Berger was born in Rheinpfalz, Germany in 1875, immigrated to the U.S. in 1880, and came to Ridgewood in 1892. He studied architecture at the Pratt Institute. He apprenticed with the prestigious architectural firm Carrere and Hastings. He opened his firm in Ridgewood in 1895.
Kieran Mulroney (born September 24, 1965) is an American actor known for his numerous television appearances. He is also a musician and screenwriter, along with his wife, Michele. He was born in Alexandria, Virginia, where he graduated from T. C. Williams High School. His brother is actor Dermot Mulroney.
Robin Kelley earned his Bachelor's degree from California State University, Long Beach in 1983. By 1987 he had earned his Master's in African history and doctorate in U.S. history from UCLA.
Robert Kingsley (1903-1988) was an American legal scholar and California judge. He graduated from the University of Minnesota, the University of Minnesota Law School, and Harvard Law School. A strong opponent of the Death penalty, Kingsley served as Dean of Law at the University of Southern California from 1952 to 1963, when he was appointed to the California Court of Appeals by Governor Pat Brown. The Robert Kingsley Professorship in law at USC, currently held by Susan Estrich, is named in his honor. In 1979 he was named Roger J. Traynor Memorial Appellate Justice of the Year.
William Tempest (born 19 December 1985) is a British fashion designer from Cheshire, England. He studied a National Diploma in Fashion at Mid Cheshire College. He then worked for Giles Deacon whilst studying at London College of Fashion where he gained a first class honours degree in womenswear design and then moved to Paris to work for Jean-Charles de Castelbajac before returning to London to set up his own label.
On March 5, 2001, fifteen-year-old Santana High student Charles Andrew Williams began shooting, killing two, and wounding thirteen. Bryan Zuckor, a fellow student, was the first killed, as he and another student were shot in the bathroom where Williams began. Williams then exited the bathroom and headed for the Santana High School quad, where he opened fire on surrounding students and faculty. There, he fatally shot another student, Randy Gordon, and wounded twelve others (ten students and two staff). Williams then returned to the bathroom where he later surrendered to the police.
Jones was appointed to the Georgia State Board of Technical and Adult Education in 1998 and served as vice-chairman from 2003-2005. He served on the adult literacy committee of DTAE and on the board until January 2007. He also serves on the board of trustees of his college alma mater, the University of West Georgia. In May 2006, the UWG booster club honored him with the establishment of the Rhubarb Jones Scholarship for needy and deserving students at the University of West Georgia.
Argeo Quadri (1911-2004) was an Italian conductor best known for his work with Italian and French opera. From 1957 he was largely resident at the Vienna State Opera. A native of Como, he graduated from the Milan Conservatory in 1933.
Tony Clarke (born 1944) is a Canadian activist. He grew up in Chilliwack, British Columbia, graduating from Chilliwack Senior Secondary School in 1962. He was class president. He studied at the University of British Columbia and did graduate work at the University of Chicago, obtaining a PhD in the history of religion. He presented a dissertation titled The Color Line and the American Metropolis: A Search for a Form of Ministry in the Aftermath of the Civil Rights Movement in Chicago (1974). After Chicago, he worked for the Canadian Conference of Catholic Bishops for 21 years, serving as Director of Social Policy.
Adrian Knight (born 1987 in Uppsala, Sweden) is a composer living and working in Brooklyn, New York. Between 2006 and 2009 he studied with Pär Lindgren and Jesper Nordin at the Royal College of Music in Stockholm, and between 2009 and 2011 with David Lang, Martin Bresnick and Ezra Laderman at the Yale School of Music in New Haven.
Zoe Crosher is an American artist and enthusiast. She is a graduate of California Institute of the Arts and the recipient of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art AHAN Award (Art Here and Now). She served as Associate Editor of Afterall Magazine.
Vali was born in 1949 in Mahabad, Iranian Kurdistan. He received his primary and secondary education in Tabriz. He obtained a BA in Political Science from the National University of Iran in 1973. He then moved to the UK to continue his graduate studies in modern political and social theory. He obtained an MA in Politics from the University of Keele in 1976. He then received his PhD in Sociology from the University of London in 1983. This was followed by a post-doctoral research fellowship funded by the Economic and Social Research Council in 1984. Abbas Vali began his academic carrier in 1986 in the Department of Political Theory and Government at the University of Wales, Swansea. He was invited by the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) to establish and lead a new university in Erbil in 2005. He was the Vice-Chancellor of the University of Kurdistan before he was removed for disagreements with the KRG over the management of the university in May 2008. Professor Vali has since been teaching Modern Social and Political Theory in the Department of Sociology at Bogazici University in Istanbul.
Bezaleel Taft, Jr. was a graduate of Harvard University and Harvard Law School in Cambridge. He returned to Uxbridge to practice law next door to his father Bezaleel Taft, Sr. He followed his father's footsteps, and his grandfather Josiah by serving as a legislator. Hon. Bezaleel Taft, Jr. had a long and distinguished career of public service as a state legislator, having served in the Massachusetts General Court and in the state Senate in the 1800s.
Stephen Campbell Moore was educated at Berkhamsted School in Hertfordshire (appearing locally in the Pendley Open Air Shakespeare Festival) and trained at Guildhall School of Music and Drama where he was awarded the prestigious 'Gold Medal' in his final year. He made his screen debut in Stephen Fry's Bright Young Things. He is primarily a screen actor. On stage he has performed with the RSC and the Royal National Theatre.
Bone attended Ayr Academy, a non-denominational secondary school, followed by the University of Glasgow, where he obtained an MA in 1968 and won a Snell Exhibition to study at Balliol College, Oxford from 1968 to 1972.
After his university education, Howard Henry Tooth studied at St Bartholomew's Hospital, achieving his MD in 1885.
Hanna Newcombe, co-founder of Peace Research Abstracts and Peace Research Reviews, was the recipient of the 1997 Pearson Medal of Peace and was elected a member of the Order of Canada in 2007 for her work in peace research and international relations. Newcombe was born Hanna Hammerschlag on Feb. 5, 1922 in Prague. She was the only surviving child of Arthur and Paula Hammerschlag (née Seger); an older brother, Georg, was killed in a tragic kitchen accident when he was a toddler. Her childhood and early adolescence were in Prague. When she was 17, the Nazis marched into Prague, prompting her Jewish parents to emigrate with her to Canada in 1939. Her father was able to obtain a visa through contacts made in the course of his business as an importer of grain. As a Canadian requirement of their immigration, the family managed a fruit farm near Grimsby, Ontario, for several years, moving to Toronto after the Second World War. Newcombe earned a B.Sc from McMaster University in 1945. She met her husband Alan George Newcombe at McMaster, and they then both went on to earn doctorates in chemistry from the University of Toronto.
Phil Porter (born 1977) is an English playwright, librettist and television writer, particularly known for his plays for young people. He is a graduate of the University of Birmingham.
Thomas Fanshawe was the second son of Sir Thomas Fanshawe, Queen's Remembrancer of the Exchequer, and first son of Joan Smythe, daughter of Customer Smythe and Fanshawe's second wife. As such he was half-brother of Henry Fanshawe. He was educated at Queens' College, Cambridge and admitted at the Inner Temple in 1595, becoming a barrister in 1606. He inherited his home, Jenkins in Barking, Essex, fron his father in 1601 and was knighted in 1624. He was an auditor fot the Duchy of Lancaster.
In 1945, Kapitolina Rumiantseva entered at the Tavricheskaya Art School, where she studied of George Shakh, Dina Rezanskaya, Valentina Petrova, and Mikhail Shuvaev. She graduated Art School in 1950.
Mark Seaman has over thirty years experience as an award winning television and radio presenter and producer, and has also acted professionally for much of that time. More recently he has found success as a playwright and director for the stage, with a number of his scripts being published and performed both at home and abroad. Further details of Mark's plays and career can be found at his website www.mark-seaman.com His acting credits include C4's ``Brookside'', and the cult '90s film, ``Human Traffic'', in which he appeared as reporter Jeremy Factsman. He has appeared in numerous stage productions and professional pantomimes, mainly as a dame! Mark also works successfully as a voice-over artist in film, TV, video and in the corporate sector. Additional broadcast credits include regular daytime programme presentation for both radio and TV with the BBC and for commercial broadcasters. Mark also spent some time in senior broadcast management and as programme controller/director for a number of stations, including Radio West, GWR, Metro Radio and Premier Christian Radio in London, where he also acted as launch director. Mark presented a successful ``Soul Music'' programme for the BBC to a number of stations regionally during the early 1990s. At Radio West he was the last voice heard on the station before it closed. Additionally, he has held the role of managing editor for the BBC at Radio Cleveland (Now Tees) in Middlesbrough, and was awarded both prestigious Sony and Gillard awards during this time. Utilising his years of drama, presentation and management experience, Mark also offers coaching for individuals and groups in encouraging greater self confidence in personal and business presentation along with team building sessions, events and away days. Further details about Mark can be found at www.mark-seaman.com and at Theatrebristol.net
Mimi Herbert earned her Bachelor of Science(1954--58) from the Syracuse University, School of Speech and Dramatic Art, Syracuse, New York, with specialization in ``Theater''. She received a Master of Arts (1958--61), in South Asia Regional Studies from the University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, specializing in ``Indian Art History''. Thereafter, she enrolled in the graduate sculpture program at the University of California, Berkeley, from 1962--64; studied drawing with the Spanish drawing master, Benjamin Saul, in San Salvador, El Salvador, from 1976--78; and attained Master of Fine Arts from the American University, Washington D.C. in 1983. She also went to Indonesia for research and field work in West Java from 1990 to 1995 for her book ``Voices of the Puppet Masters: The Wayang Golek Theater of Indonesia'', later published by the Lontar Foundation, Jakarta, and the University of Hawaii Press in North America in 2002. Other than living and working in the U.S.A., and Indonesia, she has traveled to India, Pakistan, Haiti, Brazil, El Salvador, and New Zealand. In 2006, selections from Mimi Herbert's collection of Wayang Golek puppets were included in the first Cress Gallery of Art academic season exhibition called ``Voices'' in The University of Tennessee, Chattanooga.
Emily Naphtal (born April 20, 1989 in Skokie, Illinois, USA) is an American figure skater who competes internationally for Mexico. She is the 2006 Mexican national silver medalist and multiple time Junior World and Four Continents competitor. She is coached by Suna Murray. She graduated from the Weston High School, Weston, Massachusetts, in 2007. She is a current senior at Harvard University, where she sings in the Harvard University Choir.
Kevin Saunderson was born in Brooklyn, New York. At the age of nine he moved to Michigan, where he attended Belleville High School in Belleville, a town some 30 miles from Detroit. In school he befriended Derrick May and Juan Atkins, both of whom had been born in Detroit but later moved to suburban Belleville.
Sophia Parnok was born in the city of Taganrog to a pharmacist's family. She studied at the Mariinskaya Gymnasium in 1894--1903, traveled through Europe and then studied at the Geneva Conservatory, although a lack of financial means made her return to Taganrog in 1904. She entered Saint Petersburg Conservatory in late 1904, but abandoned her studies and left again for Geneva, where she had her first experience as a playwright with the play The Dream. In June 1906, she returned to Taganrog. In 1907, she married Vladimir Volkenstein and moved to Saint Petersburg. In January 1909, Parnok divorced her husband and settled in Moscow.
Rob Kirkpatrick was born and raised in upstate New York. He received his Bachelor's from Rutgers University, his Master's degree from the State University of New York at New Paltz, and his Doctorate from Binghamton University. After graduate school, he began a career as an acquisitions editor in book publishing. He has published such authors as Kurt Loder, Sean Lahman, Linda Cohn, John Hemingway, Mark Oliver Everett of the Eels (band), Tom Ridge, and Gordon Thomas (author). In 2011, he acquired the publishing rights to a forthcoming memoir from marathon legend Bill Rodgers (athlete).
Keith Raywood was born in New York City, New York, and lived between there and Miami Beach, Florida, throughout his childhood. As a teenager, he attended The Dwight School and studied painting at The Art Students League of New York with Issac Soyer. In 1975, while enrolled at Cornell University for painting, he switched to architecture at the end of his freshman year, and then left for London to study at The Architectural Association School of Architecture. While there, he joined the unit that was tutored by architects Bernard Tschumi and Nigel Coates. In the spring of 1978, he traveled to the Soviet Union with Rem Koolhaas, along with Koolhass' other students and colleagues. Raywood credits his time at The AA as most inspiring and influential in his work, and it would later greatly inform his process, aesthetic, and ``Architectural'' style as a Production Designer.
Japan's Miyako Miyazaki is a fashion model and spokesperson in her country. She has earned her Bachelors of Arts degree from the Kumamoto University. She is skilled in writing Japanese calligraphy and has a passion for literature. She would like to share her interests in literature and education by establishing her own children's library which specializes in teaching calligraphy. She is also a successful commercial model for Renault, Nina Ricci and Mikimoto.
Donner studied English literature at Exeter College, Oxford and later entered business. He was elected at the 1931 election as Conservative MP for Islington West. This seat being marginal, Donner was selected for the safe Conservative seat of Basingstoke for the 1935 election, against the wishes of Conservative Central Office who preferred Sir Francis Lindley.The papers of Sir Henry Maxence Cavendish Drummond Wolff appear to indicate that Sir Oswald Mosley interviewed Patrick Donner to decide upon his suitability to serve as MP for the Basingstoke constituency, which had previously been held by two committed Fascists in Sir Henry MC Drummond Wolff and Viscount Lymington.2
Ildebrando Antoniutti was born in Nimis, the sixth of the seven children of Giuseppe and Anna (née Comelli) Antoniutti. Studying at the seminaries in Cividale and Udine, he accompanied Archbishop Antonio Anastasio Rossi of Udine during World War I on Rossi's frequent visits to military hospitals and to parishes in areas occupied by Austro-Hungarian forces. In November 1917 Antoniutti went to Rome, where he studied at the Pontifical Roman Seminary and Pontifical Lateran University (from where he obtained his doctorates in philosophy, theology, and canon law in July 1920).
Brenda Paik Sunoo graduated from University of California, Los Angeles with a B.A. in sociology; in 1999, she received her Master of Fine Arts in Creative Writing from Antioch University, Los Angeles.
Francesco Barbaro was a student at the University of Padua and studied under John of Ravenna, Gasparino Barzizza, Vittorino da Feltre, Guarino Veronese, and Giovanni Conversini.
Kathleen Bounds is the Chairwoman of the Berkeley County School Board in South Carolina. Bounds is currently up for re-election to a third term representing District 6 (includes Moncks Corner, Pinopolis, Macedonia, and Bonneau). Bounds graduated with honors from the University of Virginia. She is married to Dr. Charles W. Bounds and together they have two children: Katie, a teacher, and Tim, a senior at the University of South Carolina.
Bennie Blades and his brother Brian Blades attended Piper High School and played in the football program there.
Michael Ancram was born in London, and is of Scottish descent. He was educated at Ampleforth College, an independent school in North Yorkshire, followed by Christ Church at the University of Oxford (BA History 1966, MA), where he was a member of the Bullingdon Club, and the University of Edinburgh (LLB 1968).
He was born in the Rajput Gaharwar (Rathore) Royal Family of Manda to Raja Bhagwati Prasad Singh of Daiya and was later adopted by Raja Bahadur Ram Gopal Singh of Manda in 1936, whom he succeeded in 1941. V. P. Singh studied at Colonel Brown Cambridge School, Dehradun for five years, and entered local politics in Allahabad during the Nehru era. He married Rani Sita Kumari, born 1936 in Deogarh, Udaipur, daughter of Rawat Sangram Singh II of Deogarh on 25 June 1955. He soon made a name for himself in the state Congress Party for his unfailing rectitude, a reputation that he would carry with him throughout his career. Honored with ``Proud Past Alumni`` in the list of 42 members, from ''Allahabad University Alumni Association``, NCR, Ghaziabad (Greater Noida) Chapter 2007-2008 registered under society act 1860 with registration no. 407/2000.
Rick Shaw is a native of Oklahoma City, Ok, where he attended public school within the Putnam City School District and graduated from Putnam City West High School in 1974. His interest in photography began in high school as a photographer on the school's student newspaper, The Towne Cryer, and the yearbook, Patriot Profile. During his senior year, Shaw won first place as the state champion high school photographer in the Oklahoma Interscholastic Press Association annual competition. After graduating high school, he attended Central State University in Edmond, Ok (currently the University of Central Oklahoma), before transferring to the University of Missouri in 1976 to attend the School of Journalism. In 1978, he graduated with a Bachelor of Journalism degree in Photojournalism.
Peter Cushman Jones was born December 10, 1837 in Boston. His father was also named Peter Cushman Jones (1808--1885), and his mother was Jane MacIntosh Baldwin, whose grandfather Isaac Baldwin (1738--1775) died in the Battle of Bunker Hill. He traces his ancestry to several notable early Bostonians, including Thomas Dudley (1576--1653) and daughter Anne Dudley who married Simon Bradstreet. He was fourth of nine children. He was educated at the Boston Latin School in 1849. However, as he describes himself: As a scholar I was extremely dull, I never remember having been at the head of my class at school but have many times been at the other end of the class, the ``foot.'' Although his parents expected him to attend Harvard, he transferred to a less disciplined school briefly and then took a job instead in April 1852 (at the age of only 14). He would never go back to school. In 1857 he decided to leave, and planned to go west to Saint Paul, Minnesota. His father objected, so instead he left in June 1857 to Honolulu, since William Austin Whiting, the son of his employer, had been there. He arrived on October 2, 1857 with total assets of 16 cents.
Daniel Crosby Greene, (1843-1913) was the son of the Rev. David and Mary (Evarts) Greene, and was born February 11, 1843, at Roxbury, Massachusetts. Immediately after graduating, he went to Palmyra, Wisconsin, where he taught school until June 1865, at which time he removed to Waukegan, Illinois, where he taught for one year. In the Fall of 1866, having decided to study for the ministry, he entered the Chicago Theological Seminary, where he remained for one year. From April to June of 1867, he taught at Lake Forest Academy in Lake Forest, Illinois, before returning to New England. He then went to the Andover Theological Seminary, where he continued his studies until he graduated in July 1869. In November 1869, he sailed for Japan, as a missionary under the auspices of the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions. He was the first missionary of the American Board to Japan. He arrived at Tokyo in December 1869, and remained there until March 1870, when he went to Kobe, where he resided and labored until May 1874. The first church was organized at Kobe on April 19, 1874, with eleven members. In 1882 there were nineteen churches with one thousand members.
Martin J. Beckmann (Prof. Dr., 11.03.1924, Hildesheim, Germany) is professor for Economics and Applied Mathematics. He was professor at the University of Chicago, University of Yale and Brown University. He received honorary degrees from the University of Karlsruhe and the University of Umea. He was president of the European Regional Science Association and received the Regional Science Founders Medal in 1983. His research spans a wide field in spatial analysis and spatial economics, with a special focus on transport economics.
Luis Torres Nadal also stood out in the world of ballet. He was a student of William (Bill) Sarazen of the Puerto Rico School of Ballet. He also studied at the Ballet de San Juan Ballet Company. In New York he was a student at Joffrey Ballet and at the School of American Ballet. He founded the ''``Ballet Teatro de Puerto Rico```` theatrical ballet company. He taught dance and ballet at the Puerto Rico School of Dance and at the Julie Mayoral Academy of Dance.
Kenneth W. Harl is an American scholar, author, classicist and numismatist. He received an undergraduate degree from Trinity College, a PhD from Yale University, and has been Professor of Classical and Byzantine History at Tulane University in New Orleans since 1978.
Kevin Turcotte is a trumpet player based in Toronto, Canada. Turcotte is a graduate of the University of Toronto and the Banff School of Fine Arts. He has performed with Mike Murley and Rob McConnell and The Boss Brass, and has recorded with Barry Romberg (his playing was praised for its intuitiveness on All About Jazz). Turcotte is also on faculty at York University.
Howard was a younger son of Geoffrey Howard and Ethel Christian Methuen, and grandson of the 9th Earl of Carlisle and the 3rd Baron Methuen. He was educated at Eton and Balliol College, Oxford and fought in the Second World War with the Green Howards, being wounded in Burma. In 1952 Howard was appointed to the office of Justice of the Peace for Yorkshire
Alan Solomont serves on the boards of numerous organizations including the Boston Private Bank & Trust Company, Angel Healthcare Investors, LLC, Boston Medical Center, The Jewish Fund for Justice, The New Israel Fund, Israel Policy Forum, Jewish Community Housing for the Elderly, and the WGBH Educational Foundation. He chairs the Board of Combined Jewish Philanthropies of Greater Boston. He received an honorary degree from the University of Massachusetts Lowell.
After John Johnson left on a voyage in May 1817 Jane decided to leave him for Edward Ellerker Williams, whom she may have been introduced to by John. Williams was an Eton College graduate who had served in the Navy before becoming a lieutenant in the 8th Dragoons. Edwards had inherited enough money from his father, a military historian and descendant of Oliver Cromwell, to allow them to live comfortably. Although they never legally married, she became his common-law wife and began referring to herself as Mrs. Jane Williams. Their relationship initially drew disapprobation from their families, with Jane's brother and Edward's stepmother reproaching them for their decisions. Jane's brother later apologised, and declared Johnson a ``vile fellow''. Edward's stepmother, however, always resented Jane. Though long distance mail moved very slowly then, Jane and her husband exchanged angry letters shortly after she left him for Edward. When John returned to London in late 1818 he made no attempts to force Jane to return to him, although it was his legal right to do so.
His father, Samuel Endicott Peabody, was a Boston merchant and a partner in the London banking firm of J. S. Morgan and Company (later known as J.P. Morgan & Company). When Endicott Peabody was 13, the family moved to England. He prepared for university at Cheltenham College, a secondary school in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, finishing in 1876 at the age of 19. He was graduated from Trinity College, Cambridge, in 1880 with an LL.B. degree. He married his first cousin, Fannie Peabody, daughter of Francis and Helen (Bloodgood) Peabody of Salem, Massachusetts on June 18, 1885 in Salem. His father Samuel and her father Francis were brothers. They had six children.
George Tillman, Jr. (born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin) is an American film director and producer. He attended John Marshall High School in Milwaukee, where he took Mass Communications magnet classes. He graduated from Columbia College in Chicago in 1991 with a major in Film and Video.
Thomas Fitzgerald completed his Doctoral Thesis in Composition at the University of Wollongong in 2005. He also holds a Master of Music and Bachelor of Music (Hons) from Melbourne University. A graduate student of Indiana University and New York City, he returned to Australia after a period of study and professional activity in the USA. Educational appointments have included sessional lecturer at Melbourne University, Scotch College, Melbourne Grammar, M.L.C. Kew and Wesley College.
Pradeep Kar is an Indian businessman is chairman and managing director of a company which he founded in 1989. Microland is one of India's leading providers of outsourced infrastructure management and technical support services, employing more than 1,600 staff. Pradeep Kar is the 2006 President of the Bangalore chapter of TiE, The IndUS Entrepreneurs. He is an alumnus of the Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology, Nagpur.
Larry Gene Heien was born on January 18, 1937 in Mt. Olive, Illinois and grew up in Decatur, Illinois. His parents were Arthur F. and LaVetta Heien. In 1959 he received a B.S. Ed. degree in music from Eastern Illinois University. In 1967 he received the master degree in Slavic languages and in 1969 a double major PhD in Russian language and literature and higher education administration from Indiana University(doctoral thesis ``A psycholinguistic study in the organization and presentation of grammatical principles'').
James N. Purcell, Jr. was born in Nashville, Tennessee in 1938 and raised in Tennessee and Florida. He was educated at Furman University, and then at Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs at Syracuse University, from which he received an M.P.A.
Stephen Evans (born 27 November 1970) is a British actor and comedy writer in theater, film, radio and television. He graduated with a BA (Hons) degree in Theatre at Dartington College of Arts in Devon (1992--95).
Khurshid Ahmad attended the University of Karachi, where he graduated with a first class honors Degree in Physics, and then a first class honors Masters in Nuclear Physics in 1969. He then went on to the University of Surrey, where he received a doctorate in Theoretical Nuclear Physics in 1975. He was made a Chartered Engineer by the UK Engineering Council in 1989 and elected to the Fellowship of the British Computer Society in 2004. He was given a personal Chair in Artificial Intelligence at the University of Surrey (UK) in 1999 and was given the Chair of Computer Science (1973) at Trinity College, University of Dublin (Ireland) in 2005.
Prior to joining the Stanford faculty in 2004, Jon Krosnick was professor of psychology and political science at the Ohio State University, where he was a member of the OSU Political Psychology Program and co-directed the OSU Summer Institute in Political Psychology.
John Mitchell was born in 1711 in Lancaster County, Virginia to a relatively well off merchant and planting family. He went to Scotland to study at the University of Edinburgh, earning the M.A. in 1729, then studying medicine until 1731 but without receiving the M.D. He then returned to Virginia to practice medicine; by 1735 he had set up his practice at Urbanna. In his spare time he studied natural history and became known as a botanist. In 1745 Mitchell argued that a series of epidemics occurring in Virginia were due to unsanitary troop ships from Britain.
In 637, Xuanzang set out from Lumbini to Kusinagara, the site of Buddha's death, before heading southwest to the deer park at Sarnath where Buddha gave his first sermon, and where Xuanzang found 1,500 resident monks. Travelling eastward, at first via Varanasi, Xuanzang reached Vaisali, Pataliputra (Patna) and Bodh Gaya. He was then accompanied by local monks to Nalanda, the great Buddhist university of Indian state of Bihar, where he spent at least the next two years. He was in the company of several thousand scholar-monks, whom he praised. Xuanzang studied logic, grammar, Sanskrit, and the Yogacara school of Buddhism during his time at Nalanda. René Grousset notes that it was at Nalanda (where an ``azure pool winds around the monasteries, adorned with the full-blown cups of the blue lotus; the dazzling red flowers of the lovely kanaka hang here and there, and outside groves of mango trees offer the inhabitants their dense and protective shade'') that Xuanzang met the venerable Silabhadra, the monastery's superior. Silabhadra had dreamt of Xuanzang's arrival and that it would help spread far and wide the Holy Law. Grousset writes: ``The Chinese pilgrim had finally found the omniscient master, the incomparable metaphysician who was to make known to him the ultimate secrets of the idealist systems... The founders of Mahayana idealism, Asanga and Vasubandhu... Dignaga... Dharmapala had in turn trained Silabhadra. Siladhadra was thus in a position to make available to the Sino-Japanese world the entire heritage of Buddhist idealism, and the Siddhi Hiuan Tsang's great philosophical treatise...is none other than the Summa of this doctrine, the fruit of seven centuries of Indian Buddhist thought.''
Dick Monfort was the first of the two Monfort brothers. Dick graduated from the University of Northern Colorado, Greeley in 1976 with a bachelor's degree in Business Management. He joined Montfort of Colorado in 1974 as a cattle buyer. He then served as vice president federal cattle procurement from 1979--81, group vice president of cattle products 1983-1984 and executive vice president 1984-1987. When ConAgra bought Montfort of Colorado in 1987, Dick became president of ConAgra Red Meats. Dick also owns shares in the Hyatt Grand Champion Hotel of Palm Springs, the Hilltop Steak House in Boston, and other real estate ventures in Colorado. At the University of Northern Colorado, Dick serves on the board of trustees along with the board of directors at University of Colorado Hospital, Denver Zoo, and the Colorado Economic Development Board. Dick now resides in Greeley, Colorado with his wife Christine with their three children.
Bob Miller's family moved from Chicago, Illinois to Las Vegas, Nevada, and he graduated from Bishop Gorman High School in 1963 with honors. He graduated from the Santa Clara University in 1967, earning a degree in Political Science. Miller received his J.D. degree from Loyola Law School in Los Angeles, California.
Oliver Patterson Watts (1865--1953) was a professor of chemical engineering and applied electrochemistry at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison. Born in Thomaston, Maine, Watts received his bachelors degree from Bowdoin College. He was the first person to be awarded a Ph.D. in the field of chemical engineering at the University of Wisconsin, where he served as a professor until 1937. Watts is famously known for his development of the hot nickel plating bath known as the ``Watts Bath'' which he first described in a paper published in the year 1915.
Ivan Dias was born in Bandra, a suburb of Bombay, to Carlo Nazaro Dias (d. 1953) and Maria Martins Dias (d. 1991), both Indians of Portuguese origin; his father was undersecretary of the Home Department of the government of Maharashtra. The second oldest of four children, he has three brothers: Francis (a retired lieutenant general in the Indian military), Ralph, and Olaf (a doctor). After graduating from the Jesuit-run St. Stanislaus High School, he entered the seminary of the Archdiocese of Bombay and was later ordained to the priesthood by Valerian Gracias on 8 December 1958. He then did pastoral work in Bombay as curate at St. Stephen's Church until 1961, when he was sent to Rome to further his studies. He there attended the Pontifical Ecclesiastical Academy and the Pontifical Lateran University, from where he obtained a doctorate in canon law in 1964.
Deborah Walley was born in Bridgeport, Connecticut, to Ice Capades skating stars and choreographers Nathan and Edith Walley. She attended Central High School in Bridgeport. At fourteen she was playing summer-stock theatre. She studied acting at New York City's American Academy of Dramatic Arts. She began working on stage in the city and made her Hollywood film debut in 1961's Gidget Goes Hawaiian, a role for which she is most remembered. From then until 1974 she appeared in fifteen feature length films, including several of the ``Beach Party'' films produced by American International Pictures.
Cain Hope Felder is professor of New Testament Language and Literature and editor of The Journal of Religious Thought at the Howard University School of Divinity. He also serves as chair of the Ph.D. program and immediate past chair of the Doctor of Ministry program. He has been on Howard's faculty since 1981. Prior to coming to Howard, he taught within the Department of Biblical Studies (1978-1981) at Princeton Theological Seminary. Dr. Felder is an ordained Methodist minister within the United Methodist Church. From 1969-1972, Dr. Felder worked as the first national director of the United Methodist Black Caucus, then headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia. In 1990, he founded the Biblical Institute of Social Change (BISC), headquartered in Washington, DC. A prolific writer, his publications include True to Our Native Land (Augsburg Fortress, May, 2007), the first African American commentary on the New Testament; Troubling Biblical Waters: Race, Class, and Family (Orbis Books, 1989) -- 16th printing; and The Original African Heritage Study Bible (Winston Publishing Company, 1993). A world-renowned scholar, he is a sought-after lecturer, consultant and media interviewee. He has appeared in USA Today, The Washington Post, The New York Times and Ebony, and on BET, PBS and NBC. Dr. Felder holds a Ph.D. and a Master of Philosophy degree in biblical languages and literature from Columbia University in New York; a Master of Divinity from Union Theological Seminary in New York; a Diploma of Theology from Oxford University, Mansfield College in England; a Bachelor of Arts in philosophy, Greek & Latin from Howard University in Washington, DC; and a diploma from the Boston Latin School. He maintains dual residences in Washington, D.C. and in Mobile, Alabama, that he shares with his bride, Dr. Jewell. He is the father of one daughter, Miss Akidah Felder, a graduate of Spelman College and dual Master's student at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, Maryland.
Sue C. Payton was educated at Eastern Illinois University, receiving a B.S. in education in 1972. She later returned to school at the University of Southern California and earned an M.S. in systems acquisition management and systems technology in 1985.
Novelist Angela Lambert attended Wispers in the early 1950s and a fictionalised version of the school and its pupils and staff is presented in her 1990 novel, No Talking After Lights.
Vanderbilt has approximately 114,000 living alumni, with 31 alumni clubs established worldwide. Many Vanderbilt alumni have gone on to make significant contributions in politics, in the arts, and in the sciences. Michael Burry (M.D.) is founder of the Scion Capital LLC hedge fund and one of the first investors in the world to recognize and invest in the impending subprime mortgage crisis. Lamar Alexander (B.A. 1962) is a former Governor of Tennessee and a current U.S. senator; he filled the seat left vacant by the retirement of Fred Thompson (J.D. 1971). Two U.S. vice presidents, John Nance Garner and Al Gore, attended the university, but did not graduate. However, Gore's ex-wife, Tipper, is herself an alumna, receiving a master's degree from Peabody in 1975. Other alumni who are or have been involved in politics include former United States Supreme Court Associate Justice James Clark McReynolds (B.S. 1882); Congressmen Steve Cohen (B.A. 1971) and Ric Keller (J.D. 1992); David Boaz (B.A. 1975), Executive Vice President of the Cato Institute; and John R. Steelman (M.A. 1924), former White House Chief of Staff. In addition, Senator Theodore Bilbo attended both Peabody College and the Law School. Bill Frist, a cardiothoracic surgeon and former U.S. Senate Majority Leader, is a faculty member at Vanderbilt University Medical Center. The Prime Minister of Somalia, Abdiweli Mohamed Ali, (M.A. 1988) is an alumnus of Peabody College. Alain Connes, Fields Medalist, is a Distinguished Professor of Mathematics.
Nicholas Longworth attended the Franklin School, a school for boys in Cincinnati, and then went on to attend Harvard College (Class of 1891), where he was a member of Delta Kappa Epsilon (Alpha chapter) and the Porcellian Club. He was a talented, but not necessarily an industrious student; one friend wrote about him: ``His good head made it easy for him to get perfectly respectable marks without doing much of any work.'' After receiving his bachelor's degree from Harvard, he attended Harvard Law School for one year, but transferred to and received his law degree from Cincinnati Law School in 1894.
Patrick Bailey (born November 19, 1985 in Elmendorf, Texas) is an American football linebacker who is currently with the Tennessee Titans. He was signed by the Steelers as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He graduated in 2004 from Alamo Heights High School in San Antonio, Texas and played college football at Duke.
A graduate of the University of Manitoba, Constance Backhouse received her law education at Osgoode Hall Law School (University of Toronto), and Harvard University. She taught law at the University of Western Ontario, and has taught at the University of Ottawa since 2000.
Eshin Nishimura was born the youngest child of six siblings to a family of Rinzai practitioners. According to his own account, ``Blessed with a profound karmic relationship with the Buddha, I entered the priesthood at age two and left my parents to live in a Zen temple as a priestling.'' Nishimura graduated from Hanazono University from their Department of Buddhist Studies in 1956. In 1969 he came to Oberlin College to give talks on Zen, and in 1970 and 1971 he taught a course for ten weeks on Zen at Carleton College and another course at Carleton on Keiji Nishitani's Religion and Nothingness in 1989.
Suma Chakrabarti was educated at City of London School, New College, Oxford (BA in Philosophy, Politics, and Economics), and the University of Sussex (MA in Economics).
Arne Holmgren (born 21 December 1940) is a Swedish biochemist known as a redox pioneer. He studied medicine at Uppsala University in 1962 and became a medical student. He received his Ph.D. in 1968 from the Karolinska Institute where he became associate professor in 1969.
Cui Peng is a Chinese mainland actor, who was born in Jinan, Shandong. He hasn't revealed his birth year, so the public does not know his age. Judging from his acting years, he is around 30 years old. He graduated from Beijing Film Academy. He has acted in a number of teleplays and features in one movie. The most famous role he plays is Xiaobailong, in the teleplay-- Chizichenglong. It is also his first ever work. Although he doesn't have much experience, he acts very well. Many viewers take fancy to him because of this role. Another role-- Wuhua, in The Legend of Chu Liuxiang, is also very successful, which attracts a lot of audience members.
Joyce Chiang was one of four children and the only daughter of Taiwanese immigrants. She was born in Chicago and raised in Chicago and California. She graduated from the University of Chicago Laboratory Schools in 1988 and attended Smith College in Northampton, Massachusetts, where she served as president of the Student Government Association in her senior year and graduated in 1992.
James McLurkin (1972 - ) is an engineering professor at Rice University specializing in swarm robotics. He appeared on Nova on PBS. In addition, he is a winner of the 2003 Lemelson-MIT Prize and completed his Ph.D. in computer science in May 2008 at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory. He earned his master's degree in electrical engineering from the University of California at Berkeley.
Mitch Fatel (born Mitch Fertel in 1968 in Manhattan) is a stand-up comedian in New York. He was raised in Yonkers, New York and began doing stand-up at the age of 15. In 1988 Fatel attended NYU/Tisch School of the Arts and majored in Film and Acting Studies. Around this time Mitch was an intern on the Howard Stern show. When Mitch left the show he brought in a friend of his, John Melendez. John went on to take his place as intern and became known as ``Stuttering John''.
Etan Thomas played college basketball at Syracuse University from 1996--2000, where he averaged 11 points per game and almost 7 rebounds per game. His senior year he was named Big East Defensive Player of the Year. At the end of his Syracuse career, Thomas was drafted 12th overall in the 2000 NBA Draft by the Dallas Mavericks. He also played basketball at Booker T. Washington High School in Tulsa, OK, where he was a teammate of De'mond Parker, R.W. McQuarters and Ryan Humphrey.
Oeschger was born in Chicago, Illinois, one of six children of immigrants from Switzerland. In 1900 his family moved to Ferndale, California, where Joe's father bought of land and established a dairy ranch. Joe and his three brothers all attended Ferndale High School, where they played baseball. After high school, Joe attended and played baseball at Saint Mary's College of California, graduating in 1914.
Herbert Alden Pasche (July 19, 1910 -- May 9, 1986) was the first head coach of the Houston Cougars men's basketball team from 1946 to 1956. Pasche also served of as an assistant coach for the Houston Cougars football program as a line coach from 1946 to 1947. While at the university, Pasche served as an associate professor of health and physical education. Pasche was a 1932 graduate of Rice University where he played football as an end for the Rice Owls.
Rujjana Utaiwan was born in Bangkok, Thailand. she studied at Triam Udom Suksa School, then she finish Bachelor's Degree at Faculty of Law, Thammasat University and the Faculty of Business Administration in Ramkhamhaeng University. So now she finished of studied master's degree at the Faculty of Law in Chulalongkorn University. Currently, she is working on the Master's degree on Entertainment Management and Production at Bangkok University.
Guy Whatley was born in Aberystwyth, Wales, in the United Kingdom. Guy Whatley was educated at The University of Bristol, the Staatliche Hochschule für Musik und Darstellende Kunst, Stuttgart where his teacher was Ludger Lohmann, and at Arizona State University where he studied organ with Kimberly Marshall.
Theodore Dyke Acland was born on 14 November 1851 in Killerton, Devon, England. He was the third son of Sir Henry Wentworth Acland, 1st Baronet, and Sarah Cotton, and the grandson of Sir Thomas Dyke Acland, 10th Baronet. Acland was educated at Winchester College and Christ Church, the University of Oxford, as well as the University of Leipzig, the University of Berlin and St. Thomas' Hospital. He graduated from Oxford University with the degree of Master of Arts (MA).
Jeffrey Gold attended the U.S. Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland (class of '91). He left before the end of his first year (less than one hundred days from the ``Plebes no more'' ceremony at Herndon Monument) and transferred to the University of Utah where he completed his Bachelor's degree in pre-professional physics with a minor in mathematics. While an undergraduate, Jeffrey Gold published eight papers in mathematics and physics and worked as an undergraduate research assistant in thermoacoustics, magnetoencephalography, thin film sputtering and metal evaporation, and photoluminescence, and worked with mathematician Don H. Tucker on the problem of the Twin primes in Number Theory.
Although born in Puerto Rico, Christian Claudio was raised in Oklahoma, where he attended Putnam City High School and then University of Oklahoma, where he was a member of the Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity, and from where he graduated in 1995. He was Oklahoma State Taekwondo Champion in the Middle or Heavy weight division from 1988 until 1994. Christian also was on the Puerto Rican National Olympic Team as an alternate for 1996 Games in Atlanta and was the team Heavy Weight for the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney, Australia. Unfortunately, Christian was forced to resign from the team due to injury and retired from International Competition soon after.
John W. Tait (born 1945) is a British Edwards Professor of Egyptology at the Institute of Archaeology, University College London, and was the head of the department till 2010. He received his Ph.D in Egyptian and Greek Papyrology from the University of Oxford. His research focuses on Ancient Egyptian literature, including documents written in hieroglyphs, hieratic, Demotic, and Greek. He has also worked as a member of the Project for the Publication of the Carlsberg Papyri and the Egypt Exploration Society.
Frederik Ferdinand Helsted (born Copenhagen, March 18, 1809 - died there December 11, 1875) was a Danish painter and drawing master. He was the father of painter Axel Helsted, and the grandfather of composers Carl Helsted and Edvard Helsted. From 1834 to 1837 he studied at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts, and later travelled in Europe. He is buried at the Holmens Cemetery.
Ivan Lins was born in Rio de Janeiro. He spent several years in Boston, Massachusetts, while his father, a naval engineer, continued his graduate studies at M.I.T., studied at the Military College in Rio. He later received a degree in industrial chemical engineering from the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro. He considered a career in volleyball before discovering his considerable musical talent. Ivan Lins currently resides in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Malin was born in Joplin, Missouri in 1903, the son of a banker. He entered the family business at age ten, and was expected to eventually become president of the bank. However, Woodrow Wilson's World War I speeches gave him a desire to travel and get a government job. He attended the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School, graduating as valedictorian in 1924.
Preston Smith was born in Giles County, Tennessee. After being educated in a country school, he attended Jackson College in Columbia, Tennessee. Smith studied law, passed his bar exam, and established a practice in Columbia. He later moved to Waynesboro, Tennessee, and finally to Memphis, where his practice flourished.
Wendt was born in the Beverly neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois, the son of Loretta M. (née Howard) and George Robert Wendt, a navy officer and realtor. His maternal grandfather was photographer Tom Howard. He is of German and Irish descent. He attended Campion High School in Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin. He was expelled from the University of Notre Dame after a semester with a 0.00 GPA and later attended the Jesuit Rockhurst College in Kansas City, where he graduated with a B.A. in economics.
Kevin Young (born 8 November 1970 Lincoln, Nebraska) is an American poet and teacher of poetry. Young graduated from Harvard College in 1992, was a Stegner Fellow at Stanford University (1992--1994), and received his Master of Fine Arts from Brown University. While in Boston and Providence, he was part of the African-American poetry group, The Dark Room Collective. He is heavily influenced by the poets Langston Hughes, John Berryman, and Emily Dickinson and by the artist Jean-Michel Basquiat.
Duncan Lewis graduated from the Royal Military College, Duntroon in 1975. Following graduation, he was assigned to the Royal Australian Infantry Corps. He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of New South Wales and a Graduate Diploma in Defense Studies and Management from Deakin University. He attended the British Army Staff College, Camberley and the U.S. Army War College.
Rachel Vetter Huang was born in Edmonton, Canada, and spent her childhood in Chicago, Illinois, and Lexington, Massachusetts, where she studied violin with the Polish-American violinist Roman Totenberg, Professor of Music at Boston University. She spent summers at the Meadowmount School of Music as a pupil of Ivan Galamian. At 16, Huang received a full scholarship to Radcliffe College, Harvard University; while there she studied with noted American violin pedagogue Dorothy DeLay. During that time, Huang also attended the Aspen Music Festival and School and Tanglewood Music Festival on major scholarships. After graduating from Harvard, she continued music studies with an M.M. in violin performance at the Stony Brook University, and finished with a Doctor of Musical Arts in violin under the guidance of Isidore Cohen and Lazar Gosman, former concertmaster of the Leningrad Philharmonic. Huang did postdoctoral work at Brandeis University with Robert Koff, original second violinist of the Juilliard String Quartet.
Victor E. Engstrom came from Montclair, New Jersey He was an Army veteran of World War II with the rank of colonel and served in military intelligence. He graduated from Lehigh University in 1936. He retired as president of a major building firm founded by his father.
Raffaele Rubino (born 9 January 1978) is an Italian footballer who plays for Novara in the Italian Serie A. He played over 150 matches at Prima Divisione and over 100 matches at Seconda Divisione.
Riitta Nikula (born Helsinki 1944) is a Finnish art historian, author and professor emeritus in art and architecture history at the University of Helsinki. She obtained her PhD from the University of Helsinki in 1981 with a study of the architecture of the Töölö region of Helsinki. She was Professor of Art History at the University of Helsinki from 1994 to 2007. Nikula also acted as Head of Research at the Museum of Finnish Architecture from 1988 to 1994. Nikula is regarded as a generalist historian of Finnish architecture, with her writings covering a time-span from prehistoric times to the present day. But she also combines two potentially contradictory viewpoints, a feminist viewpoint and a pro-bourgious viewpoint, highlighting the elevated position of the ruling middle classes in creating aesthetically valuable architecture.
John Craven was educated at Pinner County Grammar School, then King's College, Cambridge where he read Mathematics and Economics and then took up a Kennedy Scholarship to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Russell Lissack and Kele Okereke first met in 1998 in Essex. Lissack had attended Bancroft's School, while Okereke attended Ilford County High School, then Trinity Catholic High School, Woodford Green for sixth form. They bumped into each other again in 1999 at Reading Festival and decided to form a band. Bassist Gordon Moakes joined after answering an advert in NME, and drummer Matt Tong joined after an audition. After going through a variety of names, such as Union, Superheroes of BMX, The Angel Range, and Diet, the band settled on Bloc Party in September 2003, a play on block party. The band has said that the name was not intended to be an allusion to the Soviet Bloc or the Canadian political party Bloc Québécois. However, Moakes said on the group's official Internet forum that it was more a merging of the eastern ``Blocs'' and the western ``parties'', in the political sense. He also notes that the name was not explicitly driven by politics, but rather it ``looked, sounded, seemed fine so we went with it.''
Rhodes attended Baldwin High School in Milledgeville, Georgia and was a student and a letterman in football. In football, he was a Class 5A All-State selection. Reggie Rhodes graduated from Baldwin County High School in 2001.
Ortman was born in Oakland, California. His father was an electrician who learned his trade from his father, George Earl Ortman, who worked with Thomas Edison in Chicago in the late nineteenth century. His mother, born Anna Katherine Noll, was born in Frankfurt Au Main, Germany. She came to the United States in 1914 to work as governess for the mayor of San Rafael, California. After completing high school, Ortman enlisted in the United States Naval Air Corps V-5 program. Upon his discharge in 1946, he studied at the California College of Arts and Crafts (now the California College of the Arts) (1947--1948). After several years, he moved to New York City where he studied at the Atelier 17, a printmaking school founded by the English painter and printmaker Stanley William Hayter (1949). Later that year, he left for Paris where he studied at the Atelier André Lhote (1949--50). Upon his return to New York CIty he studied at the Hans Hofmann School of Fine Arts (1950--51).
James Wardell attended University College, Durham University and after graduating in Geography (BSc Hons) moved from his home town of Sutton Coldfield to start work as an advertising executive in 2001 at the global advertising agency Saatchi & Saatchi London. In 2005, he moved to Barcelona, Spain and began working as a freelance photographer. In 2008, Wardell covered his first overseas assignment in Afghanistan working with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime. He has documented a variety of conflicts and social issues, spending time in Afghanistan, The Bahamas, India, Italy, Northern Africa, Iberian Peninsula, United States of America shooting pictures of war, social unrest, poverty, and images of socio-political issues (pollution, crime and punishment) in Western Europe and Central Asia. He is single and currently lives in Barcelona.
Peel was born in Bury, Lancashire, England, United Kingdom to the industrialist and Member of Parliament Sir Robert Peel, 1st Baronet. His father was one of the richest textile manufacturers of the early Industrial Revolution. Peel was educated first at Hipperholme Grammar School, then at Harrow School and finally Christ Church, Oxford, where he took a double first in classics and mathematics. He is also believed to have attended Bury Grammar School. While living in Tamworth, he is credited with the development of the Tamworth Pig by breeding Irish stock with some local Tamworth pigs.
Ray Aston was born in the Sydney suburb of Waverley, the son of William Aston, who was Speaker of the Australian House of Representatives 1967--72. Having attended Waverley College, Ray graduated from the University of Sydney, becoming an orthodontist. In 1986, he was selected as the Liberal candidate for a by-election to be held in the state seat of Vaucluse, which was being vacated by Liberal Deputy Leader Rosemary Foot. Aston was easily elected, gaining over 70% of the vote, with Labor not contesting the by-election and his nearest rival, the Democrats, polling just over 10%. At the 1988 state election Aston was comfortably re-elected, but he died in Sydney later that year.
Eliot was the son of Sir John Eliot of Port Eliot. He was educated at Blundell's School in Tiverton and at Lincoln College, Oxford. He travelled in France in 1631 and 1632 and succeeded to an estate of £1,500 per annum on the death of his father in 1632.
April Capone was born, raised and educated in East Haven. She received her MBA from Southern Connecticut State University. She married in 1999 to Regan Almon.
Willie Ripia (born 20 August 1985) is a rugby union player for the Western Force in the Super 15 competition. He plays as a first five-eighth. He was born in Murupara, New Zealand. Ripia attended Rotorua Boys' High School.
Peter Beets was born on the 12th of June, 1971 in The Hague. From birth he was surrounded by music: classical from his mother who is a music pedagogue, and jazz from his father who is a gynaecologist with a great love of Oscar Peterson and Art Blakey. This musical family, which includes two older brothers, Marius and Alexander, moved in 1972 to Groenlo, where Peter received his first piano lessons at the age of six. Although originally both parents did not associate the word ``musician'' with the word ``career'', music is definitely in the family's blood. Both Marius (1966) and Alexander (1968) become professionals on string bass and tenor saxophone, respectively. After college, Peter studied from 1989 at the Royal Conservatory of The Hague. He combined his music studies with law school, but the jazz virus matured and he decided to concentrate exclusively on music.
Sandra Schaeffer (Bergeson), born in 1946, is a singer, author and game inventor, and a 1968 graduate of North Central College in Naperville, Illinois. Sandra is famous in her earlier adult years for having replaced Madeline Kahn in the late 1960s off-Broadway musical phenomenon, Promenade, which later went on to become a cult classic in Broadway circles. She was one of the first college students ever to be hired into the chorus of the Lyric Opera of Chicago (before the College programs that are now offered there) as an alto and then went on to The NYC Opera of Lincoln Center as a Soprano. She was specially chosen amongst a small group of women from the NYC Opera to sing in a Spanish ``Zarzuela'' at City Center directed by Tito Copobianco. She was selected as a finalist for the lead in Broadway's Man of La Mancha & Two by Two by Richard Rogers.
According to psychiatrist Robert Spitzer, NLP originated when Richard Bandler, a student at the University of California, Santa Cruz, was listening to and selecting portions of taped therapy sessions of the late Gestalt therapist Fritz Perls as a project for Robert Spitzer. Bandler said that he recognized particular word and sentence structures which facilitated the acceptance of Perls' therapeutic suggestions. Bandler then approached John Grinder, then a linguistics lecturer. According to Clancy and Yorkshire (1989), Bandler and Grinder say that they studied Perls's utterances on tape and observed a second therapist, Virginia Satir, to produce what they termed the meta model, a model for gathering information and challenging a client's language and underlying thinking.
In the early 1970s, Richard Bandler was invited by Bob Spitzer, owner of Science and Behavior Books, to attend training by Fritz Perls and Virginia Satir, and was later hired by Spritzer to assist, transcribe and edit recordings of Perls for a book. Just before Fritz Perls died he completed the first draft of The Gestalt Approach which he gave to Robert Spitzer. Bandler helped Spitzer edit this draft and also listen to recordings of Perls working with clients which were transcribed for a second book titled, Eye Witness to Therapy. At the time, Bandler was an undergraduate student at University of California, Santa Cruz, and had begun running Gestalt therapy workshops to refine his skills. While at UCSC, Bandler invited assistant professor of linguistics Dr. John Grinder to observe his Gestalt workshops, to help build an explicit model of how Bandler (and Perls) did Gestalt therapy. Grinder used his knowledge of transformational grammar, and starting with Perls and moving to leading family systems therapist Virginia Satir, the two collaborated to produce several works based on these exceptional psychotherapists of the time.
Juliet Law Packer is an American television writer. She graduated from Princeton University - 1974 and received a master's degree in film and television from Northwestern University - 1977. She attended New Trier High School - 1970.
Jeff Seemann is an American politician of the Democratic Party. He ran in 2004 for Ohio's 16th Congressional District against Republican incumbent Ralph Regula. The 16th District includes the city of Canton, Ohio, and overlaps portions of Stark, Wayne, Medina, and Ashland counties. Seemann received support from the Internet organizations Democracy for America and the weblog Daily Kos. In November, 2004 he was defeated 67% to 33%.
Barry Keene received his Bachelor of Arts degree from Stanford University and his law degree from Stanford Law School. He became a member of the California Bar in 1966, and accepted a legal position as a Sonoma County Deputy District Attorney in 1968. In 1968 he successfully won his first election to the Rincon Valley School Board. Two years later he won the Democratic nomination for the 2nd Assembly District which included the counties of Del Norte, Humboldt and Mendocino Counties, Lake County and a portion of Sonoma County. In the 1970 General Election he tried to unseat longtime Republican Assemblyman Frank P. Belotti. However, Keene lost his first race in a narrow election. Keene successfully ran again for the Assembly in 1972 following the unfortunate death of Assemblyman Belotti.
Mike Henry and his younger brother Patrick were born to artist parents and raised in Richmond, Virginia. Henry's parents divorced when he was eight years old and he was primarily raised by his mother. He attended Collegiate School (Richmond, Virginia) where he liked to imitate pitcher Walter Johnson during varsity baseball game warm-ups. He later attended Washington and Lee University. While his brother Patrick was attending the Rhode Island School of Design, Henry acted in Patrick's short films and met Seth MacFarlane.
Quincy Stewart (born March 27, 1978 in Tyler, Texas) is a former American football and Canadian football player. He played college football at Louisiana Tech University and high school football at John Tyler High School.
William Hamilton Fyfe was born in Kensington, London in 1878. He attended Fettes College in Edinburgh, Scotland. He then went on to Merton College, University of Oxford, where he graduated with a double first in classics. He taught at Radley College from 1901 to 1903. He then returned to Merton to teach for 15 years. He married Dorothea White in 1908; the couple had three children, Maurice, Margaret, and Christopher.
She was winner of the International Competition for Composers arranged by Radio/TV Berlin-Brandenburg in 2006. In the same year Ms. Eyck published her original theremin method book entitled, ``The Art of Playing the Theremin'', and has since conducted workshops, lectures and Masterclasses in Germany, Sweden, Poland, Great Britain, the United States of America, Mexico and Japan. In 2010, Carolina Eyck received her Bachelor of music degree in viola at the Royal College of Music, Stockholm, Sweden.
Ahmad was born on April 26, 1932 in Hisar (a district of East Punjab, now a part of Haryana) in India, the second son of a government servant. He graduated from King Edward Medical College (Lahore) in 1954 and later received his Master's degree in Islamic Studies from the University of Karachi in 1965. He came under the influence of 'Abul Ala Maududi' as a young student, worked briefly for Muslim Student's Federation in the Independence Movement and, following the creation of Pakistan in 1947, for the Islami Jamiat-e-Talaba and then for the Jamaat-e-Islami. Ahmad resigned from the Jama`at in April 1957 because of its involvement in the electoral politics, which he believed was irreconcilable with the revolutionary methodology adopted by the Jama'at in the pre-1947 period.
David A. Levinson is an American soap opera writer, originally from Falmouth, MA. He is a 1997 graduate of Emerson College in Boston. http://www.emerson.edu/news/emersonians_in_the_news.cfm?editionID=149
James Chapman (born 2 November 1979) is an Australian World Rowing Championships, Olympic Games rower and an international man of mystery. He attended Newington College where he was coached by olympian and fellow Old Newingtonian Michael Morgan OAM. In 1997 he was a member of the Newington Head of the River winning 1st VIII. He was a reserve in the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, came 4th in the 2003 World Championships, 2nd in the 2000 U23 World Championships 2000, 1st in the King's Interstate Cup 2004 (breaking the NSW drought of 20 years), 2008, 2010 and 2011 and 4th in the World Championships 2006 in the men's eight. He rowed for Australia in the men's eight at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.James was a silver medalist in the 2011 World Rowing Championships rowing in the coxed pair.
Chai-Sik Chung (July 14, 1930 in Wonju, Korea) is a notable American social ethicist and sociologist of religion. He studied under Walter George Muelder at the Boston University School of Theology, where he has been the Walter G. Muelder Professor of Social Ethics since 1990. He also studied under Robert N. Bellah at Harvard Divinity School with whom he has been long associated. As a scholar of comparative religious ethics, he has been a pioneer in the study of social and ethical problems arising from East Asia's modern transformation. He has published widely in both Korean and English, on social and ethical issues involving globalization and encounters between civilizations, particularly those between Korea, East Asian religious traditions and Christianity. His publications include A Korean Confucian Encounter with the Modern World; Korea, Religious Tradition, and Globalization; Consciousness and History: Korean Cultural Tradition and Social Change; Korean Religion and Society Under Challenge: Continuity and Change; and The Clash between Korean Confucianism and Modern Western Civilization.
Rob LaZebnik is a television writer. He graduated from David H. Hickman High School in Columbia, Missouri and Harvard University. He currently works as a co-executive producer on The Simpsons and is credited with having written five episodes: ``Treehouse of Horror XI'' (the ``G-G-G-Ghost D-D-D-Dad'' segment), ``Homer vs. Dignity'', ``Father Knows Worst'', ``Boy Meets Curl'', and ``The Blue and the Gray''. He co-created the Macromedia Flash cartoon series Starship Regulars on Icebox.com, and it was picked up by television network Showtime but never aired. He then co-created the series Greetings from Tucson, which aired for one season on The WB. LaZebnik has also been credited with writing episodes of Monk, The War at Home, Less Than Perfect, The Ellen Show and Empty Nest.
Sir Ian Brownlie, CBE, QC, FBA (19 September 1932 -- 3 January 2010) was a British practising barrister, specialising in international law. After an education at Hertford College, Oxford, he was called to the Bar by Gray's Inn in 1958 and was a tenant at Blackstone Chambers from 1983 until his death on 3 January 2010.
Michael Jacob was born in Oulart, County Wexford in 1980. He was born into a family that had a strong association with Gaelic games, as his father, Mick Jacob, won both Leinster and All-Ireland medals in hurling with Wexford. Jacob was educated locally and later attended Enniscorthy CBS. It was here that his skill at the game of hurling was developed and he won an All-Ireland ``B'' Colleges' medal with the school. Jacob later studied at the Waterford Institute of Technology, where he won two Fitzgibbon Cup medals.
Anton Buttigieg was born in Qala, Gozo, on February 19, 1912, the third child of Salvatore and Concetta (née Falzon). He was educated at the Government Primary School, Qala (1916--1922), the Gozo Seminary (1923--1927), St Aloysius' College Malta (1928--1930) and the University of Malta, where he graduated Bachelor of Arts in 1934 and Doctor of Laws in 1940.
Paul Kogerman was born into a sailor's family. In 1913, he was graduated from the Alexander Gymnasium in Tallinn (Reval). Starting in 1913, he studied at the University of Tartu, graduating from its Department of Chemistry in 1918. In 1919--1920 he got a state scholarship to study at the Imperial College London.
The Rev'd Dr. A. Katherine Grieb has taught New Testament at Virginia Theological Seminary since 1994. She has also taught at Bangor Theological Seminary in Maine.
Peter Pugh, a British author, was educated at Oundle and Churchill College, Cambridge, where he read history. After graduating he heald several marketing positions with shuch companies as Gillette Idustries.
Kate Gale was born in Binghamton, New York to Stephen Gale and Evadene Swanson. She graduated with a B.A. in English from Arizona State University. She received an M.A. in English with a creative writing emphasis from California State University Northridge in 1990 and a Ph.D. in English from Claremont Graduate University in 2003.
Lynne Taetzsch (born 1941, East Orange, New Jersey) is an abstract painter and writer working out of her studio in Ithaca, New York, since 2000. She studied fine art at Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science and Art (1961--63), the University of Southern California (1959--60) and the University of California (1966). She received a B.A. in English from Rutgers University in 1971, an MA in Creative Writing from San Diego State University in 1988, and a PhD in Creative Writing from Florida State University in 1992.
He is of Italian descent. Daniel DeSanto is well known for his role in Mean Girls in 2004, however, his claim to fame is stemmed from the TV show Are You Afraid of the Dark? in which he played Tucker. Daniel attended Martingrove Collegiate Institute and graduated in 1999. After attending MCI, he then attended Ryerson University for Film Studies.
Ancient artistic traditions have been manifested in native craft for generations; an important acknowledgement for understanding the inherent aesthetic allure of this area to the Anglo-American artists. Making paintings with oil and watercolor was a new form of art to the Taos Pueblo who traditionally painted objects such as hides or inside buildings, such as on the walls of a kiva, but one embraced by artists such as Albert Looking Elk, Albert Lujan, Juan Mirabal and Juanito Concha. They provided artwork that was realistic of the Native American lifestyle in contrast to the work of Anglo-Americans romantic depictions. Traditional design elements were formalized at the Santa Fe Indian School, defining authentic Native American art. Juanita Suazo Dubray, a lifelong resident of Taos Pueblo, is a Native American potter. In 1980, at the age of 50, Dubray began making micaceous pottery, upholding the tradition of her mother and their ancestors. Dubray added an element of sculptural relief with icons of corn, turtles, lizards, and kiva steps in relief; Her original corn design her most recognized symbol. Lori ``Pop Wea'' Tanner (d. 1966) was also a noted potter from Taos Pueblo Pop Chalee, also known as Merina Lujan and ``Blue Flower'' (1906--1993), was the daughter of a man from the Taos Pueblo and an East Indian mother. In the 1920s she attended the Santa Fe Indian School and in the 1930s Dorothy Dunn's studio of the same school. Multi-talented, Chalee was a muralist and art instructor; she also worked in radio and the film industry.
At the 2008 Edinburgh Festival Fringe he played at the Assembly Rooms with the show Alun Cochrane. Owner of a shed. And a son. Thinks the world is wonky.
Altham was descended from Christopher Altham of Girlington, in the West Riding of Yorkshire. He was the third son of James Altham of Mark Hall, Latton, in Essex, Sheriff of London in 1557, and sheriff of Essex in 1570, by Elizabeth Blancke, daughter of Thomas Blancke of London, haberdasher, and sister of Sir Thomas Blancke, who was Lord Mayor of London in 1583. Altham was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge, entered Grays Inn in 1575 and was called to the bar in 1581.
In 2004, Gillian Wearing received an Honorary Doctorate from the University for the Creative Arts; in 2007, Henry Bond received a Doctorate from University of Gloucestershire; in 2007, Tracey Emin received Honorary Doctorates from the Royal College of Art and London Metropolitan University; in 2010, Fiona Banner received an Honorary Doctorate from Kingston University.
Wallace started his coaching career as a graduate assistant at Mississippi State University in 1976. The following season, he joined Hall of Fame coach Pat Dye's staff at East Carolina to coach defensive backs. He followed Dye to Wyoming and Auburn, before returning to his alma-mater Mississippi State as defensive coordinator. During his tenure at Auburn, Wallace was noted for recruiting standout running back Bo Jackson. In 1987, he coached defensive backs at Illinois.
Leonard Sucher grew up in a large family of Jewish immigrants from the town of Horodenka in the Austro-Hungarian Empire. His father Moses, a tailor, died when he was six. His mother sold cigarettes and candy on the Lower East Side. He graduated from the High School of Commerce, where his classmates included Lou Gehrig. He graduated from the City College of New York and was in the first class of graduates from St. John's University School of Law. He was admitted to the New York State bar in 1929, and practiced law for five years.
Ouyang Zhongshi( simplified Chinese: 欧阳中石 pinyin:Ōuyáng ZhōngShí ) is a famous Chinese calligrapher. He is currently director of Chinese Calligraphers Association and associate professor in Capital Normal University. Graduated from high school, Ouyang Zhongshi studied at Fu Jen Catholic University which merged into Beijing Normal University in 1952. A year later, he transferred to Philosophy Department of Peking University. His tutor was the famous Chinese philosopher and logician, Jin Yuelin. After graduated from Peking University in 1954, he started his teaching career in middle schools. In 1982, he was transferred to Beijing Teachers`` School, which now is Capital Normal University, to teach calligraphy.
Elizabeth Gill Lui, daughter to U.S. Air Force Colonel Richard M.Gill and Shirley Squire, spent her early childhood migrating with her father's military assignments in the Air Force Weather Service from Alaska to Wiesbaden, Germany; Washington, D.C. to Alabama, and by middle school, Colorado Springs, Colorado. She attended Marymount International School London, a Catholic girl's boarding school, in the fifth and sixth grades; Cheyenne Mountain High School in Colorado Springs; graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Colorado College with a degree in comparative religion; pursued American Indian Studies at Denver University; and studied architectural photography at Harvard College Graduate School of Design in a program headed by Ezra Stoller.
Mikhail Wehbe was born in Damascus in 1942. He graduated from the Lebanese University with a Bachelor of Arts in Political Sciences and Public Administration. He also holds a Ph.D. in International law from Sofia University, Bulgaria. He has excellent command of four languages, Arabic, English, French and Bulgarian.
Dr. Nigel Lockyer is a Professor of Physics at the University of Pennsylvania and Director of TRIUMF. He was educated at York University in Toronto, Canada.
Leon baron Bekaert (born 1958) is a Belgian businessman. He started his career in 1983 as Managing Partner of Pauli Philippines (Manila) and in 1984 transferred in 1984 to P.T. LVD Indonesia as Managing Director. In 1987 he joined the Bekaert Group as Sales Manager Bekaert Hong Kong and in 1989 he was appointed as Strategic Project Manager and in 1991 Product Manager Fencing Products. Leon Bekaert left the Beakert Group in 1994 and became a member of the Board. He holds a degree in Applied Economics from the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven (1983) and obtained an MBA at the IMI in Geneva in 1987. With an estimated fortune of 761 million euro he is one of the wealthiest people in Belgium.
Hattie McDaniel was born June 10, 1895, in Wichita, Kansas, to former slaves. She was the youngest of 13 children. Her father, Henry McDaniel, fought in the Civil War with the 122nd USCT and her mother, Susan Holbert, was a singer of religious music. In 1900, the family moved to Colorado, living first in Fort Collins and then in Denver, where Hattie graduated from Denver East High School. Her brother, Sam McDaniel (1886--1962), played the butler in the 1948 Three Stooges`` short film Heavenly Daze. Another acting sibling of Hattie and Sam was actress Etta McDaniel.
Elizabeth Chater received a B.A. from the University of British Columbia and an M.A. from San Diego State University, and joined the faculty of the latter in 1963.
In 1988, shortly before the Oscar ceremony, Hasford was charged for theft after campus police from California Polytechnic State University in San Luis Obispo, California, found nearly 10,000 library books in his rented storage locker. At that time, he had 87 overdue books and five years of the magazine Civil War Times checked out from the Cal Poly-SBO library; the materials were valued at over $2,000. Hasford's book collection included books borrowed (and never returned) from dozens of libraries across the United States, and from libraries in the United Kingdom and Australia. Others were allegedly taken from the homes of acquaintances. Among them were 19th-century books on Edgar Allan Poe and the American Civil War. He had obtained borrowing privileges at Cal Poly-SBO as a California resident, but submitted a false address and Social Security number. In 1985, he had borrowed 98 books from the Sacramento, California public library, and was wanted for grand theft there. Hasford initially denied the charges, but eventually admitted possession of several hundred stolen books, and pled Nolo contendere (``no contest'') to possession of stolen property. He was sentenced to six months imprisonment (of which he served three months), and promised to pay restitution from the royalties for his future works. Hasford claimed that he wanted the books to research a never-published book on the Civil War. He described his difficulties as ``a vicious attack launched against me by moral majority fanatics backed up by the full power of the Fascist State.''
Daniel Bukvich earned his Master of Music from the Lionel Hampton School of Music. He is now a Professor of Percussion and Music Theory at the LHSOM.
Jack, who received his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1977 from Kent State University, recently marked his thirteenth year as Outdoors Editor of the Kent/Ravenna Record-Courier, as the company TV shoots and popular Ohio multi-species instructional fishing videos now account for the bulk of their time. Clearly, when it comes to the outdoors and the appreciation thereof, Jack Kiser, now 57, remains a figure who loves to be told something ``can't be done.''
Kazys Almenas attended the University of Nebraska and Northwestern University. Between 1965 and 1967, he studied at the University of Warsaw and received a doctorate in physics. Almenas was teaching at the University of Maryland.
Rear-Admiral John Hayes, CB (1767 or 1775 -- 7 April 1838) was a prominent British Royal Navy officer of the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries. Hayes was best known for his skill at seamanship and his interest in the design and construction of naval vessels, beginning with his childhood education at Deptford Dockyard where his uncle Adam was a master shipbuilder. During his naval service he participated in the first and the last significant frigate actions of the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars, from the inconclusive engagement between Embuscade and HMS Boston in 1793 and the capture of USS President in 1815. After the war's end, Hayes was appointed as superintendent of HMNB Devonport and later was commander in chief off West Africa.
R. Williams Parry was born in Talysarn, in Dyffryn Nantlle, a first cousin to T.H. Parry-Williams and Sir Thomas Parry. He later studied in Aberystwyth for two years and left without any qualifications, but became a primary school teacher for some period of time. In 1907 he returned to his studies in Bangor University and earned his grades in 1908. He continued to work as a teacher and later became involved in Bangor University itself.
Andrea Robinson (born 1964) (aka Andrea Immer and Andrea Immer Robinson) is Dean of Wine Studies at the French Culinary Institute, where she graduated with honors from its professional culinary program, a master sommelier, and a chef. A graduate of Southern Methodist University, she is one of only 14 women in the world who have been made Master Sommelier by the Court of Master Sommeliers. She was named the James Beard Foundation Wine and Spirits Professional of the Year in 2002.
Islah Jad (born 1951) is a tenured Assistant Professor of Gender and Development at Birzeit University. She is also the co-founder and current Director of the Institute of Women's Studies at Birzeit and a Core Group Member of the Arab Families Working Group. A prominent figure in the Territories Palestinian women's movement), Jad also helped to establish the Women's Affair Centre in Gaza and Nablus, Les Amies du Francis, the Child Corner project in el-Bireh, and the WATC (Women's Affairs Technical Committee). Jad carried out Gender Consultancy for the United Nations Development Programme and was a co-author of the United Nation's Arab Human Development Report of 2005. She earned a bachelor's degree in political science from Cairo University, a master's degree in political theory from the University of Nantes, and a Ph.D. in gender and development studies from the University of London. In July, 2009 Jad received AMIDEAST's Teaching Excellence Award.
In 2009 Welsyn enrolled at Stellenbosch University, Grobler enrolled at the Cape Audio College and Nel started working fulltime. Willim Welsyn en die Sunrise Toffies still kept performing occasional live shows, while Welsyn also pursued his solo career.
He received a BA and an MS from San Francisco State University, completing a Master's thesis with Geoffrey Marcy, and then completed his doctoral studies at the University of Maryland, College Park in 1993. His graduate work focused on the design of the very sensitive spectrograph required to detect extrasolar planets by detecting variations in the radial velocity of their parent stars. Since 1999 he has been a staff scientist at the Carnegie Institution for Science.
Robert William Chapman was the youngest of six children born to an Anglican clergyman, who died when he was three years old. He was educated at the High School of Dundee, St Andrews University and Oriel College, Oxford, where he graduated with a First in classics and humanities. He worked as assistant to the secretary of the Clarendon Press. In 1913 he married Katherine Marion Metcalfe, an English tutor at Somerville College. Chapman did military service in Salonika during World War I, managing to study the works of Johnson there and continue to write for the Times Literary Supplement.
Edwards attended West Buckland School where his potential for the triple jump was spotted at an early age. He was a strong all-rounder and on leaving received the school's top award for sporting and academic excellence, the Fortescue Medal. Contemporaries with Edwards at West Buckland School included Victor Ubogu and Steve Ojomoh, both former Bath and England Rugby international players. Edwards now has a Sports Hall at West Buckland named after him; The Jonathan Edwards Sports Centre. Edwards then read Physics at Durham University, attending Van Mildert College.
Cayetano Heredia (August 5, 1797 -- June 11, 1861) was a Peruvian physician, born in Catacaos, Piura (Peru). He studied medicine at National University of San Marcos. Together with Hipólito Unanue he was one of the two greatest Peruvian physicians of the 19th century. He happened to live through the tense period of the struggle for independence of Peru from Spain and his participation in political life was as intense as the time and effort he devoted to medicine. He died in Lima on 1861.
Satpal Maharaj was born in Kankhal, in the Haridwar district, the eldest son of Hans Ji Maharaj, leader of the Divine Light Mission (DLM), and Hans Ji Maharaj's second wife, Rajeshwari Devi, also known as Mata Ji. Satpal Maharaj was educated at St. George's College, Mussoorie.
Ruben Vardanyan is well known not only in Armenia, but also all over the world. For many years he held high the honor of Armenian sport both in the Former Soviet Union and in different countries of the world. Vardanyan was born in 1929 in Yerevan. In 1953 after graduating from Yerevan State Institute of Physical Training, from 1958 to 1963 he continued his studies at Yerevan State University at the faculty of law.
Valerie Martin (born 1948, Missouri) is an American novelist and short story writer. She has also taught at Mount Holyoke College, Loyola University New Orleans, The University of New Orleans, The University of Alabama, and Sarah Lawrence College, among other institutions. She is a graduate of the MFA Program for Poets & Writers at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst. She has one child, Adrienne, born in 1975. Her novel Property (2003) won the prestigious Orange Prize. Her other fictional works include Set in Motion (1978), Alexandra (1979), A Recent Martyr (1987), The Consolation of Nature and Other Stories (1988), The Great Divorce (1993), Italian Fever (1999), The Unfinished Novel and Other Stories (2006), and Trespass (2007), as well as Salvation: Scenes from the Life of St. Francis (2001), a biography of St. Francis of Assisi. Her most recent novel, The Confessions of Edward Day, was published in August 2009.
Marya Martin is an American flautist with an active career as a soloist, recitalist, and chamber musician. Born in New Zealand, Martin studied at the University of Auckland, where she had lessons with Richard Giese, then principal flute in the New Zealand Symphony Orchestra. After graduating in 1976, Marya was awarded a Queen Elizabeth II Arts Council grant to study at Yale University. In 1979, Marya graduated from Yale with a Masters degree in flute performance. She shortly thereafter won the 1979 Young Concert Artists International Auditions. She subsequently went on to win top prizes in the Naumburg Competition, the Munich International Competition, the Jean-Pierre Rampal International Competition, and the Concert Artists Guild--all within a two-year period. To date, Martin is the only flutist to take top prizes in all of these major competitions. In 1980, Martin made her New York concert debut. Following these successes, Martin decided to move to Paris to study with Jean-Pierre Rampal at the Nationale Superieur Conservatoire de Paris and then later with Sir James Galway in Lucerne, Switzerland. In 1984, she founded the Bridgehampton Chamber Music Festival which, under her artistic direction, has done much to foster the development of chamber music presented in historically appropriate settings.
Crispin Oben (January 7, 1876 -- August 29, 1947) was born in Lumban, Laguna, Philippines. He finished his Bachelor of Arts Degree at Colegio de San Juan de Letran in 1895. He then proceeded to study at the University of Sto. Tomas from 1895--1898. He studied Law at the Escuela de Derecho from 1900--1902. He was a member of the First Philippine Assembly in 1907 representing the second district of Laguna. He was married to Victoria Capistrano with whom he had twelve children, four of whom became nuns. NAME = Oben, Crispin ALTERNATIVE NAMES = SHORT DESCRIPTION = DATE OF BIRTH = January 7, 1876 PLACE OF BIRTH = DATE OF DEATH = August 29, 1947 PLACE OF DEATH = ))
Suzi Yoonessi was born in Buffalo, New York, where she attended Nichols School. Yoonessi was a member of Buffalo's first all-girl band Bertha Mason during the Riot Grrrl movement in the early 90s. Yoonessi studied photography and film at the San Francisco Art Institute. Upon graduation, she worked for Surface Magazine in the editorial department and moved to New York to pursue filmmaking after being awarded a Jerome Foundation grant for her documentary film Vern. Yoonessi received her MFA from Columbia University's School of the Arts where she was the recipient of the FMI Directing Fellowship. She currently resides in Los Angeles.
A. David Trahan (born February 25, 1963) is an American politician and logger. Trahan is a Republican State Senator from Maine's 20th District, representing Lincoln County, including his residence in Waldoboro. He graduated from the University of Maine at Augusta. He served in the Maine House of Representatives from 1998 to 2006.
Sadiq Ali graduated from Aligarh Muslim University and earned his MA in Political Science. He has given some important recommendations about the solution of the Kashmir conflict between India and Pakistan. His self-rule report has been widely applauded in both India and Pakistan and his recommendations have been regarded as one of the most workable solutions of this issue. He has also written a comprehensive paper on the deteriorating conditions of the forests of Jammu and Kashmir State; he has further submitted an indepth research paper outlining how the Dal Lake may be saved from further degradation.
Franz Wickhoff (1853, Steyr, Austria -- 1909, Venice, Italy) was an Austrian art historian, and is considered a member of the Vienna School of Art History. Wickhoff studied at the University of Vienna under Alexander Conze and Moritz Thausing. In 1879 he received a position at the k.k. Österreichisches Museum für Kunst und Industrie (today the Museum für angewandte Kunst) in Vienna, where he met Giovanni Morelli and became interested in his theories of connoisseurship. In 1882 Wichoff began to teach at the University of Vienna.
Florian Seidl (born March 2, 1979 in Salzburg) is an Austrian vehicle designer. He studied Industrial Design at the University of Arts and Industrial Design Linz, the Hong Kong Polytechnic University and got his masters degree from the Royal College of Art in London.
Nahum was educated at Sherborne School and began his career at Peter Wilson's Sotheby's in 1966. During his 17 years with the company he initiated the Victorian Painting Department at the newly opened Sotheby's Belgravia in 1971 and was head of the British Painting Department (1840 to Contemporary) until his departure in 1984. He was also a Senior Director sitting on the chairman's committee and advisor to the British Rail Pension Fund on Victorian Paintings. The British Rail investment collection of Victorian Paintings that Peter Nahum formed, although it was sold after he left the company and not at the most opportune time, averaged a capital increase of 17½ percent per annum. He has handled a large proportion of the most important Victorian paintings to come on the market. Peter Nahum is a Fellow of The Royal Society for the Encouragement of Arts, Manufactures and Commerce (FRSA).
He was born unto John Thomas and Sarah (Payne) Kirby on November 16, 1860 in Tyler County. First taught to read & write by his mother, his formal education later on was limited to rural schools and one semester at Southwestern University, Georgetown where he studied law. With the influence of state senator Samuel Bronson Cooper, he would serve as a clerk in the Texas Senate from 1882-1884. During his clerkship he married Lelia Stewart of Woodville. He would practice law for four years before moving to Houston to join the law firm of Hobby and Lanier.
After recovering from this incident, Robeson returned home to the United States in 1963 to retire. This retirement lasted for the remainder of his natural life. During this segment of his life, Robeson continued his very vocal support for civil rights in the United States. In 1965, his wife Eslanda passed away, and the aged Robeson moved to live with his sister. During the rest of his life, Robeson received many accolades and honors. Among these was the establishment of an award in his honor by the American Actors`` Equity Association; he even received an honorary degree in law from Lincoln University, which was the school his father attended. Then, on the 23rd of January 1976, 77 years after his birth, Paul Robeson passed away. His funeral was attended by more than 5,000 people.
Rajnesh Domalpalli, was born in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, and graduated with a Bachelors and Masters degree in electrical engineering in 1984 and 1986 respectively. His family has moved to Hyderabad, the capital of Andhra Pradesh in South India, where his parents live in retirement. During his Bachelors degree at the Indian Institute of Technology Bombay, he used to write short stories, and one of the, The Dowry, was twice selected for broadcast by BBC World Service while he was in graduate school. During schooling, he was introduced to south Indian classical music, on the veena, and followed this up with several years of training on the vocals. He studied veena during his schooling at the IIT from the wife of one of his Professors.
Howard Ebison is a 24-year old retail business manager from Ashtead, Surrey. He was educated at the state comprehensive Therfield School in Leatherhead, Surrey and at the University of Warwick, where he studied mathematics. An award-winning dancer, and area manager of ten pubs, Howard describes himself as 'a credible businessman who wants to go far'. He was the first project manager on the men's team, having led his team to victory on the first task. He was fired in week 10. Since then, he has become the business development manager of No.1 Traveller.
Prof. Henry Horace Williams (HHW) was born in 1858 in Gates County, North Carolina. He was born to a farming family - his father was a country doctor who did not attend college. Horace, fortunately, attended the Academy in Murfreesboro, North Carolina, where he had ``an intellectual conversion which determined the direction of his whole future life'' (Origin of Belief, p.196). He went on to attend UNC in 1879, and he later he attended Yale Divinity School, where he achieved his B.D. degree in 1888. He went on to teach challenging philosophy courses at Harvard (which had a far freer environment than other institutions during this period) and was known as a notably tough grader, consistently asking labyrinthine philosophical questions.
He was born in Milan, and lives a lot of years in Cavaria con Premezzo, was ordained a priest on 11 June 1983 by Cardinal Carlo Maria Martini. He worked in St. Giovanni Bosco parish in Milan until 1986. He was sent to the Pontifical Ecclesiastical Academy in Rome, where he obtained a doctorate in theology and a licentiate in Canon Law at the Pontifical Gregorian University. He joined the diplomatic service of the Holy See on 1 July 1991 and worked at the Office of the Papal Representative to Tanzania.
The Kavalam village, was also home to people like, K. M. Panikkar, historian and administrator, and playwright and poet, Kavalam Narayana Panicker, his cousin . He published his first poem at the age of 16, published in the Mathrubhoomi Weekly. He did his Intermediate at Malabar Christian College, Kozhikode, and B.A. Honours in English Literature from the University College, Thiruvananthapuram in 1951, thereafter he received his Master's degree from the University of Kerala.
Rich Moore (born May 10, 1963) is an American animation director and a business partner in Rough Draft Studios, Inc., where he serves as Sr. Vice President of creative affairs. He is one of a handful of artists who in the early 90s redefined prime time television animation with his work on The Simpsons. His directing credits include The Simpsons, Futurama, The Critic, Drawn Together, Spy vs. Spy (for MADtv) and Baby Blues. He was also the supervising director on Futurama and The Critic, overseeing the creative production of both shows. His most recent work was sequence director on The Simpsons Movie and animation executive producer on the Futurama DVD movies. He studied animation at California Institute of the Arts. Rich has received two Emmy Awards, an Annie Award, and a Reuben Award for his directorial work.
He was son of John Mill, a native of Dundee, by his wife Martha née Hodge, and was born 18 July 1792 at Hackney, Middlesex. He was educated chiefly in private under Thomas Belsham. In 1809 he went to Trinity College, Cambridge, where he graduated B.A. as sixth wrangler in 1813, was elected Fellow in 1814, and proceeded M.A. in 1816. He took deacon's orders in 1817, and priest's in the following year, and continuing in residence at Cambridge.
Peter Cousens is an Australian actor, born in Tamworth NSW. He attended The Armidale School in Armidale (1969--73) and then Gordonstoun School, Scotland. He then spent a year reading Arts at St Paul's College, Sydney University before studying at the National Institute of Dramatic Art (NIDA), graduating in 1978.
Megan Langenfeld (born January 17, 1988) is an American softball player. She attended Centennial High School in Bakersfield, California and the University of California, Los Angeles, where she plays infielder and pitcher. As a member of the United States women's national softball team she won 2011 World Cup of Softball.
James O'Halloran (born c.1820, died June 1, 1913) was a Quebec lawyer and political figure. He was born about 1820 (some sources say 1821) near Fermoy, County Cork, Ireland and came to Canada with his family in 1828. He studied at the University of Vermont and served in the U.S. Army during the war with Mexico. He returned to Lower Canada in 1849, was admitted to the bar in 1852 and set up practice in Cowansville. He was elected to the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada for Missisquoi as a member of the parti rouge; he was reelected in 1863. He opposed Confederation. O'Halloran was named Queen's Counsel on February 12, 1864.
Roy Bennett graduated from Thomas Jefferson High School in the East New York neighborhood in Brooklyn, then he studied music at City College of New York. Although blessed with a good singing voice he chose to pursue his lifelong interest in writing words and music. However, his career plans were interrupted by World War II when he served with the United States Army Air Forces. After the war he joined ASCAP and worked as a staff writer for Mills Music Inc. (now EMI Mills Music Inc.)
Espido Freire dedicated her early years to the study and performance of classical music. She received a degree in English philology from the University of Deusto, where she also studied for a master's degree in editing.
Farouk Abdel Wahab Mustafa (also known as Farouk Abdel Wahab) is an Egyptian academic and translator based in the USA. He was born in Tanta and studied at the University of Cairo. He received a BA degree in 1962 and an MA in English literature in 1969. He pursued doctoral studies at the University of Minnesota, obtaining a PhD in comparative literature in 1977. He has been teaching at the University of Chicago since 1975. He is the first occupant of the university's Ibn Rushd Professorial Lectureship in Modern Arabic Language, and is also the Associate Director of its Center for Middle Eastern Studies.
Glen Edwards (born July 31, 1947 in St. Petersburg, Florida) played safety for the Pittsburgh Steelers from 1971 to 1977, and for the San Diego Chargers from 1978 to 1981. Edwards is a Gibbs High School alumnus.
Lawrence Korb attended the Athenaeum of Ohio, where he earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1961. Going on St. John's University, he obtained his Master's Degree in 1962, before joining the U.S. Navy in 1962. Korb served on active duty for four years as a Naval Flight Officer, and retired from the Naval Reserve with the rank of Captain. On completing his active duty, Korb returned to graduate school, where he received his PhD at the State University of New York Albany in 1969. Korb served as Associate Professor of Government at the U.S. Coast Guard Academy 1971-1975 and later Professor of Management at the Naval War College in 1975-1980.
Rachael Kohn was born in Canada. Originally from Slovakia, her father and mother (from Bohemia) fled the Soviet occupation of Czechoslovakia to settle in Israel in 1949, moving to Canada in 1952. (Her father was a passenger on the ill fated Pentcho which left Bratislava in 1939 and was shiprwrecked in the Aegean Sea in 1940, after which the passengers were rescued by the Italians and eventually taken to the Ferramonti Di Tarsi internment camp in the Consenza Province, Italy.) Kohn was awarded a Diploma in Social Work from Ryerson Polytechnical Institute, then achieved an Hon.B.A. in Sociology and Religion at Concordia University in Montreal, Canada. Rachael then earned an M.A. (Rabbinic Thought and the New Testament) and a Ph.D. (Sociology and History of Religion) in Religious Studies from Canada's McMaster University. For both degrees she also studied Buddhism. She taught religious studies at McMaster University in Canada, at Lancaster University in England, where she was Leverhulme Post-Doctoral Fellow in Religious Studies. She also taught Religious Studies at the University of Waterloo in England, and then at the University of Sydney (1988-1992). Moving to Australia after marrying an Australian man, she then joined the Australian Broadcasting Corporation ABC in 1992.
Born at St Andrew's Church, Somerset Road, Cape Town to the Reverend JM Russell and his wife Nancy, Russell attended Normal College, Merchiston Castle School, Scotland, the South African College, Cape Town. At the South African College he obtained a double degree in Arts and Science and was awarded the Ebden Scholarship to study overseas for three years. General Jan Smuts had obtained the same scholarship three years previously. He went first to St John's College, Cambridge, where he gained a first class Law Degree in 1900, and secondly to the Middle Temple London to study law.
Keith Khan (born in Wimbledon, 1963), studied Fine Art/ Sculpture at Middlesex University and is an Arts Industry Bureaucrat . who has had an eclectic career in the Arts Scene and co-founded the arts organisation Motiroti in 1996 with Ali Zaidi. Until 2004, the majority of the artistic events Khan was directly involved with were under Motiroti which produced notable projects such as Flying costumes, Floating Tombs (1991) which won the Time Out Dance and Performance Award; Queen's Golden Jubilee Commonwealth Celebrations (2002) and Alladeen (2004) which won the Village Voice OBIE Award Special Citation, co-produced by The Builders Association. Khan departed from Moti Roti in 2004 and has filled a number of senior executive positions since then, most notably, Head of Culture and then Artistic Executive to the 2012 Summer Olympics (2007 to 2009) and sitting on the panels of high-profile funding bodies, including the Wellcome Trust and as a Council Member of the Arts Council of England. Keith Khan is also a Member of the Advisory Panel of Art on the Underground and was the Costume and 3D Designer for the Opening Ceremony for the Central and Opening Show at the Millennium Dome (2000); Director of Design for the 2002 Commonwealth Games ceremonies under the direction of David Zolkwer. ; Chief Executive of Rich Mix (2004 to 2007); Chair of Diversity Group for Creative Economy Programme Working Group (2006) and has been a Member of the Commonwealth Group on Culture and Development since 2009.
Robert George Tomlinson (30 March 1869 - 13 January 1949) was an English brewer and cricketer who played for Derbyshire between 1891 and 1893 and was later umpire in first class matches in Scotland. Tomlinson was born at Winshill, Derbyshire the son of Henry George Tomlinson and his wife Cecilia Mary Lowe. His father was a director of Thomas Salt and Company brewers of Burton on Trent. He was educated at Repton School where he played in the first XI and at Magdalen College, Oxford. He entered the family brewing firm of Thomas Salt and Company to become a director, and played cricket for the brewery and for Derbyshire Friars. In the 1891 season he made his debut for Derbyshire and played twice in the 1892 season and twice in the 1893 season when the club's matches were not accorded first class status. He was described as a good batsman and slow bowler.
George Koval attended Central High School, a red-brick Victorian building better known as ``the Castle on the Hill''. Neighbors recalled that Koval spoke openly of his Communist beliefs. While attending Central High he was a member of the Honor Society and the debate team. He graduated in 1929 at the age of 15. Koval studied electrical engineering at the University of Iowa for the next two-and-a-half years. Meanwhile, his parents left Sioux City as the Great Depression deepened. Abram Koval became the secretary for ICOR, the Organization for Jewish Colonization in the Soviet Union. Founded by American Jewish Communists in 1924, the group helped to finance and publicize the development of the ``Jewish Autonomous Region'' -- the Communist answer to Jewish emigration to the British Mandate of Palestine then being undertaken by the Zionist movement. The Koval family emigrated in 1932, traveling with a United States family passport. They settled in Birobidzhan, near the border of Manchuria.
Fontaine Maury Maverick (October 23, 1895 -- June 7, 1954) was a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives from Texas from January 3, 1935, to January 3, 1939. He is best remembered for his independence from the party and for coining the term ``gobbledygook'' for obscure and euphemistic bureaucratic language. Maverick was born in San Antonio, Texas, the son of Albert and Jane Lewis (Maury) Maverick. His grandfather was cattle rancher Samuel Maverick, one of the signers of the Texas Declaration of Independence and the source of the word ``''. He studied at , the Virginia Military Institute and the University of Texas. He was admitted to the bar in 1916 and practiced law in San Antonio. He was a first lieutenant in the infantry in World War I and earned the Silver Star and the Purple Heart. In the 1920s, he was involved in the lumber and mortgage businesses. From 1929 to 1931, he was the elected collector of taxes for Bexar County.
Josef Julius Wecksell (19 March 1838 Turku - 9 August 1907 Helsinki) was a Finnish poet and playwright. He studied at the University of Helsinki. He was committed to the Endenich asylum, and then Lappvik asylum, from 1865 until his death.
Charles D. Ablard was educated at the University of Oklahoma, receiving a bachelor's degree in business administration and the University of Oklahoma College of Law, receiving an LL.B. in 1954. From 1954 to 1956, he served as a judge advocate officer in the United States Air Force Judge Advocate General's Corps, with assignments in Japan and at the Air University at Maxwell Air Force Base. He then attended the Georgetown University Law Center, receiving an LL.M. in 1959.
Brian Molony is a famous former gambler from Toronto. Molony graduated from the University of Western Ontario, and was a rising young assistant manager with his employer, the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce. However, he abused his position of trust to embezzle more than $10 million from CIBC to feed his gambling habit. As part of the punishment for the main casino that enabled and encouraged his gambling, Caesars Atlantic City was ordered by the New Jersey Casino Control Commission to close for a day. Gary Stephen Ross's best-selling nonfiction book Stung (ISBN 978-0771075322) chronicles Molony's 18 months of increasingly brazen fraud and out-of-control gambling, mostly at Caesars in Atlantic City. The movie Owning Mahowny was based on Ross's book. Philip Seymour Hoffman played ``Dan Mahowny'', the character based on Molony.
Jack Roth (also known as Rodney Jack Roth) (1927--2004) was a 20th century American painter who developed a style as an Abstract Expressionist, and as a Color Field painter. After studying with Mark Rothko at the California School of Fine Arts, he received a Master of Fine Arts from the State University of Iowa in 1952, and a doctoral degree in mathematics from Duke University in 1962. He taught math at Ramapo College in New Jersey, and also taught for brief periods at the University of South Florida and the University of Kentucky. His work includes several large abstract paintings created by staining raw, unprimed canvas with thinned paint, allowing the colors to soak directly into the weave of the canvas. He was represented by and exhibited at the Knoedler & Co. Gallery in New York City from 1979--1986 and was named New Talent Graphic artist of the year in 1963 by Art in America on the recommendation of MoMA curators Dorothy Miller and William S. Lieberman. In 1979 he was awarded a Guggenheim fellowship and in 1982 he received a New Jersey Council on the Arts Award. He exhibited paintings in the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum ``Younger American Painters'' (May 12 to July 25, 1954) - alongside William Baziotes, Morris Louis, Richard Diebenkorn, Adolph Gottlieb, Philip Guston, Franz Kline, Willem de Kooning, Robert Motherwell, Jackson Pollock and others. This was one of the first major exhibitions of Abstract Expressionism at an American art museum, and it traveled to the Dallas Museum of Fine Arts, Indiana University, the Worcester Art Museum and later to the Portland Museum of Art, the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, the Los Angeles County Museum, the New Orleans Museum of Art and others. He also exhibited at MoMA in 1963 and MoMA purchased several works by Roth for its permanent collections.
Red Cavaney was born in Kansas City, Missouri. He graduated from the University of Southern California in 1964.
Karstens attended Mount Miguel High School in Spring Valley, California. In his senior season, he was the team's Most Valuable Player, a First-Team All-Conference Honors selection, and a Second-Team All-San Diego selection. In his senior year, he posted an 8-2 record with a 2.99 ERA. After high school, Karstens attended Grossmont College and Texas Tech University in Lubbock, Texas, where he played for the Red Raiders.
Daniel Ballori is the youngest of three children of advertising Executive, Eduardo Ballori and Conchita Ballori. He graduated from Hofstra University in New York, where he obtained a BA degree in Psychology. Daniel is the process of obtaining a Masters in Public Administration from the City University of New York, Baruch College.
Valerie Daggett is a professor of bioengineering at the University of Washington in Seattle, Washington, United States. She received her Ph.D. from the University of California, San Francisco, advised by Irwin Kuntz and Peter Kollman, and subsequently held a postdoctoral position with Michael Levitt at Stanford University. Her laboratory focuses on work in molecular dynamics simulations of proteins and other biomolecules. In 2005, the Daggett laboratory was awarded a supercomputing grant by the U.S. Department of Energy, which was renewed for almost two million processor-hours in 2006.
D. Quentin Miller (born 1967) is a Professor of English language and literature at Suffolk University in Boston. He earned his B.A. from Boston College in 1989, his M.A. from The College of William and Mary in 1990, and his Ph.D. from the University of Connecticut in 1996.
Born at Westbury, Wiltshire, Bledisloe was the eldest son of Charles Bathurst, 1st Viscount Bledisloe and the Hon. Bertha Susan Lopes, daughter of Henry Lopes, 1st Baron Ludlow. He was educated at Eton and Magdalen College, Oxford. In 1927 he was called to the Bar, Lincoln's Inn.
Dr. Rev. Nathan Sites was graduated from Ohio Wesleyan University. In 1861, he reached Foochow with his wife Sarah Moore Sites to begin his oversea missionary work which would last until his death. Upon his arrival, Sites chose to live in a countryside hamlet among native villagers to experience the rural life of the Chinese. During his missionary life in China, Sites met with many obstacles: one day while carrying out the reconstruction work of the local church in Nanping, he was brutally beaten by an enraged mob, who left a deep scar on his face. Like other missionaries, Sites argued and labored for the creation of a strong and independent Chinese Church, and in this effort he ordained many of the earliest native Christian ministers like Sia Sek Ong.
Original group members were William and Wilbert Hart, Samuel Edlightoon, Ritchie Daniels, Merfhab Isvardsoon and Randy Cain whom they met at Overbrook High School in the 1960s. Their first recording, ``He Don't Really Love You'', was for Moon Shot in 1966. Daniels was drafted and left for the service in 1968 and Edlightoon and Merfhab left the group a few weeks later. At Cameo, producer Stan Watson introduced them to producer Thom Bell, then working with Chubby Checker. With Cameo they recorded a popular tune called ``You've Been Untrue''. The group's first album, released on Watson's own Philly Groove record label, featured the smash hit ``La-La (Means I Love You)'' in 1968. The single sold over one million copies, and was awarded a gold disc. Four more Bell-produced albums appeared in the next few years: The Sound of Sexy Soul, The Delfonics Super Hits, The Delfonics and Tell Me This Is a Dream. Among the Delfonics' popular hits were the Grammy-winning ``Didn't I (Blow Your Mind This Time)'', ``(For The Love) I Gave To You'', ``Ready or Not Here I Come (Can't Hide from Love)'', and ``Hey Love''. Prior to the release of ``La-La (Means I Love You)'', they had a hit with ``He Don't Really Love You'' on the small Moonshot record label in 1966. The Delfonics and Bell had to work with a basic budget on the first creation as Thom explained ``When I took them into the studio we didn't have any money to pay for string players and an orchestra so I played most of the instruments myself!'' - a far cry from the full classical productions from 1968 to the beginning of the seventies. ``Didn't I (Blow Your Mind This Time)'' also sold a million copies and by March 1970 received a gold disc from the R.I.A.A..
Rodney Martin (born 22 December 1982) is an American sprinter. Martin is a native of Las Vegas, Nevada. Martin was a state record holder in track and field. He attended Western High School, where he played football and ran track. He graduated with honors, and later went to a Junior College in Kansas, and then graduated from University of South Carolina with a degree in Criminal Justice.
Van Meeuwen studied law at Leiden University. After working as a lawyer in 's-Hertogenbosch he was president of the Court of Justice in Amsterdam, finally to become a member of the Supreme Court of the Netherlands. From 1956-1969 he was a member of the Senate of the Netherlands and House of Representatives of the Netherlands.
Hammond was born in Baltimore, Maryland to William S. Hammond and Rosalie Hall Hammond. He received his early education from the Gilman School, the Jefferson School, and Baltimore City College. He received his A.B. degree from Johns Hopkins University in 1923, and his LL.B. degree in 1925 from the University of Maryland School of Law. He married Elizabeth Ashton Luck in 1934.
In May 2011, Steve Reich received an honorary doctorate from the New England Conservatory of Music.
He was the fourth and youngest son of Charles Berkeley, 2nd Earl of Berkeley and Elizabeth Noel. (Elizabeth was the daughter of Baptist Noel, Viscount Campden, and the sister of Edward, first earl of Gainsborough.) He attended Westminster School from its foundation in 1708 and Trinity College, Cambridge, in 1711, graduating MA there in 1713.
Dr. Cheah Thien Soong (born 1942, Negeri Sembilan, Malaya) is a renowned contemporary ink-painting artist in Malaysia. Cheah is considered the second generation of Nanyang-style contemporary ink-painting artist. He graduated from Chung Hua High School in Seremban, Malaysia in 1959 before proceeding to Singapore's Nanyang Academy of Fine Arts. There, he studied both Chinese and Western painting under the tutelage of artists such as Chen Wen Xi, Choong Soo Peng, Chen Zhong Rui, Shi Xiang Tuo, and Georgette Chen. He held his first exhibitions in 1962, and has since won a number of awards from art institutes in Malaysia, Singapore, and Taiwan. His paintings often include trees. From 1990 to 2002, he served as a lecturer at the Malaysia Institute of Art in Kuala Lumpur; he also returned to his hometown to found the Seremban Institute of Art. He received his doctorate from the Interamerican University of Puerto Rico in 2002. As a result of a trip he took to Jiangxi in 2003, he has branched out from canvas and taken up the challenge of painting on porcelain, creating works with Malaysian subjects painted onto Jingdezhen clay.
Samuel Pickering was born and raised in Nashville, Tennessee, where he attended Montgomery Bell Academy. He received his Bachelor of Arts degree (B.A.) from the University of the South and a second B.A. from St Catharine's College, Cambridge. He briefly returned to his alma mater, Montgomery Bell, to teach, a year before attending graduate school, receiving a Master of Arts degree (M.A.) at St Catharine. He attained a second M.A. and a Doctor of Philosophy degree (Ph.D.) from Princeton University. In addition, he has been awarded an honorary Doctor of Letters degree from Oglethorpe University.
Bostick was born in Toronto, Ontario. His mother, Stephanie Gorin, is a casting agent in Toronto, working in stage and screen, and his father, Joe Bostick, is an actor as well as a film fight coordinator. Devon began acting when in grade five. He is a graduate of the Etobicoke School of the Arts in Toronto. He has had roles in the TV series and in the film Citizen Duane. His film work has included roles in Godsend, Fugitive Pieces and The Stone Angel. In Adoration he plays Simon, a boy who is being raised by his uncle (played by Scott Speedman) after his parents' death. He also appears in an online spoof trailer for a hoax movie called ``Ice Fortress''.
Pete Cortese is the guitarist for the pioneering metalcore band Overcast. He also played guitar for the rock group Seemless. He appeared in Killswitch Engage for a short period of time. Pete graduated from Bergvliet Primary School and then Milford High School in 1993 with fellow Overcast bandmate and Shadows Fall frontman Brian Fair. Pete's father is Rich Cortese, bass player for the Boston-based indie rock band The Zulus.
Ralph Brown Draughon was born in Hartford, Alabama in 1899. He graduated from Alabama Polytechnic Institute, now known as Auburn University, with a B.S. in 1922 and an M.S. in 1929. He was a member of the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity. In 1931, he became an Assistant Professor of History and Political Science at Auburn.
John D. Strong was a professor of Physics and Astronomy from 1967 to 1975 and served as the head of the laboratory of astrophysics and physical meteorology. Strong, one of the world's foremost optical scientists, was known for being the first to detect water vapor in the atmosphere of Venus and for developing a number of innovations in optical devices, ranging from improved telescope mirrors to anti-reflective coatings for optical elements and diffraction gratings. Born in Lawrence, Kansas in 1905, Strong received degrees from the University of Kansas (BA 1926) and the University of Michigan (M.S., 1928, Ph.D., 1930). After twelve years at Caltech and wartime research at Harvard on infrared systems, Strong became professor and director of the Astrophysical and Physical Meteorology Laboratories at Johns Hopkins University in 1946, where, among many other projects, he conducted research on balloon astronomy for the Office of Naval Research (ONR). Strong published hundreds of papers throughout his career and was author of Procedures of Experimental Physics, a standard physics textbook for many years. Strong served as president of the American Optical Association in 1959 and patented numerous inventions for optics in spectroscopy as well as golf (see US Patent no. 3720467). Strong died in 1992.
Holden was born at Saltney, Cheshire on 23 August 1870, the third son of James Holden, who at that time was superintendent of the Great Western Railway workshops at Chester. After a private education, he attended University College School, London.
Bob Mosley spent his adolescence in San Diego, where he graduated from Kearny High School. Mosley has had a varied musical career, including a prominent but interrupted role in Moby Grape during the 1967-1971 period, the commencement of a solo career in 1972, plus a period in 1977 playing with Neil Young in a band called The Ducks, which had a brief life and lamented demise.
Ranbir Singh Kanwar(b. Dec. 20, 1930; d. Dec. 20, 2005) was an eminent plant breeder and agronomist who helped usher in the green revolution in India. He obtained his Ph.D. from Ohio State University, Columbus under a joint Indo-US development program. His major contribution was in the area of breeding sugarcane varieties which yielded higher sugar and were early maturing. His most remarkable variety was Co.J. 64 which brought back the dwindling sugar industry in North India out of the doldrums in the 1970s.
Maria Maragkoudaki, was born in Chania on the island of Crete. She studied at Athens School of Fine Arts with Dimitris Mytaras her professor. She graduated in 1998 with ``excellent'' as a grade. She received her master 2005 from the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens the part of the Byzantine Archaeology. She studied Byzantine painters of the 14th century in Western Crete. The title of the dissertation is ``The murals of the church of Panagia Skafidianis (1347) in Prodromi Selino and the painter ioakeim''.
Shafi Muhammad and his wife, Batool had four daughters: Alina, Arsalna, Zainab and Sheherbano; and a son, Ali. His son goes by Ali Asghar, a graduate of Karachi Grammar School and works for the highly reputable Pakistani publication, Herald.
Jeremy Peter Allen (born 1968 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian film director and screenwriter. He grew up in Quebec City, in the Province of Quebec. He studied film production at Concordia University in Montreal, then returned to Quebec City where he worked for many years with the Spirafilm film cooperative.
Jack Fearey was born in Portland, Oregon. He attended Whitman College in Walla Walla, Washington, for three years before leaving to serve in the U.S. military during World War II. Following the war, Fearey graduated from the University of Washington in 1947 with a bachelors degree in music.
Sam Shearon studied at the University of Leeds in the College of Art & Design, West Yorkshire, England. He was awarded a Bachelor of Arts Degree with Honours in 2000 for Visual Communication. Shortly after, he went on to become a qualified Art teacher gaining a Post Graduate Certificate in Education from Huddersfield University. His first solo exhibition entitled ''A Walk On the Darkside``, boasted forty five pieces of his original artwork including demonic statues, biomechanical monsters and giant canvas`` depicting images of horror and the macabre. The exhibition was featured in various National newspapers including The Daily Telegraph as well as BBC Radio ONE and live interviews on BBC Radio Leeds North - resulting in the show being extended to six weeks due to popular demand. The show had its own share of disapproval also in the form of protest and boycott attempts due to the nature and subject matter of his work involving the 'murder' and disembowelment of children's toys as well as the use of real animal bones mixed with various parts of machinery.
Johnnie L. Cochran, Jr. (``L'' is his full middle name) was born in Shreveport, Louisiana. His father, Johnnie Cochran, Sr., was an insurance salesman, and his mother sold Avon products. The family relocated to the West Coast and settled in Los Angeles in 1949. Cochran later graduated first in his class from Los Angeles High School in 1955. He went on to receive his Bachelor of Science degree in business administration from the University of California, Los Angeles in 1959 and his Juris Doctor at Loyola Marymount University School of Law (now Loyola Law School) in 1962. He was a member of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity.
James Robson received his BA in religious studies from the University of California, Santa Barbara in 1987, and thereafter studied in China, Japan, and Taiwan for several years before pursuing his PhD at Stanford University. After completing his doctorate in 2002, he worked at Williams College from 2002--2004, and University of Michigan from 2004--2008, where he received tenure in 2008. Robson became a Harvard faculty in 2008. His recent book Power of Place: The Religious Landscape of the Southern Sacred Peak (Nanyue 南嶽) in Medieval China (Harvard University Asia Center, 2009) received the Stanislas Julien Prize for 2010 by the French Academy of Inscriptions and Belles-Lettres Stanislas Julien by the ((Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres) (Institut de France)) and the 2010 Toshihide Numata Book Prize in Buddhism.
Dearth was Course Director, Joint Military Intelligence Training Center, Defense Intelligence Agency (1998; 2002) and Senior Adjunct Faculty, UK Defence Intelligence and Security Centre, Chicksands (2003). He is a Lifetime Member, Alumni Association, U.S. Army War College, Carlisle Barracks, Carlisle, Pennsylvania; Class of 1986. Mr. Dearth resides in Weaverville, North Carolina and Alexandria, Virginia. Jerry Della Femina is an advisor to The Lincoln Group. He is the CEO of Della Femina Rothschild Jeary and Partners and was named by Advertising Age as ``one of the most influential advertising people of the century.'' Jerry, who was born in Brooklyn, graduated from Lafayette High School and attended Brooklyn College. He received an honorary doctorate from the University of Missouri in 1983 and from Long Island University in 1989. He is married to Judy Licht, a television news reporter; they have two young children, a daughter Jessie, and a son James. He has three grown children by a previous marriage, Donna, Michael and Jodi. The Della Feminas reside in New York City, East Hampton and Palm Beach. Donald H. Hinckley, PhD is an advisor for the Lincoln Group.
Born in St Austell, Steve Baker was educated at Poltair School and St Austell Sixth Form College, followed by the University of Southampton, where he earned a BEng in Aerospace Engineering. He later studied at St Cross College, Oxford, where he earned an MSc in Computation.
James Price Dillard is a professor of Communication Arts and Sciences Department at Penn State University. He has authored and co-authored over 50 manuscripts primarily on the role of emotion and persuasive influence. Dillard graduated in 1976 from the University of Kansas with a Bachelor's degree in Speech Communication and Psychology. In 1978, he earned his Master's degree in Communication from Arizona State University and in 1983, he received a Ph.D. in Communication from Michigan State University. Dillard is currently teaching Measurement in Communication Science and Persuasive Message Processing classes at Penn State University. His awards include the NCA Golden Anniversary Award for the most outstanding, Distinguished Book Award, Communication and Social Cognition Division of the National Communication Association and many others.
One of three jorunalists captured at the same time as Hammerl, Marquette University graduate Jim Foley, told reporters he had seen the body of Anton Hammerl, saying that ''Once I saw Anton lying there dead everything changed. ``
Hamel was born in 1817 in Sainte-Foy (that was a suburb of Quebec City), the son of a successful farmer. Hamel's paternal ancestry can be traced to French immigrant Jean Hamel, who arrived in New France from Avremesnil (Normandy) in 1656. In 1834 Théophile was already taking art lessons from Antoine Plamondon. For a while he attended the Accademia di San Luca, in Rome. He was very much interested in the works of the Romantics.
William Gianelli was born in Stockton, California on February 19, 1919. He was educated at the University of California, Berkeley, receiving a B.S. in 1941. He then served in the United States Army Corps of Engineers from 1941 to 1945, in the midst of World War II. In this capacity, he was involved in building airfields, water supply facilities, and other construction projects at installations in Hawaii, Saipan, Okinawa, and Korea. By the end of the war, he had attained the rank of Major.
John Elder was educated at the High School of Glasgow, where he showed great excellence in mathematics and in drawing. After a five years' apprenticeship to Mr. Robert Napier, and a brief time passed in English engine works, he was placed at the head of the drawing office in Napier's works.
A native of East Brunswick, New Jersey, Joanne Lipman graduated from East Brunswick High School and summa cum laude from Yale University with a B.A. degree in history. While a student at Yale, she worked as an intern for The Wall Street Journal, which she joined as a staff reporter upon graduating in 1983. After covering the insurance and real estate beats, she created and wrote the Journal's daily Advertising column from 1989 through 1992. She served as a Page One editor of the Journal from 1992 through 1996.
Tishman was born on April 7, 1916, in Manhattan. His father David headed Tishman Realty and Construction, a firm established by Robert's grandfather Julius Tishman in 1898 with the construction of a six-story tenement building on the Lower East Side that was built using the proceeds of his department store in Upstate New York. He attended the Horace Mann School and earned his undergraduate degree from Cornell University in 1937, where he was elected to the Sphinx Head honor society and was the editor of the Cornell Widow, and also attended Columbia Law School. He was married in June 1941 to the former Phyllis Gordon, who had attended Wellesley College and the New York University School of Law, in a ceremony held at the Lombardy Hotel and officiated by Rabbi Nathan A. Perilman of Temple Emanu-El. During World War II, Tishman served in the United States Navy in the Pacific Ocean.
George Lascelles was born at his parents' London home of Chesterfield House on 7 February 1923, the first child of Henry Lascelles, Viscount Lascelles and Princess Mary, Viscountess Lascelles, and first grandchild of King George V and Queen Mary, who stood as sponsors at his christening. The christening took place on 25 March 1923 at St Mary's Church in the village of Goldsborough, near Knaresborough adjoining the family home Goldsborough Hall a month later his uncle The Duke of York married Lady Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon. He served as a Page of Honour at the coronation of his uncle, King George VI, in May 1937. He was educated at Ludgrove School, Eton College and King's College, Cambridge, after which he was commissioned into the Grenadier Guards. He rose to the rank of captain. During World War II, he fought in Italy. The Germans captured and held him as a prisoner of war in Oflag IV-C (Colditz) from 1944 to May 1945. In March 1945 Adolf Hitler signed his death warrant; the SS general commanding the camp, Gottlob Berger, realizing the war was lost, refused to carry out the sentence and released the future earl to the Swiss. In 1945--46, he served as aide-de-camp to his great uncle, Lord Athlone, who was then Governor General of Canada. Lord Harewood served as a Counsellor of State in 1947, 1953--54, and 1956. On 7 February 1956 he took his seat in the House of Lords.
While born in Aurora, Colorado, Paul G. Tremblay was raised in Massachusetts. He attended Providence College in Providence, Rhode Island, receiving his bachelor's degree in 1993. He obtained his master's degree in mathematics from the University of Vermont in 1995. While attending college and university, Tremblay was employed during the summer at the Parker Brothers factory in Salem, Massachusetts, primarily in the warehouse and assembly lines. After graduation, Tremblay began teaching high school mathematics and coaching junior varsity basketball at a private school outside Boston, Massachusetts. At current, he lives in Boston, Massachusetts with his wife, two children, and dog named Rascal and teaches AP Calculus.
Cameron Sexton was born on November 11, 1970. He is a 5th generation Tennessean. He received a B.A. in Public Administration from the University of Tennessee in 1994. He then served as a community liaison for former Congressman Van Hilleary.
Sinta Wullur was born in Bandung, Indonesia, and emigrated to Holland in 1968. Wullur studied music at the Sweelinck Conservatory with Willem Brons and received a degree in piano. She also studied composition with Ton de Leeuw at the same conservatory, and continued her studies in 1988 at the Royal Conservatory of The Hague with the composers Theo Loevendie and Louis Andriessen. She studied electronic music with Gilius van Bergeijk and Jan Boerman, and gamelan and singing with several teachers in Bali and Java. She received her degree in composition in 1991.
He was the son of the Rev. E. Hawkins and grandson of Sir Cæsar Hawkins, 1st Baronet (1711-1786), Serjeant-Surgeon to George II and George III (see Hawkins Baronets); and was brother to Edward Hawkins (1789-1882), Provost of Oriel, Oxford. Hawkins was born at Bisley, Gloucestershire. He was educated at Christ's Hospital, and entered St George's Hospital, London, in 1818. He was surgeon to the hospital from 1829 to 1861, and in 1862 was made serjeant-surgeon to Queen Victoria. He was president of the Royal College of Surgeons in 1852, and again in 1861; and he delivered the Hunterian oration in 1849.
D. M. Sutherland (? -- 13 December 1951) was a British journalist and editor. Born in Edinburgh, he attended George Watson's College and University of Edinburgh. He was the London editor of the Manchester Daily Dispatch before assuming the editorship of the Sheffield Daily Telegraph. He was named editor of Evening Standard in 1914 and served in that capacity for a year, leaving to take over as editor of the Pall Mall Gazette. Sutherland was the last editor of the Pall Mall Gazette, serving in that position until the newspaper was incorporated into the Evening Gazette in 1923. He then left journalism to become the Secretary and Director of Propaganda for the Anti-Socialist and Anti-Communist Union.
Manny Oudin (born March 20, 1968 in France) is the former head soccer coach of the Lehigh University women's soccer team. Oudin finished his career at Lehigh after six seasons ending in 2009. He previously had an extensive playing and coaching career both at the collegiate and professional levels. He played as a defender both indoors and out, winning the 1995 National Professional Soccer League with the Cleveland Crunch. He also coached at the high school, college and professional levels before becoming head coach at Lehigh.
Dr. Margery Palmer McCulloch was educated at the former Hamilton Academy; the University of London and the University of Glasgow and is a senior Honorary Research Fellow in Scottish Literature, University of Glasgow. She is also an elected member of Council of the Association for Scottish Literary Studies and has served as Convener of the Association's Publications Board, as well as being Co-editor of the Scottish Literary Review. A past Convener of the Society's Glasgow Branch, McCulloch is also a former Honorary Secretary of the Saltire Society. She has contributed to literary and cultural programmes on BBC Radio and articles to newspapers and journals, including The Herald (Glasgow), The Scotsman and The Times Literary Supplement.
Aisha Muharrar (born March 12, 1984) is an American television writer and author of the book More Than a Label. She is currently a writer for NBC's Parks and Recreation, created by Greg Daniels and Mike Schur. Previously, she was a staff writer for Fox's animated comedy Sit Down, Shut Up, created by Mitch Hurwitz. She graduated from Harvard College where she was the Vice President of the Harvard Lampoon humor magazine. She is a native of Bay Shore, New York and currently lives in Los Angeles.
Yaakov Birnbaum was born in Hamburg, Germany. Shortly after Nazis came to power in 1933 his father was attacked in the street. During the same period, six year old Yaakov was surrounded by neighboring German boys who swarmed into the garden and stuffed his mouth full of dirt. The family managed to reach England but Hitler's voice screaming ``the accursed Jews'' still dominated their lives. In 1938 and 1939 Yaakov went to school with refugee children who were brought out from Central Europe at the last moment in ``kinder transporten'' organized by Rabbi Dr. Solomon Schonfeld. He later studied modern European history at University of London.
Farre was the younger son of Dr. John Richard Farre of Charterhouse Square, London. He was born in London on 6 March 1811. He was educated at Charterhouse School and at Caius College, Cambridge. After studying medicine at St. Bartholomew's Hospital, he graduated M.B. at Cambridge in 1833 and M.D. in 1841, and he became a fellow of the Royal College of Physicians in 1843. In 1836--7 he lectured on comparative anatomy at St. Bartholomew's, and from 1838 to 1840 on forensic medicine. In 1841 he succeeded Dr. Robert Fergusson as professor of obstetric medicine at King's College, and physician-accoucheur to King's College Hospital, which offices he held till 1862. At the College of Physicians he was in succession censor, examiner, and councillor, and was Harveian orator in 1872. For twenty-four years (1852--1875) he was examiner in midwifery to the Royal College of Surgeons, resigning with his colleagues William Overend Priestley and Robert Barnes in protest at Sophia Jex-Blake and other women being admitted to the college examination in midwifery, on the grounds that they were otherwise qualified in medicine or surgery. Since no suitable successors were willing to be examiner, his effort was successful in the short term - though it encouraged parliamentary intervention, in the form of the Russell Gurney Act of 1876, which empowered licensing bodies to admit women for medical qualifications.
Imran Channa was born in Shikarpur, Sindh. After completing his initial education in Shikarpur in 1998, he moved to Hyderabad to explore art, where he met with artist, art teacher and writer Fatah Halepoto. He worked for 3 years in Hyderabad under the influence of his teacher . In 2001 he enrolled in the Department of Fine Arts at National College of Arts, Lahore. Again he enrolled in the same institution in MA Hons Visual Arts Programme. He finished his MA Hons in Visual Arts in 2008.
Prof. Santokh Ram (born in Jammu on 30 August 1944) had his early education in Jammu and completed his LLM in Constitutional and Administrative law. He earned a Ph.D in Labor Adjudication in J&K state from Aligarh Muslim University (AMU).
Basilio Pompilj was born in Spoleto, and studied at the Pontifical Roman Seminary before being ordained to the priesthood on 5 December 1886. He then did pastoral work in Rome from 1888 to 1904. During that time, Pompilj was made auditor of the Sacred Congregation of the Council in 1891, an official in the Apostolic Penitentiary in 1896, and prelate adjunct of the Congregation of the Council on 16 March 1898. He was raised to the rank of a protonotary apostolic on 18 December 1899, and was named Auditor of the Roman Rota on 18 July 1904. During his time at the Roman Rota, Pompilj sat at the sixth trial for the annulment of Paul Ernest Boniface and Anna Gould.
Edith Kramer received an honorary doctorate in 1996 from Norwich University in Northfield, VT. Currently, Dr. Kramer is Adjunct Associate Professor George Washington University where she teaches a Psychodynamic Processes course. She maintains a studio where she paints, etches, and sculpts and specializes in art therapy with children and adolescents. The American Art Therapy Association gave Dr. Kramer the award of ``Honorary Life Member,'' a mark of highest esteem.
In 2003 Signature won the teams championship in the first Formula Renault V6 Eurocup, with Tristan Gommendy and Kosuke Matsuura as drivers. They moved from the defunct French F3 series to its replacement, the Formula 3 Euro Series, and Nicolas Lapierre and Fabio Carbone completed a 1-2 finish for the team at the prestigious Macau Grand Prix. Edoardo Mortara and Jean-Karl Vernay repeated this feat in 2009. The team began competing in the Le Mans Series in 2009 in the LMP1 category.
Robert taught at the University of Oklahoma from 1958 to 1964, and was department director of Chemical Engineering from 1961 to 1963. He also taught at the University of Rochester and the University of Delaware. With Sidney D. Kirkpatrick and Cecil H. Chilton, Perry supervised the production of the 4th edition, published in 1963. Robert H. Perry and Cecil H. Chilton together edited the 5th edition, released early in 1973.
Philip Latham (born 17 February 1929 in London) is a British actor. He was educated at Felsted School.
Lisa Nakamura earned a B.A. from Reed College and a Ph.D. in English from the Graduate Center at City University of New York. She is a professor of Media and Cinema Studies; professor of Asian American Studies; and professor of Gender and Women's Studies. She is a member of the editorial board of the ``Journal of Asian American Studies, Communication'' and ``Critical/Cultural Studies,'' ``Games and Culture,'' and ``New Media and Society.''
After leaving The Electra, Brian attended college and formed two other local bands, Canterbury (1992--1995) and Widow's Mite (1995--2000). Widow's Mite was signed to the music label Hope Records, owned and operated by Rick Wakeman of the influential rock group, Yes. Brian Nixon graduated from California State University, Stanislaus,with a B.A in Liberal Studies Trinity Seminary with an M.A in Religious Education, St. Alcuin House with a D. Phil. in Christian Education, and is a Fellow at Oxford Graduate School.
He was born in London on 9 November 1789. His father Thomas Furly Forster was a botanist, and follower of Jean-Jacques Rousseau. He did not have the conventional classical literary education, but he learned something of science from from his uncle Benjamin Meggot Forster. The Great Comet of 1811 aroused his interest in astronomy, a science which he continued to pursue, and eight years later, on 3 July 1819, he himself discovered a new comet. He matriculated at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge, in order to study law, but soon abandoned it to study medicine, taking his degree in 1819. Two years before, he had married the daughter of Colonel Beaufoy and taken up his residence at Spa Lodge, Tunbridge Wells. After the birth of his only daughter he moved to Hartwell in Sussex, and then spent three years abroad. It was during this period that he converted to Catholicism.
Elaine Taylor was born in Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire. With the encouragement of her mother Frances, she took dancing lessons as a child and, as early as 1950, had her hair styled by the celebrated Raymond Bessone (``Mr Teasy Weasy'') for the part of Will O’the Wisp. Taylor later studied at the Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts and joined the London Festival Ballet.
Jamie Heward attended F.W. Johnson Collegiate in Regina, Saskatchewan.
Zimmer was born in Frankfurt am Main, Germany. As a young child, he lived in Königstein-Falkenstein, where he played the piano at home, but had piano lessons only briefly as he disliked the discipline of formal lessons. He moved to London as a teenager, where he attended Hurtwood House school. In an interview with the German television station ZDF in 2006, he commented: ``My father died when I was just a child, and I escaped somehow into the music and music has been my best friend.'' Zimmer began his career playing keyboards and synthesizers. He worked with The Buggles, a New Wave band formed in 1977 with Trevor Horn, Geoff Downes, and Bruce Woolley. Zimmer can be seen briefly in The Buggles' music video for the 1979 song ``Video Killed the Radio Star''. After working with The Buggles, he started to work for the Italian group Krisma, a New Wave band formed in 1976 with Maurizio Arcieri and Christina Moser. He was a featured synthesist for Krisma's third album, Cathode Mamma. He has also worked with the band Helden (with Warren Cann from Ultravox). Both Zimmer (on keyboards) and Helden (on drums), were invited to be part of the Spanish group Mecano for a live performance in Segovia (Spain) in 1984. Two songs from this concert were included in the ``'' album released in 1985 only in Spain. In 1980 Zimmer co-produced a single, ``The History Of The World Part 1,'' with, and for, UK Punk band The Damned, which was also included on their 1980 LP release, ``The Black Album,'' and carried the description of his efforts as ``Over-Produced by Hans Zimmer.''
Jessie J was born Jessica Ellen Cornish in Romford, Essex and was educated at Mayfield High School in the London Borough of Redbridge. She attended Colin's Performing Arts School and as an eleven year old was cast in Andrew Lloyd Webber's West End production of Whistle Down the Wind. Jessie has two sisters, who are five and seven years older than her, who were both head girls at school.
Edon High School is a public high school in Edon, Ohio. It is the only high school in the Edon Northwest Local Schools district. Their nickname is the Bombers. They are members of the Buckeye Border Conference and, for football only, the Toledo Area Athletic Conference. Athletically, the most famous Edon High School alumnus is Dave Herman, who went on to play football collegiately at Michigan State University from 1960--1964, then played professionally with the New York Jets from 1964--1973, twice winning all-pro honors. He was the starting offensive right tackle in the Jets 16-7 win over the Baltimore Colts in Super Bowl III.
In 1990, Yuri Karash was one of the finalists in the Soviet Journalist-in-Space project and a candidate for space flight. In 1992, while already having a Russian Candidate of Sciences degree, he graduated from the Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies (SAIS) at Johns Hopkins University in Washington, D.C. with Masters of International Public Policy degree. The same year he was accepted for Ph.D. studies at the School of International Service in the American University in Washington, D.C. During his studies at SIS he also took classes at the Space Policy Institute at George Washington University. He got his Ph.D. in International Relations with concentration in Space Policy issues in 1997. His dissertation was published by the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics under the title ``The Superpower Odyssey: A Russian Perspective on Space Cooperation''. In 2000, Dr. Karash became a corresponding member of the Tsiolkovsky Russian Academy of Cosmonautics.
Brother-in-law of Barack Obama, born 1974. He is of Malaysian Chinese descent, and his parents are from Kudat and Sandakan, two small towns in Sabah, Malaysia. Ng and his younger brother, Perry, were born and raised in Burlington, Ontario. Perry Ng works for the University of Ottawa. He married Maya Soetoro-Ng at the end of 2003 in Hawaii. They have two daughters, Suhaila and Savita. Konrad Ng currently is a US citizen. He is an assistant professor at the University of Hawaii's Academy of Creative Media. He studied philosophy at McGill University and cultural studies at the University of Victoria before he got his PhD from University of Hawaii at Manoa.
The company started as the second collaboration between fraternity brothers who met at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. Two of the founders, Jeff Stewart and David Uyttendaele previously founded the Internet design firm Square Earth. Square Earth eventually merged with another web design firm, Proxicom in January 1998. The combined companies went public on April 14, 1999.. After the merger, Jeff Stewart decided to explore the idea of an online printing company after thinking of the idea while waiting at a retail copy shop at 2AM in San Francisco. He once again partnered with David Uyttendaele and another associate, Key Comptom to start the company. They recruited another fraternity brother and RPI graduate John Delbridge as both CFO and COO. David took on the role of CTO.
He was educated at Ampleforth College before reading History at Corpus Christi College, Oxford, where he studied for a doctorate after taking the Diploma in Celtic Studies under Sir Idris Foster. He held a Bergin Fellowship at the Dublin Institute for Advanced Studies from 1968 to 1969. He then was a Junior Research Fellow and then a Fellow in History at Corpus Christi College before being appointed to the chair of Celtic.
Spike Dykes is a 1959 alumnus of Stephen F. Austin State University, where he played center on the Lumberjacks football team. Upon graduation, he served in several high school head and assistant coaching positions, including a stint as defensive coordinator under Emory Bellard at San Angelo Central High School in San Angelo, Texas. In 1972, Dykes became an assistant coach at the University of Texas. He filled assistant roles at two other universities before returning to the high school level to coach at Midland Lee from 1980 to 1983.
Zad Moultaka (born 1967) is a Lebanese composer and pianist. He attended the Conservatoire de Paris and has played at the Baalbeck International Festival. He worked with Fadia Tomb El-Hage in his 2009 album Visions.
Cliff Holden is a member of the London Group. He is a Fellow of the Chartered Society of Designers and the Free Painters & Sculptors. He is also a design associate of the American Institute of Interior Designers. He received an honorary doctorate from London South Bank University in 2006.
A native of Bern, Thomas Helbling studied Law at the University of Bern and holds a Master of Laws from the University of London. After spending his early career as a lawyer in Bern and London, he entered public service in 1998, when he became advisor to Federal Councillor Adolf Ogi and his successor, Samuel Schmid.
John Glenn was born in Cambridge, Ohio, to John Herschel Glenn Sr. and Teresa (née Sproat). He was raised in New Concord, Ohio. Glenn studied mathematics at Muskingum College, and received his private pilot's license as physics course credit in 1941. When the attack on Pearl Harbor brought the United States into World War II, he dropped out of college and enlisted in the U.S. Army Air Corps; however, the Army did not call him up, and in March 1942 he enlisted as a United States Navy aviation cadet. He trained at Naval Air Station Olathe, where he made his first solo flight in a military aircraft. During advanced training in 1943 at the Naval Air Station Corpus Christi, he was reassigned to the United States Marine Corps. After completing his training, Glenn was assigned to Marine squadron VMJ-353, flying R4D transport planes. He eventually managed a transfer to VMF-155 as an F4U Corsair pilot, and flew 59 combat missions in the South Pacific. He saw action over the Marshall Islands, where he attacked anti-aircraft batteries and dropped bombs on Maloelap. In 1945 he was assigned to Naval Air Station Patuxent River, Maryland, where he was promoted to captain shortly before the war ended. Glenn flew patrol missions in North China with the VMF-218 squadron, until it was transferred to Guam. In 1948 he became a flight instructor at Naval Air Station Corpus Christi, Texas, then attended the amphibious warfare school and received a staff assignment.
Phaedra Nicolaidis is an Australian actress, who has appeared in television, film and theatre roles. Phaedra graduated from Australia's National Institute of Dramatic Art (NIDA) with a degree in Performing Arts (Acting) in 2004.
Dixon was born on 27 November 1867 in Pickering, North Yorkshire to G.T. Dixon, and was the younger brother of Alfred Cardew Dixon. From 1879 to 1885 he studied at Kingswood School, before matriculating at Worcester College, Oxford as a scholar to study mathematics. In 1898 he became a Tutorial Fellow at Merton College, and in 1899 he graduated.
, speaker magnum_opus = Bent Not Broken genre = Autobiography, Non-fiction influences = salary = networth = website = http://laurenkimroche.com footnotes =)) Lauren Kim Roche (born 5 November 1961) is a bestselling author and physician. She was born in Miramar, New Zealand, a suburb of Wellington. In 1991, she obtained her medical degree from the University of Otago in Dunedin, New Zealand. Diploma in Obstetrics, gained at University of Auckland 1994.
For the Scottish writer see Brian Morton. Brian Morton (born 1955) is an American author, born in New York City. He graduated from Sarah Lawrence College. He has worked for Dissent, where he became executive editor in 1995. He currently teaches at Sarah Lawrence College, New York University and The Bennington Writing Seminars. Morton grew up in Teaneck, New Jersey.
In 1901, at age 28, Sarah married James Starr, a mining official also descended from James Logan. James graduated from the University of Pennsylvania in 1891 and later earned a degree of Mining Engineering from Towne Scientific School in 1892. James was most well known for his collection of Chinese stamps. Mary Meigs, Sarah's niece, describes Sarah's and Elizabeth's choices in husbands: ``They selected for husbands, businessmen who were as much alike as Tweedledum and Tweedledee. Their names were Stewart and Jim, both had benevolent faces and handlebar moustaches, and, at parties, chewed on their cigars and listened to their wives... ''Jim of course never speaks if he can help it...speaking is against his principles``... ''Jim actually interrupts! `` But his little flare of rebellion was quickly extinguished and I remember only his good-natured silences while Aunt Sarah's tongue reeled out like a string with a colourful kite dancing at the end.
Harrington was the son of John Harrington of Kelston, Somerset and was baptised at Kelston on 19 May, 1627. He matriculated at Lincoln College, Oxford on 21 February 1640, aged 13. In the Civil War he was a captain of a Somerset troop of horse in the Parliamentary army. He was of Corston, and later of Kelston. His father died in 1654. In 1654, he was elected Member of Parliament for Somerset in the First Protectorate Parliament. He was re-elected MP for Somerset in 1656 for the Second Protectorate Parliament. In 1659 he was elected MP for Bath for the Third Protectorate Parliament. Harrington died at the age of 73 at Bath and was buried there on 16 April 1700.
Robartes was the eldest son of John Robartes, 1st Earl of Radnor and his wife Lucy Rich, second daughter of Robert Rich, 2nd Earl of Warwick.. He was educated at Felsted School in Essex.
David John Thomas (25 November 1911 - 19 September 2001) was a Welsh cricketer. Thomas was a right-handed batsman who bowled slow left arm orthodox. He was born at Swansea, Glamorgan. Thomas was educated at Swansea University in his later early years.
Watts' championing of Gia-Fu as a genuine Taoist Adept substantially abetted sales of Gia-Fu and his wife, Jane English's classic Taoist philosophy, coffee-table picture-books, which were published by Random House in many languages. Gia-Fu and Jane's books contained Jane's artistic black-and-white photos in conjunction with his outstanding calligraphy and readily understood wisdom translations. They initiated an important segment of what would become for the global book industry a highly popular, multicultural spirituality and philosophy genre. They also foreshadowed a trend toward multi-media usage in an emergent, classy, holistic marketplace. Gia-Fu became involved in the East-West philosophy and spirituality movement that occurred in Northern California, centered by the evolution of the AAAS, reformed as the California Institute of Integral Studies. This was part of a core sociocultural transformation that became known as the San Francisco Renaissance. Regarding that, Alan Watts stated, ``I know what it is, but when you ask me, I don't. I am too close to what has happened to see it in proper perspective. I know only that between, say, 1958 and 1970 a huge tide of spiritual energy in the form of poetry, music, philosophy, painting, religion, communications techniques in radio, television, and cinema, dancing, theater, and general life-style swept out of this city and its environs to affect America and the whole world.'' Michael Murphy, a primary founder of Esalen Institute, was also a student at the AAAS during his Stanford student days. From this network, including the community of the Sri Aurobindo Ashram in San Francisco, the seeds of Esalen were planted. Gia-Fu was drawn to Esalen by his close friend Dick Price. At Esalen, Gia-Fu served as accountant, ``Keeper of the Baths'' and Crazy Taoist, a few stories of which can be found in the entertaining and informative history of Esalen and birth of the human potential movement, The Upstart Spring.
Michael Nakoneczny (born 1952) is an American artist. He lived in Chicago for over twenty years. He is currently teaching painting at the University of Alaska in Fairbanks, Alaska. Michael has received numerous awards including a Rasmuson Foundation Grant, Illinois Art Council Fellowship and an Arts Midwest/NEA Regional Fellowship. He received a BFA from Cleveland State University and an MFA from the University of Cincinnati. Michael Nakoneczny is represented by Zolla/Lieberman Gallery, Inc., Chicago, IL. and Grover Thurston Gallery in Seattle, WA.
Ivo James Benedict Stourton (born 1982) is the son of journalist and broadcaster Edward Stourton. He was educated at Eton College. Stourton first came into the public eye at the age of 17 when he wrote and starred in Kassandra, an award-winning Edinburgh Festival production about the Vietnam war. He studied at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge where he achieved a Double 1st in English.
Charters is married to the writer, editor, Beat generation scholar, photographer, and pianist Ann Charters (b. 1936), whom he met at the University of California, Berkeley during the 1954-55 academic year in a music class; she is a professor of English and American literature at the University of Connecticut. The two have collaborated on many projects, particularly their extensive field recording work.
May Telmissany is an Egyptian-Canadian author and academic. She was born in Cairo in 1965 and studied French literature at Ain Shams University. She worked for several years in the French Service of Radio Cairo and in the arts faculty at Menoufia University. She also lived for a time in Paris. In 1995, she obtained a Masters in French literature from Cairo University. She moved to Canada in 1998 for her doctoral studies, eventually completing her PhD in 2001 from the University of Montreal under a CIDA scholarship. She has since taught at the universities of Montréal, Concordia and McGill.
Similarly, the gates are opened for Commencement on graduation weekend, this time to let the graduates out after a general graduation ceremony on campus. During the ceremony of the 2010 graduation, Nelson Mandela and Morgan Freeman received an honorary PhD from Brown University-- Mandela chose to be represented, but American actor Freeman was present.
She attended some of the UK's most expensive fee-paying public schools; Allen attended 13 schools in all, including Prince Charles's junior alma mater, Hill House School, Millfield, Bedales School and was expelled from several of them for drinking and smoking. When Allen was 11, former University of Victoria music student Rachel Santesso overheard Allen singing Wonderwall by Oasis in the school's playground; impressed, Santesso, who later became an award-winning soprano and composer, called Allen into her office the next day and started giving her lunchtime singing lessons. This would lead to Allen singing Baby Mine from Disney's Dumbo at a school concert. Allen would tell Loveline that the audience was ``brought to tears at the sight of a troubled young girl doing something good''. At that point Allen said she knew that music was something she needed to do either as a lifelong vocation or to get it out of her system. Allen played piano to grade 5 standard and achieved Grade 8 in singing. She also played violin, guitar and trumpet as well as being a member of a chamber choir. Her first solo was ``In the Bleak Midwinter.'' Allen made an appearance as a lady-in-waiting in the 1998 film Elizabeth, which was co-produced by her mother. She dropped out of school at age fifteen, not wanting to ``spend a third of her life preparing to work for the next third of her life, to set herself up with a pension for the next third of her life.''
Dr. Bandaranayake is married to Pradeepa Kariyawasam, an Old Royalist and a Sportsman of Cricketing vintage,who has over 30 years of experience as a Professional Marketeer and International Management Consultant and is currently Chairman of the National Savings Bank. Their only son, Shaveen Bandaranayake Kariyawasam, also a Royalist has just completed his degree in Bachelor of Science in Computing specializing in Multimedia, obtaining a First Class Honours and coming first in the order of Merit from University of Staffordshire. He had carried out his studies at the Asia Pacific Institute of Information Technology (APIIT), Sri Lanka.
Jose Domingo Medrano was born in El Salvador on August 4, 1921. He graduated from the National University in San Salvador and was a famous doctor in El Salvador from 1961-1985. He was a member of the Salvadorean Drug Administration and patented over 10 medical products. After an accident which burned most of his body, he left his fortune to the San Miguel and Rosales Hospital Burn Centers.
C. Boyden Gray attended St. Mark's School in Southborough, Massachusetts, and graduated from Harvard University in 1964. He also served as a sergeant in the United States Marine Corps Reserve from 1965-1970. He attended law school at the University of North Carolina, where he served as Editor-in-Chief of the UNC law review. He graduated in 1968.
Arthur W. Adamson (1919--2003) was a distinguished chemist who is considered a pioneer in inorganic photochemistry. His research made significant contributions to the understanding of physical adsorption and contact angle phenomena, and the thermodynamics of surfaces and irreversible adsorption. Born in Shanghai, China, he received his B.S. in chemistry at the University of California at Berkeley in 1940 and his Ph.D. in physical chemistry at the University of Chicago in 1944. After two years as a research associate for the Manhattan Project in Oak Ridge, Tennessee, he began a career at the University of Southern California that extended through his appointment as professor emeritus in 1989. He chaired the USC Department of Chemistry from 1972 to 1975.
He studied physics at the University of Bristol, obtaining a Ph.D. in 1936. At this time he also received lessons from Raymond Jones, a teacher at Bath Technical School and later organist at Bath Abbey. The church organ was one of the main loves of his life, apart from science. He worked in the cosmic ray research team at the University of Manchester until the outbreak of World War II, during which he worked for the Telecommunications Research Establishment (TRE) developing radar systems to be installed in aircraft, among them H2S, for which he received an OBE in 1946.
The son of a shipyard worker, George McWhirter was raised in a large extended family on the Shankill Road in Belfast. In 1957 he began a ``combined scholarship'' studying English and Spanish at Queen's University, Belfast, and education at Stranmillis College, Belfast. His tutor at Queen's was the poet Laurence Lerner, and he was a classmate with the future literary critic Robert Dunbar and the poets Seamus Heaney and Seamus Deane. After graduating, McWhirter taught in Kilkeel and Bangor, County Down, Northern Ireland, and in Barcelona, Spain, before moving to Port Alberni, B.C. Canada. After receiving his M.A. from the University of British Columbia (UBC), where he studied under Michael Bullock and J. Michael Yates, he stayed on to become a Full Professor in 1982 and Head of the Creative Writing Department from 1983 to 1993. He retired as a Professor Emeritus in 2005. He was associated with PRISM international magazine from 1968 to 2005. McWhirter is the author and editor of numerous books and the recipient of many awards. His first book of poetry, Catalan Poems, was a joint winner of the first Commonwealth Poetry Prize with Chinua Achebe's Beware, Soul Brother. He was made a life member of the League of Canadian Poets in 2005 and is also a member of the Writers`` Union of Canada, PEN International, the Federation of B.C. Writers and the Literary Translators`` Association of Canada. In March 2007, he was named Vancouver's inaugural Poet Laureate for a two-year term. He currently writes full--time and lives in Vancouver with his wife. They have two children.
Einar Hoidale (August 17, 1870 -- December 5, 1952) was a Norwegian-American politician. Born in Tromsø, Norway, he immigrated to the United States at the age of seven. He graduated from the University of Minnesota Law School in 1898. As a lawyer and a businessman he became a prominent member of the community in Minnesota. He was the Democratic candidate for the United States Senate from Minnesota in 1930. He was elected at-large to the United States House of Representatives and served in the 73rd Congress from 1933 to 1935 as a Democrat. He lost a subsequent election after being nominated again for the U.S. Senate.
Brenda Silsbe (née Taft) was born October 10, 1953 in Terrace, British Columbia, Canada. In 1977 she received a Bachelor of Education degree from the University of British Columbia and returned to Terrace to teach primary school. Silsbe had her first work of children's fiction published in 1989 by Annick Press.
Wamsutta was born in circa 1634 as the eldest son of Massasoit, leader of the Wampanoag. Wamsutta and his brother Metacomet studied at Harvard College. Wamsutta married Weetamoo. After their father, Massasoit, died in 1661, the two sons commemorated the life-changing event by officially changing their names. Wamsutta took the name of ``Alexander'' and Metacomet took the name of ``Philip''. Having later stated that he was more important than the leaders of the English colonies, he acquired the nickname ``King Philip''.
Casting of the show included using some of the actors who had already appeared in the movie, including Brad Leland as Buddy Garrity, a character similar to the one he had played in the movie, and Connie Britton as Tami Taylor, wife of coach Eric Taylor. Britton had felt that the female story lines were underplayed in the movie, but was promised by Berg that these topics would be given more attention in the television series. Kyle Chandler, playing the role of head coach Eric Taylor, said he had played some high school football, ``but I was no good''. He recalled showing up to an early meeting with Berg after a friend's party where he ``had too much to drink, smoked too many cigarettes'' and was generally quite tired. Berg liked that look, since he wanted the coach to appear old and weary. ``You need to drink a lot of scotch and smoke a lot of cigarettes,'' he advised. Scott Porter, playing the role of quarterback Jason Street, knew that his character would be paralyzed from the first episode on, and said that this was a big part of the reason why he took the role. Porter played football for University of Central Florida, as a wide receiver. He also played on a highly successful team in high school, and described himself as huge fan of the Friday Night Lights movie. Meanwhile Taylor Kitsch, the show's Tim Riggins, said in an interview that he was able to relate to his character based on his own personal experiences: ``my father is out of my life, more or less'', he revealed in an interview, ``So I discover stuff that maybe I wasn't even dealing with as a person.'' Zach Gilford said about his character Matt Saracen that ``there are different parts of it from people I know growing up or people I'm tight with now''. He credited Peter Berg with coming up with the Saracen character, and said he was grateful to ``have some of the most realistic and heartfelt storylines.'' When asked which of the actors would have been drafted highest by the NFL, he replied ``Probably Taylor (Kitsch). He's a good athlete, but Scott will kill me for saying that. Scott played football growing up and he has a good arm, but Taylor is faster and I think that would help his draft status.'' Gaius Charles, who plays ``Smash'' Williams, graduated from the Carnegie Mellon School of Drama in 2005, determined to find a job within a year, which he did with Friday Night Lights. He describes himself as ``all right'' at football, but says that he was taken aback by the intensity of the plays on the set. Mack Brown, the head coach of the University of Texas at Austin Longhorn football team, plays a cameo in the episodes. He appears in the pep rally scene, where he is a member of the local community questioning coach Taylor. Brown played without a script because, according to Berg, ``you've heard fathers for 33 years, so you ought to know what to say.'' Kyle Chandler, as coach Taylor, was reportedly surprised by Brown's intensity.
Gilder attended Northfield Mount Hermon School before enrolling in Yale College. He received a Doctor of Humane Letters in 2007 from Yale. He provided over half the necessary funding for the recently completed Richard Gilder Boathouse for Yale rowers.
Born in Brockville, Ontario, the son of Jacob Phillips and Mary Rosenbloom, he was educated in public and high schools in Cornwall. In 1908, he articled with the Cornwall lawyer, Robert Smith, who later would be named to the Supreme Court of Canada. He graduated from Osgoode Hall Law School in 1913 and was called to the Ontario Bar in 1914. He practised law in Toronto and was appointed a King's Counsel in 1929. He married Esther Lyons (1893--1983) in 1917 and they had three children: Lewis, born on December 30, 1917; Madeline, born on October 20, 1919, and Howard, born on November 30, 1931. Tragically on Mother's Day, May 12, 1929, Lewis was struck by an automobile and instantly killed.
Anton Losenko was born to the family of a Ukrainian cossack. Soon he became an orphan and at the age of seven was sent to a Court Choir in Saint Petersburg. In 1753, as he had lost his voice but had shown talent for painting, he was sent for apprenticeship to the artist Ivan Argunov. In 1758, after five and a half years of apprenticeship, he was admitted to the Imperial Academy of Arts. Among the paintings created there was his Portrait of Ivan Shuvalov.
Joseph Badal graduated with his Bachelors of Science degree in International Finance from Temple University and went on to get his MBA from the University of New Mexico before beginning a thirty-five year career in the banking and financial services industry. He is currently CEO of Joseph Badal & Associates, Inc., a financial and management consulting firm.
He was born about 1581 at Hawkshead in Furness, Lancashire, and was educated at the Hawkshead grammar school, founded by his kinsman, Archbishop Edwin Sandys. He was a near relative of John Walker. He went to St. John's College, Cambridge, where he graduated B.A. in 1608 and M.A. in 1611. His former tutor, Christopher Foster, who held the rectory of St. John Evangelist, Watling Street, the smallest parish in London, resigned that benefice in favour of Walker, who was inducted on 29 April 1614. There he continued all his life, refusing preferment.
Henry Winter Syle was born in Shanghai, China; Syle was a student and parishioner of Thomas Gallaudet. He was deaf from an early age. He attended Trinity College in Hartford, Connecticut, St. John's College in Cambridge, England, and Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut. Syle was encouraged to become a priest by Gallaudet. On October 14, 1884, he became the first deaf person to be ordained by the Episcopal Church in the United States. He established a congregation for the deaf in 1888 and died on January 6, 1890.
La Farge was born in New York City the son of Christopher Grant La Farge and Florence Bayard Lockwood, the niece of Senator Thomas F. Bayard. He was named for his ancestor Oliver Hazard Perry and his uncle, architect Oliver H.P. La Farge I. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Harvard University during 1924 and a Master's Degree from the same university in 1929. A member of the university rowing team, he rowed as captain of a men's eight-oared shell.
Jason Taniguchi is a writer and actor from Toronto, Ontario, Canada. His poems and short fiction appear in the collection Jason Taniguchi's Very Sensible Stories and Poems for Grown-ups from Kelp Queen Press. He has also both written for and appeared in the History Television series History Bites. Taniguchi is known for his one-man science fiction parody shows at Ad Astra, for which he received the 2003 Aurora Award in the category Fan (Other). Jason is a graduate of the University of Toronto Schools and Trinity College in the University of Toronto. He also founded the Serial Diners, a Toronto dining club, in 1989.
Meg Sneed graduated from North High School (Phoenix, Arizona). In 2006 Meg Sneed was diagnosed with Breast Cancer.
David Chapman was educated at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge.He played two matches for Cambridge University in 1876-77. He later became ordained a clergyman, and was Vicar of Tonbridge from 1901 to 1931.
Manoj Badale, (born 31 December 1967) was born in Dhule, Maharashtra, India and later on moved to the UK. Manoj is a graduate of the University of Cambridge. He is the Chairman of Rajasthan Royals, an Indian Premier League Team representing Jaipur, Rajasthan. He is also the co-founder and managing partner of Blenheim Chalcot, an early stage investment group that actively manages a portfolio of fast growth ventures in technology, financial services or media. And the Chairman of Emerging Media, a company that develops and acquires media rights with a focus on the Indian sub-continent. Manoj is also involved in various charitable activities. He is chairman of the British Asian Trust (part of the Prince of Wales' Charities organisation) and of the Prince's Charities Events Ltd., as well as chairman of Operation Smile UK, a children's charity treating facial deformities such as cleft lips and cleft palates all around the world.
Coming from Chōshū Tokuma was a protégé of Yamagata Aritomo. In 1879 he graduated from the Imperial College of Engineering. During his late twenties and early thirties he assisted Josiah Conder in designing and building a Western-style residence for Prince Arisugawa Taruhito and then on the new Imperial Palace in Tokyo. During the 1880 he was sent to Europe and America to study interior decoration, including furniture. In 1887 he was appointed as an officer in the construction office of the Imperial Household.
TGR was founded by Corey Gavitt, brothers Todd and Steve Jones, and Dirk Collins. Gavitt, the son of legendary basketball coach and ex-Boston Celtics CEO Dave Gavitt, grew up in Providence, Rhode Island and spent summers on Cape Cod. He was a high school all-American lacrosse player and graduated from the University of North Carolina, where he won a national championship. He is a former University of Maryland assistant woman's basketball coach, Boston Celtics scout, and special assistant to the Celtics General Manager. Steve Jones grew up on Cape Cod and spent the weekends skiing in Stowe, Vermont. He graduated from Holderness School in 1987. He later transferred to the University of Montana and graduated from the National Outdoor Leadership School. Brother Todd Jones also grew up on Cape Cod and spent the weekends skiing in Stowe. He is a 1989 graduate of Kimball Union Academy. He attended the University of Montana and graduated from the National Outdoor Leadership School. Dirk Collins, the son of a kayaker, grew up skiing and climbing in the Chugach Mountains of Alaska. He attended high school in Anchorage and completed two years at the University of Alaska Anchorage before moving to Jackson Hole in 1991. The four met skiing and working as commercial fishermen in Alaska.
Bertrand M. Tipple was born at Camden, Oneida County, New York on December 1, 1868, the son of Martin Tipple (7 March 1819 -- 16 May 1901) and Sara Elizabeth Squier (June 1841 -- 3 June 1916). His brother was Ezra Squier Tipple (1861--1936). He was educated at Cazenovia Seminary, graduating in 1990, then on to Syracuse University where he would receive his A.B. in 1894, and ten years later a D.D. (1904). While at Syracuse, he was a member of the Delta Upsilon fraternity, serving as recording secretary and president. He lived in the D.U. house and had as a fellow brother, also living in the house, Stephen Crane. During his college years he served as an editor for the monthly University Herald, played baseball, studied classical history, and was a member of the Phi Beta Kappa Society. He also served as a correspondent for the New York Tribune and the Mail and Express, and for the Post-Standard of Syracuse.
He was born in Maniwaki, Quebec, the son of Alphonse Fournier, who served in the Canadian House of Commons, and Lorette Roy. Fournier studied at the Normal School in Hull, at the Collège Brébeuf in Montreal, at the University of Ottawa and at the Université de Montréal. He was admitted to the Quebec bar in 1948. Fournier was legal counsel for the city of Hull and the municipalities of Pointe-Gatineau, Denholm and Low. He was named Queen's Counsel in 1963 and was bâtonnier for the Hull bar in 1964 and 1965.
Gordon and Lizabeth Roth moved with their children to the Seattle area from North Dakota in the late 1950s. Randy and his brother David, also a convicted murderer, later gave conflicting reports on the nature of their upbringing. David claimed their father was abusive and their mother supportive. Randy apparently bonded with his father more closely and remained in touch with him throughout his life while snubbing his mother, telling friends she was dead or mentally unstable. After his parents divorced in 1971 Randy Roth worked various jobs to help pay the bills. He was known to drive fast and be quick to fight, apparently attempting to emulate his hero Billy Jack. He attended Meadowdale High School and joined the Marines in 1973. Shortly before his deployment he robbed a service station where he had previously been employed, but he was not charged with the crime at that time. Roth was mustered out of the Marines after only eleven months and soon became engaged. His fiancé suspected him of cheating and broke off the engagement. A few months later the fiancé's family's home was robbed, and she told police she suspected Randy Roth of the crime, as well as the earlier robbery. Items stolen from the home were recovered at Roth's residence and he pled guilty to burglary. Charges related to the previous stick-up were dropped, and Roth served only two weeks in jail. Shortly after being released Roth married the girl he had been cheating on his fiancé with. He later abruptly divorced her with no explanation and got custody of their son Greg.
Kevin Brooks was born on May 4, 1967. Kevin received a B.A. from Lee University, where he was also named an honorary member of Upsilon Xi. He is currently serving his third consecutive term as a State Representative (2006, 2008, 2010). In 2011, Kevin received the ``Legislator of the Year'' award by Tennessee Community Organizers. In March 2011, he declined an automatic pay raise.
B. M. Higginson, Jr. was the national clay pigeon shooting champion on 1912. He was a Harvard University graduate and a member of the New York Athletic Club. Coming in second in 1912 was the 1905 champion John H. Hendrickson.
Born Anthony Brian Jackson in Penzance, Cornwall, Jackson was a child prodigy and began performing as a concert pianist at age 6 and as an organist at the age of 12. He also started conducting choirs and orchestras as a teenager and worked as a producer at the BBC from 1965-1968. He earned both a Fellowship Diploma from the Royal College of Organists and an Associate Diploma from the Royal College of Music in 1964. In 1965 he graduated from the University of Oxford with a Bachelor of Music and went on to earn a Master of Music in 1968 from that university.
Among his many workshop and classroom teaching assignments, Tootie Heath is a regular instructor at the Stanford Jazz Workshop.
Harold Chestnut received many awards: In 1966 he received an Honorary Doctorate in engineering from Case Institute of Technology, Cleveland, and in 1972 from Villanova University. In 1984 he won the IEEE Centennial Medal and in 1985 the AACC Bellman Heritage Award. Chestnut further in 1981 received the prestigious Honda Prize for ecotechnology, with it a substantial financial award from the Japan's Honda Foundation. He was further a Fellow of the AIEE, ISA, and AAAS. He was elected to the US National Academy of Engineering in 1974 and selected as a Case Centennial Scholar in 1980.
Vivian Gray (born February 19, 1983) is an actress and citizen of both the United Kingdom and Mexico. She has lived in both countries with her Scottish father and Mexican mother. Later, she attended the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York and the Tisch School for the Arts at New York University. She currently resides in Los Angeles.
Steve Dunwell lives in the Bay Village neighborhood of Boston. He has been an instructor at New England School of Photography and now teaches workshops at Panasonic Digital Photography Academy. His photographs are included in numerous corporate and private collections.
Born in Chicago, Illinois, Crispin Freeman is the oldest of three children; he has a younger brother; actor, producer, director, and musician Clark Freeman, and a sister; actress and musician Cassidy Freeman. All three siblings attended the Latin School of Chicago, where he graduated in 1990. He earned his Bachelor of Arts degree from Williams College, majoring in Theater and minoring in Computer Science. Afterward, he earned his Master of Fine Arts degree from Columbia University in Acting, and performed on Broadway (New York City), at the American Repertory Theater in (Cambridge), at the Mark Taper Forum in (Los Angeles), at Cincinnati's Playhouse in the Park, and at the Williamstown Theater Festival.
Kinfe Abraham was of Ethiopian-Jewish ancestry, born in Adwa. He and attended Haile Selassie University, graduating with a Bachelors Degree in 1971. Shortly afterwards he soon left for the Netherlands where he did his graduate work, receiving his Master's in Industrial Management at the Research Institute for Management Science degree in 1973. Upon returning to Ethiopia, he worked for the International Labor Organization. Shortly after the Derg assumed power, he left for Sweden accepting an international post with the Swedish International Development Agency, where he worked for the next 10 years. Dr. Kinfe received his PhD from Uppsala University in Sweden and City University -- Los Angeles in 1982, and was awarded a Fullbright scholarship in 1983.
Donald Samuel Ornstein (born July 30, 1934, New York) is an American mathematician working in the area of ergodic theory. He received a Ph.D. from the University of Chicago in 1957 under the guidance of Irving Kaplansky. During his career at Stanford University he supervised the Ph. D. thesis of twenty three students
Henry Swinburne (1551--1624) was an English ecclesiastical lawyer and scholar. Initially working as a clerk at a Consistory Court he attended the University of Oxford from 1576 to 1580, graduating with a Bachelor of Civil Law (BCL) degree, and was admitted to the bar at York to work as an ecclesiastical lawyer. As well as his work as a lawyer he held various administrative and judicial positions. He died in 1624.
Evert was born in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, to Colette Thompson and Jimmy Evert. She is partially of Luxembourgish ancestry. Jimmy was a professional tennis coach, and tennis was a way of life in his family. Chris and her sister Jeanne Evert became professional tennis players, and their brother John Evert attended Auburn University, in Auburn, Alabama, on a full athletic scholarship for intercollegiate tennis. Evert is a 1973 graduate of St. Thomas Aquinas High School in Fort Lauderdale.
William Jewett Tucker graduated from Dartmouth in 1861 and studied for the ministry at Andover Theological Seminary. Ordained in 1867, he was a Congregational pastor in Manchester, New Hampshire, and, later, in New York City. He returned to Andover in 1879 as professor of sacred rhetoric and became an editor of the Andover Review and a founder of The South End House, one of Boston's first settlement houses for the poor. At Andover, he was a central figure in the ``Andover Controversy'' of 1886-1892, when charges were filed against five professors calling for a liberalization of Congregational views. In 1890, the Supreme Court of Massachusetts declared the proceedings ``faulty''; in 1892, all five professors, Tucker included, were ``acquitted.''
Frank Hamblen is a National Basketball Association (NBA) coach and scout, and a former college basketball player at Syracuse University. He has served as an interim head coach for two different teams; for the Milwaukee Bucks in 1992 and the Los Angeles Lakers in 2005. He also has served as an assistant coach on four NBA teams (Kansas City/Sacramento Kings, Milwaukee Bucks, Chicago Bulls, Los Angeles Lakers), often alongside Phil Jackson. Hamblen has been an assistant coach on seven championship teams, two with Jackson's Bulls and five with Jackson's Lakers. Jackson retired after the 2010--11 season, and Hamblens contract with the Lakers expired as well. - align=``left'' MIL align=``left'' 65 23 42 .354 align=``center'' 6th in Central -- -- -- -- align=``center'' Missed Playoffs - align=``left'' LAL align=``left'' 39 10 29 .256 align=``center'' 4th in Pacific -- -- -- -- align=``center'' Missed Playoffs -class=``sortbottom'' align=``left'' Career 104 33 71 .317 0 0 0 0
Thomas P. Revelle the proponent for the founding of Seattle's Pike Place Market. Revelle was born in Maryland but moved to Seattle in 1898 where he arrived to serve as a minister at a local church. He studied law at the University of Washington and became a member of the bar. He ran for City Council and served in 1906 through 1907. In 1910 he ran for Congress but lost the election. He served as a federal attorney for Western Washington. In this capacity Revelle prosecuted and convicted the former Seattle Police official turned bootlegger Roy Olmstead during Prohibition.
Mary Beth Rosson is a Professor at the Penn State College of Information Sciences and Technology. Most of her research concentrates on End User Programming, Computer Supported Cooperative Work (CSCW) and Human-Computer Interaction (HCI). Prior to teaching at Penn State, Rosson taught at the Virginia Tech Computer Science department and worked as a researcher and manager at IBM's Thomas J. Watson Research Center. Rosson earned her Ph.D. in experimental psychology in 1982 from the University of Texas (1).
She debuted abroad at the 1989 Paganini Competition, where she was awarded the 4th prize. In 1994 she shared with Jennifer Koh the X Tchaikovsky Competition's 2nd prize, with no 1st prize awarded. Two years later she graduated from the Moscow Conservatory.
Hasan Khurshid Rumi was born on November 2, 1959 in Chittagong. Was grown-up in Old Dhaka, the historical part of the capital of Bangladesh. His grand father was one of the constitution-maker of India and a famous lawer who migrated into East Pakistan, which became Bangladesh. Rumi saw a dogfight between a Pakistani and an Indian fighter plane in 1971 from rooftop during the liberation war. Rumi graduated from Jagannath University.
Song was born in South Korea and grew up in Montreal. He began piano studies at the age of eight and received a full scholarship to Philadelphia's Curtis Institute of Music in 1994. He earned a bachelor degree from Montreal University in 1998 and continued his studies with Anton Kuerti at the University of Toronto and at The Glenn Gould School with Marc Durand. He completed his doctoral studies at the University of Minnesota in 2004, studying with Lydia Artymiw. He has also studied with Leon Fleisher, Jorge Chaminé and Marie-Francoise Bucquet. He has performed as a soloist with the Cincinnati Symphony, the Peoria Symphony Orchestra, the Orchestre Symphonique de Montréal, the Toronto Symphony Orchestra, the National Arts Centre Orchestra and the EuroAsian Philharmonic Orchestra in Korea and Thailand.
In 1886, Laffoon moved to Washington, D.C. to live with his uncle, U.S. Representative Polk Laffoon. There he served as a messenger in the office of Judge C. R. Faulkner, director of the pension office. In September 1887, he enrolled at Columbia Law School (asserted by Vernon Gipson to have been a prior designation for George Washington University Law School). On October 17, 1888, he matriculated to Washington and Lee University, where he earned a law degree in 1890. He returned to Madisonville, was admitted to the bar, and began practicing in the office of Judge William H. Yost. He became active in the Democratic Party and served as a county election officer. In 1892, he was elected city attorney of Madisonville over Ward Headley. In 1894, he ran for the office of county attorney for Hopkins County, but lost to Roy Salmon by seventeen votes.
Mildred Brown was born in Bessemer, Alabama in 1905 to Rev. and Mrs. Bennie J. Brown, a prominent African-American family. Her mother was a teacher. They encouraged her education. In 1931 Brown graduated from Miles College (then called Miles Memorial Teachers College), an historically black college (HBCU) founded in Birmingham, Alabama by the Christian Methodist Episcopal Church (CME Church).
The third and posthumous son of John Hibbert (1732--1769), a Jamaica merchant, and Janet, daughter of Samuel Gordon, he was born in Jamaica; hence he spoke of himself as a Creole. His mother died early. Between 1784 and 1788, he was a pupil of Gilbert Wakefield at Nottingham. At a later period (1800--01), when Wakefield was imprisoned in Dorchester for writing a political pamphlet, Hibbert, though not wealthy then, sent him £1,000. He entered Emmanuel College, Cambridge, in 1788, and graduated B.A. in 1791. At Cambridge he formed a lifelong friendship with William Frend.
Michael A. Milton holds a Bachelor of Arts from MidAmerica Nazarene University in Olathe, Kansas as well as a Masters of Divinity from Knox Theological Seminary in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, and earned a Doctor of Philosophy degree from the University of Wales, Lampeter in historical theology. He was a graduate in Albanian at the Defense Language Institute and earned the diploma from the Command and General Staff College from his service as a commissioned officer in the United States Army Reserves, where he serves as a chaplain. He is presently an instructor at the United States Army Chaplain Center and School at Fort Jackson, South Carolina.
John Embree received his B.A. from the University of Hawaii in 1931, his M.A. from the University of Toronto in 1934 and his Ph.D from the University of Chicago in 1937. In 1935--36, as part of his doctoral thesis, he conducted field research in a rural area of Kumamoto on the southernmost Japanese island of Kyūshū. The study culminated in the seminal book Suye Mura: A Japanese Village, published in 1939 by the University of Chicago Press. His wife, Ella Lury Embree (later, Wiswell) conducted the research in Suye Mura alongside him, and subsequently published her own ethnographical work on the subject, The Women of Suye Mura.
Job Adams Cooper was born in Greenville, Illinois, to Charles and Maria Hadley Cooper, one of seven children. The future Governor attended Knox College in Galesburg, Illinois, but took a leave of absence to fight in the American Civil War for the Union Army. Cooper enlisted as a sergeant in the 137th Illinois Volunteer Infantry, and was stationed in Memphis, Tennessee, during the Confederate raid on the city by troopers under the command of General Nathan Bedford Forrest. Following the war, he returned to complete his studies. Upon graduation from Knox College in 1867, he returned to his hometown of Greenville and was admitted to practice law in Illinois. That same year, he married Jane O. Barnes, the daughter of a prominent minister, and they had four children together. Leaving his family behind in 1872, he accompanied A. C. Phelps on a westward journey hoping to find entrepreneurial opportunities, and eventually settled in Denver, Colorado, where they started the law firm of Phelps and Cooper. In between 1872 and 1888, Cooper expanded his business interests to include insurance, banking, mining, and the cattle industry.
Filmmaker Pierce Rafferty (born 1952) grew up in Connecticut and moved to New York City in 1982. Some of his relatives include grandfather Marvin Pierce, president and later chairman of McCall Corporation, the publisher of the popular women's magazines Redbook and McCall's; and an early New England colonist named Thomas Pierce, also an ancestor to Franklin Pierce, the 14th President of the United States. Pierce attended Phillips Academy Andover and briefly attended Yale University.
Tom Wright (born 18 September 1957) is a British architect. His most famous design is the Burj Al Arab in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Born in Croydon, a town in Greater London, United Kingdom on 18 September 1957, Wright studied at the Royal Russell School and then later at the Kingston University School of Architecture. Qualified in 1983, Wright went on to become a director of the architectural practice Lister Drew Haines Barrow, which was taken over in 1991 by Atkins, for whom he has worked since then.
Stuart Cornfeld is a film producer, business partner with Ben Stiller in the company, Red Hour Productions, and an actor. His hometown is Tarzana, California, and he attended the University of California at Berkeley in the early 1970s. The appearance and personality of Les Grossman, the hotheaded and foul-mouthed Hollywood producer played by Tom Cruise in Stiller's film Tropic Thunder, is reportedly based in part on Cornfeld. He is married to the performance artist Johanna Went.
He was born in Mt. Morris, New York, younger brother to saxophonist Pat LaBarbera, and trumpeter and arranger/composer John LaBarbera. He was formally educated at the Berklee College of Music in Boston, Massachusetts.
Nuraliza Osman grew up in Methodist Girls School. She then attended Victoria Junior College where she studied pre-medicine classes and French. She is described by her peers as a funny, lovely, brash, strong-willed and strong-minded person, well-loved. At Methodist Girls School and Victoria, she was known for her frank, honest and tomboyish image. Many were shocked at how feminine she became for the Miss Universe competition.
The Quay Brothers reside and work in England, having moved there in 1969 to study at the Royal College of Art, London after studying illustration at the Philadelphia College of Art, now the University of the Arts in Philadelphia. In England they made their first short films, which no longer exist after the only print was irreparably damaged. They spent some time in the Netherlands in the 1970s and then returned to England where they teamed up with another Royal College student, Keith Griffiths, who produced all of their films. The trio formed Koninck Studios in 1980, which is currently based in Southwark, south London.
Minoru Ohira (born 1950) is an artist who was born in Niigata, Japan. He received a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from Kanazawa City Arts and Crafts College in 1975 and a Masters in Art Education from Tokyo University of the Arts in 1977. From 1979 to 1981, he continued his education at the Mexico National Institute of Art and then moved to California. Minoru is married to artist Echiko Ohira, with whom he has had numerous joint exhibitions.
William Morris Colles was the son of Rev. William Morris Colles, Vicar of Melton Mowbray. He was educated at Oakham School and Emmanuel College, Cambridge, where he graduated B.A. in 1877. He was called to the Bar from the Inner Temple in 1880, married Fanny Elizabeth Bird the same year,, and practiced on the Midland Circuit.
Henry D. Clayton was born in Pulaski County, Georgia. He graduated from Emory and Henry College in Virginia. He moved to Eufaula, Alabama, after graduation and read law. He passed the bar exam in 1849 and opened an office in Clayton, Alabama, where he married Victoria and raised a family. Two of his sons, Henry De Lamar Clayton, Jr. and Bertram Tracy Clayton, later became United States Congressmen.
Mercedes Valdivieso (March 1, 1924--August 3, 1993) was a Chilean writer, known since her earliest writings for the subversive nature of her texts. She first wrote La Brecha (``Breakthrough'') in 1961, which is considered to be the first feminist Latin-American novel. This novel caused dismay from the reactionary segment of society and loud applause from the critics and is considered a revolutionary departure from the traditional treatment of the feminine role in marriage. ``Breakthrough'' is a novel that ends with the heroine awareness that she didn't really need to depend upon a man in order to lead a fulfilling life. The book enjoyed an unexpected publishing success and went through five consecutive editions. Mercedes Valdivieso had the extreme audacity to become an innovator; she bridged the gap between romantic and domestic fiction in a society where women have been viewed as a sexless gender, icons of virtue, and depending on men to meet the necessities of life. Valdivieso also was founder and director of ``Adan'' a Men's Magazine, she published articles in newspapers and magazines and she gave many lectures and speeches. She taught literature at the University of Peking, at the University of Houston, at Stephen F. Austin State University in Nacogdoches,at University of St. Thomas in Houston and she was a Professor Emeritus at Rice University.
Classical guitarist, composer, author, photographer, and graphic artist. The only child of Harry Pellegrin (1902--1981) and Veronica M. Pellegrin (1918--2004), Harry G. Pellegrin attended Mount Saint Michael Academy in the Bronx, graduating in 1974. Pellegrin studied piano as a small child but became interested in the guitar in 1970 and by 1973 was performing. He performed sporadically with a proto-punk band The Void during the late 1970s, but this was not the direction he wished his career to take. Pellegrin attended Bronx Community College from 1974 to 1976. He majored in classical guitar at The Mannes College of Music in Manhattan, studying with Albert Valdés-Blain and Eliot Fisk. After graduating in 1980, Pellegrin formed Air Raid with Martin Seddon (1956--2006), British-born graphic artist. It was Seddon that introduced Pellegrin to both photography and the graphic arts. A severe traffic accident in 1989 resulting in fractured thoracic and lumbar vertebrae with some permanent damage to the spine and the associated neurological deficits curtailed his musical career for almost seven years and channeled his energies towards his other interests, writing and photography. Pellegrin wrote for Soundboard, The Journal of the Guitar Foundation of America and Ironhorse Magazine before publishing his first novel Low End, in 2003. The first of a series, Low End (ISBN 1589820746) was followed by Deep End (ISBN 1435721985) in 2006. Classic Guitar Method, A Comprehensive Method designed to transform the student from novice to recitalist (ISBN 978-0-557-26825-2) combined Pellegrin's writing skills with his musical expertise. Pellegrin performed his come-back recital at the Troy Savings Bank Music Hall in Troy, New York on February 13, 2007, his first classical performance since the 1989 accident.
Although Argentina is the most well known rugby playing nation in South America, founding the Argentine Rugby Union in 1899, several other countries on the continent also have a long history. Rugby had been played in Brazil from the end of the 19th century, but the game was played regularly only from 1926, when São Paulo beat Santos in an inter-city match. It took Uruguay several aborted attempts to adapt to rugby, led mainly by the efforts of the Montevideo Cricket Club; succeeding in 1951 with the formation of a national league and four clubs. Other South American countries to have set up a rugby union include Chile (1948), and Paraguay (1968). Many Asian countries have a tradition of playing rugby going back to the time of the British Empire. India began playing rugby in the early 1870s, the Calcutta Football Club forming in 1872. After the withdrawal of the British military from the area at the end of the decade, rugby in India faltered. India's lasting legacy to the sport was the presentation of the Calcutta Cup to the Rugby Football Union; the world's oldest international rugby trophy which is played for annually between England and Scotland. Sri Lanka claims to have founded their union in 1878, and although little official information from the period is available, the team won the All-India cup in Madras in 1920. Malaysia also suffers from poor record keeping. Historically the first recorded match in Malaysia was in 1892, but the first confirmation of rugby is the existence of the HMS Malaya Cup which, named after the ship HMS Malaya, was first presented in 1922 and is still awarded to the winners of the Malay sevens. Rugby union was introduced to Japan in 1899 by Ginnosuke Tanaka a student of Trinity Hall, Cambridge and Edward Bramwell Clarke, who studied at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge. The Japan RFU was founded in 1926 and its place in rugby history was cemented with the news that Japan will host the 2019 World Cup. It will be the first country outside the Commonwealth, Ireland and France to host the event, and is viewed by the IRB as an opportunity for rugby union to extend its reach, particularly in Asia. Other Asian playing countries of note include Singapore, South Korea and China, while the former British colony of Hong Kong is notable within rugby for its development of the rugby sevens game, especially the Hong Kong Sevens tournament which was founded in 1976. Rugby in the Middle East and the Gulf States has its history in the 1950s, with clubs formed by British and French Services stationed in the region after the Second World War. When these servicemen left, the clubs and teams were kept alive by young professionals, mostly Europeans, working in these countries. The official union of Oman was formed in 1971, with His Majesty Qaboos bin Said al Said as Patron. Bahrain founded its union a year later, while in 1975 the Dubai Sevens, the Gulf's leading rugby tournament, was created by the Dubai Exiles Rugby Club. Rugby remains a minority sport in the region with Israel, as of 2011, being the only member union from the Middle East to be included in the IRB World Rankings.
Chris Scott (born August 4, 1987) is an American football offensive tackle who is currently a Free Agent, he has played for the Pittsburgh Steelers. He played college football at the University of Tennessee and was selected in the fifth round (151st overall) in the 2010 NFL Draft He played in two games for the Steelers in 2011 before being cut by the team on Oct 5, 2011.
Ronald Clair Roat is the author of the Stuart Mallory Mystery Series. He graduated from Michigan State University in 1968 with a bachelor's in journalism. Later that year he was drafted into the U.S. Army and served about two years with a Nike Hercules missile battalion near Pittsburgh, Pa. Before becoming a journalism professor, he worked for several newspapers as a professional reporter, editor, or columnist. The newspapers included the Lansing State Journal, Morgantown, W.Va., Dominion News, Dayton Daily News, and The Times in Frankfort, Ind. He served as a journalism professor at the University of Southern Indiana in Evansville, Indiana, between 1986 and 2008 when he retired.
Morgan Mark Burnett (born January 13, 1989) is an American football safety for the Green Bay Packers. He attended the Georgia Institute of Technology and was drafted in the third round of the 2010 NFL draft with the 71st overall pick.
Edward Werner was born in Warsaw in 1878 to Bronisław-Fryderyk Werner and Maria-Paulina Strasburger, sister of the famous botanist Eduard Strasburger. He studied first at the Lyceum in Poland and than at the Academy of Commerce in Vienna. He later studied Economics in London and in Berlin. Werner married Zofia Helena Kalinowska (1889-1946), niece of Raphael Kalinowski who later became Saint. Edward and Zofia had three children: Zofia Helena (1910-1939), who married Hrabia (Count) Antoni Dunin and had three children, but was killed along with her husband during the German offensive of September 1939; Karol Gabriel (1912-1978), a lieutenant who escaped Poland to England, and fought with the regrouped Polish 1st Armoured Division in the World War II battle of Falaise Gap and later married Louise Garbison-Lambert; and, Marie Gabriela (1916-1999), first married to Joseph Ciechomski of Warsaw, then arrested and sent to Auschwitz, but survived and emigrated to the United States with her nephew and nieces, and later married Józef Nabel and had three children of her own.
Not to be confused with fellow general Zhang Zizhong. Zhang Zhizhong () (October 27, 1895 - April 1969) was a general in the National Revolutionary Army of the Republic of China. He was born in Chaohu, Anhui, and attended the Baoding Military Academy from which he graduated in 1916. He then served in the local warlord armies of Yunnan and Guangxi before heeding the call of Nationalist leader Sun Yat-sen and moving to Guangzhou to became an instructor at the Whampoa Academy. He participated in the Northern Expedition, and after the Nationalists established the new republican government in Nanjing, became the commandant of the Central Military Academy. He joined in Generalissimo Chiang Kai-shek's campaign against Yan Xishan and Feng Yuxiang, and led the 5th Army in the 1932 battle at Shanghai against Japan. Later as the head of the 9th Army Group (第九集團軍), Zhang supervised the defence of Shanghai against Japan in 1937. Zhang is generally regarded as one of Chiang's close confidants, he has been accused by one historian of acting as a mole for the Chinese Communists.
Born 1918 in Johannesburg, was the son of Sir Patrick Duncan. Duncan was educated first in South Africa and later in England, at Winchester College and at Balliol College, Oxford. In 1938 his friendship with a fellow Balliol student, Helmuth James Graf von Moltke, led to an invitation to stay with the von Moltke family in Germany: he thus came into contact with the anti-Nazi opposition group, the Kreisau Circle, and also spent three weeks in an Arbeitsdienst voluntary labour camp. Both experiences had a profound influence on him. In October 1939, having returned to South Africa, he travelled back to England hoping to join the army, but was rejected on medical grounds, because, since the age of 11, he had been lame, with a knee he couldn't bend due to an injury from a cricket ball that caused osteomyelitis.
Anton Apriantono (born Serang, Banten; October 5, 1959) has been Indonesia's Minister of Agriculture since October 2004. He studied at the University of Reading and currently is a faculty in Department of Food Science and Technology at Bogor Agricultural University.
Charles Jervis Gilman (February 26, 1824 - February 5, 1901) was a U.S. Representative from Maine, grandnephew of John Taylor Gilman and Nicholas Gilman. Born in Exeter, New Hampshire, Gilman attended Phillips Exeter Academy, Exeter, New Hampshire, and pursued classical studies. He was graduated from Harvard Law School. He was admitted to the bar in 1850 and commenced practice in Exeter, New Hampshire. He served as member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives in 1851 and 1852. He moved to Brunswick, Maine and married Alice McKeen Dunlap, and continued the practice of law. He lived in the John Dunlap House, also known as the Gilman Mansion. He served as member of the Maine House of Representatives in 1854 and 1855. He served as member of the State Whig committee.
Early Life - Grew up in East Meadow New York to Italian immigrants from Durazzano (BN) from southern Italy. Joe the second of three children grew a love for soccer at an early age. Joe quickly became a top player at his hometown club East Meadow. Joe went on to represent many other youth team throughout New York including HBC,BW Gottschee, FC Westchester, Brooklyn Knights, Albertson, Long Island Select and New York ODP south, Joe's youth career was successful with many league and state titles. Joe attended East Meadow High School for four years but only played soccer for one in his senior year. In his one year for East Meadow High School Joe won All State honors scoring 9 goals.
Charles H. Henry was born in Chicago, Illinois, USA, on May 6, 1937. He received an MS. degree in physics in 1959 from the University of Chicago, and a PhD degree in physics in 1965 from the University of Illinois, under the direction of Charlie Slichter. In March, 2008, he was featured in an article in the Physics Illinois News, a publication of the Physics Department of the University of Illinois.
Dan Chan, also known as Dan Chan the Magic Man, was born in San Francisco, California on October 22, 1977. Chan attended Lowell High a Bay Area magnet school in San Francisco. Chan later attended the University of California, Riverside majoring in Business. Prior to his career as a magician, Dan was an early employee at PayPal, a leading online payment service that has revolutionized the way people do business. Chan is a graduate of the San Francisco Circus Center and the Chavez Course in magic taught by Dale Salwak. Chan is one of less than 200 masters of Bian lian, a Sichuan performance art where vividly colored masks change within a fraction of a second. Chan is also known for his performance of the Bullet catch. Dan has performed for Allen & Company's elite gathering of 187 billionaires in Sun Valley, Idaho including Bill Gates and Warren Buffet. Dan has also performed for many socialites and Silicon Valley elite including SF Mayor Ed Lee, California Governor Jerry Brown, SF Giants, Warriors, 49er's, Oakland Raiders, Timothy Ferriss, Paula Abdul, Jerry Brown, John Madden, George Lucas, Ken Howery, Eric Schmidt, Andy Rubin, Marissa Mayer, and Larry Page. Dan is also a regular performer at the Magic Castle in Hollywood. Other magicians who have been performers at the Magic Castle include Mark Wilson, Cary Grant, Steve Martin, Johnny Carson, and recently Jason Alexander of Seinfeld. Chan is recognized for his pick-pocketing skills and was awarded International Brotherhood of Magicians 2007 San Jose Magician of the Year., 2009 Oakland Magic Circle Stage Magician of the Year and 2009 OMC Bay Area Inter-club Contest.
After playing four seasons of NCAA Division II hockey at Saint Anselm College in Manchester, McDonough made his professional debut with the International Hockey League's Flint Spirits in the 1986--87 season. McDonough made the National Hockey League in the 1988--89 season, playing in four games with the Los Angeles Kings. Hubie McDonough won the Hoby Baker Award his senior year at St. Anselm College 1985-1986. The award is given to the best player in all of college hockey.
Alan Leitner is an American abstract artist. He was born in 1947 in an ethnically diverse section of Los Angeles. Alan was the middle of three children in a Jewish family. He received his B.S. in art in 1971 from Woodbury University in Los Angeles, where he met his first wife who wanted to move to Hawaii. Also in 1971, he acquired an art foundry that produced blown glass, sculpture, ceramics and paintings, which contributed greatly to his understanding of art. In 1987, he received a M.F.A. in painting from the University of Hawaii at Manoa. The graduate program required students to do some teaching, and through this teaching he met Alyn Brownley who at the time headed the art program at Leeward Community College. Brownley requested Alan to teach her art class for one semester while she pursued a move to University of Hawaii at Manoa. After graduation, Dr. John Conner, the department associate dean, offered Alan a full-time teaching position at Leeward Community College. Alan also taught at Honolulu Community College and University of Hawaii at Manoa.
Prior to founding BTS Group, Henrik Ekelund graduated from the Stockholm School of Economics in 1978. After graduation, Henrik was a management consultant for Development Vector, a Stockholm consulting company specializing in the commercialization of new products and businesses. After two years, he moved on to serve as COO. In this role, Ekelund planned and implemented the start-up Diagraf, a computer graphics services company. Henrik then worked as a senior consultant for Nordic Management, a boutique strategic consulting firm, where he led projects for leading international companies. Additionally, Henrik served as the Editor-in-Chief of the political magazine :sv: Svensk Linje 1980-1981.
Muir S. Fairchild graduated from Olympia High School in 1913, then entered the US Army's Signal Corps in 1913 in a reserve unit in Seattle, Washington, while he was a student at the University of Washington. In 1916, he entered the Washington National Guard with the rank of sergeant, and his unit was deployed in the search for Pancho Villa along the Mexican border, where he spent much time in a horse saddle in the desert heat. Watching observation planes flying overhead in the Unites State's first armed conflict using airplanes, Fairchild was an easy recruit when flyboys were being sought to fight with the French and Italians in the developing war in Europe, before the US entered WWI. Fairchild fought the Germans from the air over the Rhine, including night bombing missions, in an era when bombs were still being released from the grasp of the bombardier. A year later Fairchild became a flying cadet at Berkeley, California, getting his wings and commission in the Army's Aviation Section in January 1918.
Shevah Weiss (, ), is an Israeli political scientist and former politician. Weiss was born on July 5, 1935 in Borysław, Poland (now in Ukraine) in Polish Jewish family to Gienia and Meir Wolf Weiss. As a Holocaust survivor, he migrated to Palestine in 1947. He graduated from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem with a BA in International Relations in 1961, before doing an MA in political Science and contemporary Jewish studies and then a PhD. In 1975 he became a professor at the University of Haifa.
His early childhood was a spent largely on the Colville Indian Reservation in Washington. His parents separated in 1939 and subsequently divorced; his mother would later re-marry to Harry Wong, with whom she and Julian Reyes had, in 1935--1937, run a Chinese restaurant during the construction of the Grand Coulee Dam. While his older brother Lawney Reyes and sister Luana Reyes attended the Chemawa Indian School in 1940--1942, he was too young to do so, and lived with foster grandparents, the Halls.
Craig Eaton (born September 7, 1954 in Glendale, Ohio) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for one season. He pitched in five games for the Kansas City Royals during the 1979 Kansas City Royals season. He played college baseball at Florida State University.
In the late 1950s, Lisi did theater at Piccolo Teatro di Milano, in I giacobini by Federico Zardi, under the direction of Giorgio Strehler. During the 1960s, Virna Lisi did comedies and, also, she participated in dramatic television productions which were of the most viewed in Italy. Also in television Lisi was the figure who promoted a toothpaste brand, with a slogan which would become a catchphrase amongst the Italians: ``con quella bocca può dire ciò che vuole'' (with such mouth, she can say whatever she wants).
Johnny Rico, born Stephen Hites, is a U.S.-born freelance journalist currently living in the U.K. His works include two non-fiction books and numerous magazine articles. He graduated from the University of Colorado Denver with a master's degree in criminal justice in 2001 and worked as a probation officer before enlisting in the U. S. Army following the September 11th terrorist attacks. Rico served in the Army for 3 years, including a year in Afghanistan with the 25th Infantry Division.
Robert Joseph Ward (b. January 31, 1926, New York, NY, d. August 5, 2003, New York, NY) was a federal judge for the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. Judge Ward received a B.S. from Harvard College in 1945 and an LL.B. from Harvard Law School in 1949. He was nominated to the court by Richard Nixon on September 25, 1972, to a seat vacated by Frederick van Pelt Bryan, confirmed by the United States Senate on October 12, 1972, and received his commission on October 17, 1972. He assumed senior status on February 1, 1991. He died on August 5, 2003.
Peter Kuper was born in Summit, New Jersey, and moved to Cleveland, Ohio when he was six years old, where he graduated from Cleveland Heights High School in 1976. He attended Kent State University in 1976-1977, then moved to New York City in 1977, where he studied at Art Students League and the Pratt Institute (along with his childhood friend and World War 3 Illustrated co-founder Seth Tobocman). In 1970 Kuper and Tobocman published their first fanzine, ``Phanzine'' and in 1971 published ``G.A.S Lite'' the official magazine of the Cleveland Graphic Arts Society. In 1972 Kuper traded R. Crumb some old jazz records for the right to publish some artwork from one of Crumb's sketchbooks in a comic titled Melotoons that lasted for two issues. For a short period he acted as studio assistant for cartoonist Howard Chaykin.
Dodson was born at Hurstpierpoint 19 January 1780. He was the eldest son of the Rev. Dr. John Dodson, rector of Hurstpierpoint, West Sussex, who died in July 1807, and Frances, daughter of the Rev. Mr. Dawson. He entered Merchant Taylors' School in 1790, and proceeded to Oriel College, Oxford, where he graduated B.A. 1801, M.A. 1804, and D.C.L. 1808. He was admitted an advocate of the College of Doctors of Laws 3 November 1808, and acted as commissary to the dean and chapter of Westminster. Dodson died at 6 Seamore Place, Mayfair, London, 27 April 1858. For many years before that he had lived at 12 Hertford street, Mayfair.
In 2011 David Bedford received an honorary doctorate from Middlesex University.
Carter was born in King William County, Virginia, the third of five children and the second son of Thomas Nelson Carter and Juliet Gaines Carter. His father was a first cousin to Robert E. Lee. Carter was a member of the Virginia Military Institute (VMI) Class of 1849. He earned medical degrees from the University of Virginia (1851) and the University of Pennsylvania (1852). Carter never practiced medicine. Instead, he returned to manage his father's plantation, Pampatike, after the overseer died.
Before teaching at Oxford, Alan Knight taught at the University of Essex (1973--85) and the University of Texas at Austin (C.B. Smith Chair in History), and in 1986 was a visiting fellow at the Center for US-Mexican Studies at the University of California, San Diego. In 1974, at age 28, he graduated with a D. Phil. in History from the University of Oxford. His doctoral dissertation was ``Nationalism, xenophobia and revolution: the place of foreigners and foreign interests in Mexico, 1910-1915''.
Ulrich Mahlknecht grew up in La Val in South Tyrol (Italy). He studied medicine at the University of Bochum, the University of Birmingham, the Paris-Sud 11 University and the University of Tübingen, where he received his medical doctorate in 1995. He received his postgraduate medical training in internal medicine at the University of Freiburg in Freiburg im Breisgau. From 1996 until 1999 Ulrich Mahlknecht was a graduate student at the Picower Graduate School Of Molecular Medicine (State University of New York), where he was then employed as a postdoc and later as the Senior Scientist. He has actively published in cancer and HIV research, authoring several classic papers. From 1999 until 2003 he received specialist training in internal medicine and hematology/oncology at the Goethe University Frankfurt in Frankfurt am Main, where he became an assistant professor of internal medicine. From 2004 until 2007 he was an associate professor at the University Hospital Heidelberg where he was the head of the acute leukemias and myelodysplastic syndromes task force. Ulrich Mahlknecht was the founder of the Heidelberg excellence center for myelodysplastic syndromes.
In 1988 Sylvie Lucas received a Master's degree in history from the Université des Sciences Humaines (University of Social Sciences) (now the University of Strasbourg) and, in 1989, a Master's degree in political science and administration from the College of Europe in Bruges, Belgium. From 1990 to 1995 she worked at the Luxembourg Ministry of Foreign Affairs, first for a year in the Department of Political and Cultural Affairs, and then in the Department of International Relations and Economic Affairs. From 1995 to 2000 she was the deputy permanent representative of Luxembourg to the United Nations. She then returned to the Department of Political Affairs as deputy director from 2000 to 2003.
Francis O. Wilcox was born in Columbus Junction, Iowa on April 9, 1908. He was educated at the University of Iowa, receiving his A.B. in 1930, his A.M. in 1931, and his Ph.D. in 1933. He then attended the University of Geneva, and received a doctorate in political science in 1935. From 1935 through 1941, he taught political science at the University of Iowa, the University of Louisville, the University of Chicago, and the University of Michigan.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer had been very successful in its first three seasons on television, but some of the characters left the series and storylines ended, creating a need for an entire shift in location and mission. Buffy and the core group of friends who fight with her graduate from high school, while the school itself was blown up in the third season finale. The fourth season, therefore, presents viewers with Buffy, her best friends Willow (Alyson Hannigan), Xander (Nicholas Brendon), and mentor Giles (Anthony Head) at a crossroads. Series creator Joss Whedon called it a ``strange, sort of schizophrenic season'' with a ``weird incoherence'', but also stated that the episodes in the fourth season were among the series' best. The writers set out to explore the characters' trials as they discover more about themselves following the defining years of high school. Although they had been a cohesive group of friends in the first three seasons, situations arise in the fourth to separate them. The writers focused on each of the four core characters individually throughout the season to increase the impact of their finally coming back together in the penultimate episode, ``Primeval'', when they merge their essences to form a super-Buffy in order to defeat Adam. Buffy studies scholar Roz Kaveney states that estrangement from the self and others is the primary theme of the fourth season. To illustrate the absolute search for identity, the series writers created Adam, who is more truly alone than is anyone else. He is a creature assembled from a man, vampires, demons, and cutting edge cybernetic technology. Adam was not the first re-animated corpse to be presented in the series. ``Some Assembly Required'' in the second season also had a Frankenstein monster-like creation and ``Beauty and the Beasts'' in the third includes references to Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde; both touch on the misuse or abuse of science. Whedon has long been interested in science fiction. He wrote the script for the film Alien Resurrection (1997), where an extra-terrestrial creature is bred from a human and an alien in a laboratory, and was a series writer for the television series The X-Files, about a government agency that tracks supernatural occurrences and aliens. Buffy uses both science and magic as narrative devices. According to author Andrew Aberdein, the series employs science in three ways: to demonstrate what contemporary science explains, to posit what science may be able to accomplish, and the dominance of supernatural forces over science. According to Aberdein, Adam, a ``kinematically redundant, bio-mechanical demonoid'', is the series' deepest exploration of scientific potential. Series writer Doug Petrie states that Adam is the embodiment of the invasion of science in a world where magic is the most powerful force. The series relied on its own form of magic to explain Buffy's superpowers and other supernatural occurrences up to the fourth season. Adam is ``what happens when people who believe in science use demons for military gain'', according to Petrie. The result is that science ``gets its ass kicked'' by magic. George Hertzberg, a University of Southern California graduate with experience in sitcoms and commercials, was chosen based on one of Adam's monologues he was given to read for the audition. Hertzberg counted luck and being in the right place at the right time in helping him get the role. Many recurring characters on Buffy start with one or two episodes, and when the writers or producers like their chemistry with other actors, they often make them a regular part of the cast. Hertzberg, however, understood at his reading that Adam was to be a major part of the fourth season. Casting Director Amy Britt needed someone physically imposing for the part, with the Hertzberg fitting the bill. Britt stated, ``this is a guy we're going to want eventually to have some affinity for. We can't just see him as an evil being. He is evil to the core and should scare us with his actions; but there's also innocence. Like the Frankenstein monster, you realize the they're only doing what they know. Or what they've been programmed to do. These aren't born creatures, these are creations.''
Sam Llewellyn was born on Tresco, Isles of Scilly, where his ancestors lived for many years. He grew up in Norfolk. He attended Eton College and later St. Catherine's College, Oxford. Llewellyn went on to live in Toronto, Canada, and Ireland, before settling in Herefordshire, England, where he still lives now. Llewellyn has a deep love for the sea, and this has influenced much of his writing. He goes sailing regularly.
Walter T. Skallerup, Jr. was born in Chicago in 1920. He attended Swarthmore College, receiving his B.A. During World War II, he served in the United States Navy and then enrolled at Yale Law School, receiving his LL.B. in 1947. After law school, Skallerup was involved in the private practice of law for a number of years.
In 1991, Ayman Lotfy graduated from the faculty of arts at the Ain Shams University. Lotfy started his career route as a fashion designer and stepped forward to become a professional art director in 1996. In 1998, Lotfy launched his journey to the world of photography with the aim of enhancing his work as an art designer.
Harman Baweja was born to art director Harry Baweja and producer Pammi Baweja. His family are Arora Sikhs from the Baweja clan of Punjab. He received his education in Mumbai, starting at Jamnabai Narsee School. He later attended Kishore Namit Kapoor's Acting Institute and then the University of California, Los Angeles. In 2009, Baweja changed his name to Harman S Baweja following numerology. The ``S'' in his name is a tribute to his grandfather.
Herbert Beckington was born in Rockford, Illinois. He graduated from Rockford High School in 1938. He received his B.A. degree upon graduation from The Citadel in 1943, and his LLB (Law) from Catholic University, Washington, D. C., in 1953.
Mildred Adams graduated from the University of California with a degree in economics. She moved to New York City, where she wrote articles for her aunt, Gertrude Foster Brown (1868-1956), an early woman's suffrage leader who was then managing editor of Woman's Journal. She soon became a feature writer and book reviewer for the New York Times and various magazines, including the London Economist. She interviewed Calvin Coolidge, Huey Long, and Henry Wallace.
Born in Singapore in 1850, K. Thamboosamy Pillay received his early education at Raffles Institution. He sailed to Klang in 1875 with James Guthrie Davidson, when the latter was appointed Malaya's first British Resident. Prior to that, he had been a clerk in the legal firm in which Davidson was a partner.
Simeon Nelson was educated at Sydney Grammar School and obtained a Bachelor of Fine Art degree at the Sydney College of the Arts in 1987. Nelson has exhibited extensively since 1986, his most recent solo exhibitions being Mappa Mundi, University of Hertfordshire Galleries, Hatfield, UK and Terroir/Boudoir, Elastic Residence, London, UK (2005). He is currently inaugural artist-in-residence at the Royal Geographical Society, London and n Spring 2008 he will have his first major London solo exhibition at the RGS exhibition space on Exhibition Road, London
Queen 'Masenate Mohato Seeiso (born June 2, 1976) is the Queen Consort of King Letsie III of Lesotho. She was born as Anna Karabo Mots'oeneng in Mapoteng in the Berea District the eldest child of Thekiso Mots'oeneng and his wife 'Makarabo. In 1990 Queen 'Masenate enrolled at the Machabeng International College in Maseru and studied there until 1996. In 1997 she attended the National University of Lesotho and graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree.
Crawford was born William Broderick Crawford in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to Lester Crawford and Helen Broderick, who were both vaudeville performers, as his grandparents had been. His father appeared in films in the 1920s and 1930s; his mother had a minor career in Hollywood comedies. He joined his parents on the stage, working for producer Max Gordon. When vaudeville went into decline, he attended Harvard University for three months, but dropped out to work as a stevedore on the New York docks.
Jim Skipper began his coaching career at California State Polytechnic University, Pomona, where he coached the defensive backs from 1974-1976. After coaching the defensive backs for two seasons at San Jose State University, Skipper moved to the offensive side of the ball, coaching the running backs at University of the Pacific in 1979. He then went on to coach the running backs at University of Oregon from 1980-1982 before he made the jump to the professional ranks. He started his professional coaching career with the Philadelphia/Baltimore Stars of the United States Football League from 1983-1985. He then moved on to the National Football League with the New Orleans Saints. Starting in 1986, Skipper served as the running back coach till 1995. During his 10-year tenure with New Orleans, Skipper coached two Pro Bowlers, Rueben Mayes in 1986 and 1987 and Dalton Hilliard in 1989. Mayes' 1,353 yards in 1986 and Hilliard's 1,262 in 1989 still stand among the 10 highest single-season rushing totals in Saints history. He has been the running backs coach for the Carolina Panthers since 2002. In 2009, Skipper helped make NFL history. 2 of his running backs, DeAngelo Williams and Jonathan Stewart, became the first set of teammates ever to rush for over 1100 yards in the same season. He was announced as the running backs coach for the Tennessee Titans on February 18, 2011.
Lindley Darden (born 1945) is a contemporary philosopher of science, with a research focus on the philosophy of biology. She received her Ph.D. from the University of Chicago in 1974 and B.A. in 1968 from Rhodes College, and is currently Distinguished Scholar Teacher at the University of Maryland.
Born in Beirut, Lebanon, in a musical family of Armenian origin he studied violin and piano from an early age. Pehlivanian emigrated to Los Angeles in 1975, worked as a violinist and later studied conducting with Pierre Boulez, Lorin Maazel and Ferdinand Leitner. George Pehlivanian also attended the Accademia Musicale Chigiana in Italy.
Simon Hanning is a British music & television producer. Born and raised in Walthamstow, London he attended the Sylvia Young Theatre School and had several early television appearances, including a minor role in school drama series, Grange Hill. He began his adult career working as a theatre lighting technician, working on West End shows such as Stop the World - I Want to Get Off then later training as a video editor, with stints on the ITV The Chart Show, then as an assistant producer to television director Robin Bextor and later working for sports production company Visionsport International (VSI).
Cammaerts was born in London and raised in Radlett in Hertfordshire, the son of Professor Emile Cammaerts, a Belgian poet. He was educated at Mill Hill School, where he was a contemporary of Francis Crick and Patrick Troughton. He became a pacifist in the 1930s while at Cambridge, where he read English and history at St Catharine's and also won a hockey Blue. After university he briefly began a teaching career. He taught in Belfast before moving on to Beckenham and Penge County School for Boys, near London, where he taught with his close friend from university, Harry Rée, who was also to join SOE.
Marco Visconti graduated in architecture at the University of Genoa, followed by a postgraduate Masters in Architectural Design at the UCLA of Los Angeles and a degree in Engineering at the Polytechnic University of Turin. In Genoa he collaborated with Renzo Piano from 1984 to 1986. From 1987 to 2006 he was the head of the architectural group of Fiatengineering and subsequently of Maire Tecnimont. He teaches at the Faculty of Architecture at the Polytechnic of Turin and lectures on specific topics at Italian and foreign universities. In January 2007 he founded the partnership MDN - Man, design and nature. In September 2009 he was appointed Chairman of the Italian division of Aedas, an international leader in architectural design. Among the projects in industry, professional training and culture filed, noteworthy are: the engine production hall and the paint pavillon Ferrari, as well as the restaurant Ferrari in Maranello; the Iveco's training center in Turin; the research center Fiat Sata in Melfi; Hitachi's training centre in Lecce; Turin's National Automobile Museum's conference room, Mugello's race track's service building in Florence; Iren cogeneration and hydroelectric plant in Moncalieri. These projects were published in numerous, specialized magazines, such as Detail, Domus, Abitare, Costruire and Casabella.
Joe began performing on radio at age three, playing the ukulele and singing. By age 15, he had been playing guitar for nearly 10 years. He joined the local musicians union and began playing his first professional engagements. In the 1940s, Joe toured nationally, and was featured, with the Shep Fields Orchestra for several years. His career was then sidetracked by two years in the Army. Upon returning home, he performed locally with his brother, pianist Bobby Negri, and decided to return to school. He enrolled at Carnegie Mellon University (formerly Carnegie Tech). At that time there was no curriculum for jazz guitar, so he chose composition as his major.
Gwen Jackson (born October 23, 1980) is a former WNBA player who played for the Phoenix Mercury. She also played for the San Antonio Silver Stars. She was the sixth overall pick in the 2003 WNBA Draft. She attended the University of Tennessee.
Naval Air Station Beaufort was commissioned on June 15, 1943 for advanced training operations of anti-submarine patrols during World War II. It was then deactivated in 1946 and reactivated in 1956. On March 1, 1960, it was re-designated Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort. On September 19, 1975, the airfield was named Merritt Field in honor of Major General Lewie G. Merritt, USMC, a 1917 graduate of The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina. He was from Ridge Spring, South Carolina.
Born Gerald L. Duppler, May 18, 1903, in Souris, ND, he changed to his stage name, Tommy Tucker, in 1968. He later received a Bachelor of Arts at the University of North Dakota in 1924, majored in Music and was recognized as Phi Betta Kappa.
Chisha Folotiya is the first born son of the late Mwansa Folotiya, a Lawyer and Lydia Folotiya, a school teacher who founded one of Zambias pre-eminent private schools, Rhodes Park School, in 1973. A young Folotiya attended the International School of Lusaka in his early years where among other things he developed a love for break-dancing and rap music. While still in his teens, his parents sent him to the United Kindgdom to complete his education. Between 1985 and 1989 he went to Stonyhurst College where he completed his O and A Levels and later a Civil Engineering Degree which he studied for at the University of Nottingham. Folotiya worked for a financial services company before returning to Zambia after the death of his father. Within a year of his fathers death, his mother also died, leaving Folotiya then aged 22 as the head of the household and family businesses.
While his father was stationed at the U.S. Embassy in Oslo, Norway, Kerry was sent to Massachusetts to attend boarding school. In 1957, he attended the Fessenden School in West Newton, a village in Newton, Massachusetts. The Fessenden School is the oldest all-boys independent junior boarding school in the country. There he met and became friends with Richard Pershing, grandson of First World War U.S. Gen. John Joseph Pershing. Former Massachusetts senator Ted Kennedy also attended the Fessenden School, although several years prior to Kerry.
Jeremy Huw Williams (born 3 April 1969 in Cardiff) is a Welsh baritone opera singer who studied at Ysgol Gyfun Gymraeg Glantaf, St John's College, Cambridge, at the National Opera Studio, and with April Cantelo.
Rule was born in Mason City, Iowa and grew up in Waterloo, Iowa. He defeated Jack Nicklaus in the 1956 U.S. Junior Amateur semi-finals but lost to Harlan Stevenson in the finals. He graduated from the University of Iowa and turned professional in 1961.
Burton Edward Livingston (1875 -- 1948) was an American plant physiologist, born at Grand Rapids, Michigan. He was educated at the University of Michigan (B.S., 1898) and the University of Chicago (Ph.D., 1902), where he worked as an assistant from 1899 to 1905. He published Róle of Diffusion and Osmotic Pressure in Plants (1903). In 1913, Livingston became the professor of plant physiology at Johns Hopkins University. He also served on the board of trustees for Science Service, now known and Society for Science & the Public, from 1930-1937.
Vidyasagar was born into a Telugu Niyogi Brahmin family of musicians and brought up in Chennai. His father U. Ramachander was a musician who could play eight instruments and his grandfather Varaha Narasimha Murthy was the court 'Vidhwan' for the king of Vijayanagaram Bobili in the state of Andhra Pradesh. Vidyasagar started learning vocal classical music and harmonium from his father at the age of four. When he was eight-years-old Vidyasagar joined Dhanraj Master. In fact both A. R. Rahman and Vidyasagar had joined on the same day. Vidyasagar learnt guitar for 3--4 years there, then the piano. Vidyasagar studied Western classical music at the Trinity College of Music, London.
During that time he directed a trilogy of short films: ``Obsession'' (1999), ``Virginity'' (2000) and ``Anxiety'' (2001). They were 20 to 30 minutes long and starred Maria Bonnevie and Nikolaj Lie Kaas. They're all basically about a young male being obsessed by a beautiful woman and then being trapped in his own logic of what love is... ``Anxiety'' received the Prix Decouverte de la Critique Francais and was screened in Critic's Week in 2002. At that point he developed a style of movie making and playing with narrative structure. He graduated from the National Film School of Denmark in 2001.
Founder Paul Brown coached the team for its first three seasons, accumulating 15 wins and 27 losses and one tie. One of Brown's college draft stategies was to draft players with above average intelligence. Punter/wide receiver Pat McInally attended Harvard, and linebacker Reggie Williams attended Dartmouth College and served on Cincinnati city council while on the Bengals`` roster. Because of this policy, many former players were highly articulate and went on to have successful careers in commentary and broadcasting as well as the arts. In addition, Brown had a knack for locating and recognizing pro football talent in unusual places.
Founder Paul Brown coached the team for its first eight seasons. One of Brown's college draft strategies was to draft players with above-average intelligence. Punter/wide receiver Pat McInally attended Harvard University and linebacker Reggie Williams attended Dartmouth College and served on Cincinnati city council while on the Bengals`` roster. Because of this policy, many former players were highly articulate and went on to have successful careers in commentary and broadcasting as well as the arts. In addition, Brown had a knack for locating and recognizing pro football talent in unusual places.
Faraliza Tan is a beauty pageant contestant who represented Singapore in Miss World 2008 in South Africa. She won two subsidiary awards during the finals of the national pageant: ``Miss Body Beautiful'' and ``Miss Popularity.'' She studied communications at Nanyang Technological University.
DeWayne Patterson (born April 20, 1984) is an American football safety for the Utah Blaze of the Arena Football League. He was signed by the Blaze as a free agent in 2011. He played college football at Washington State University.
Thomas Kuhn was born in Cincinnati, Ohio to Samuel L. Kuhn, an industrial engineer, and Minette Stroock Kuhn. He obtained his B.S. degree in physics from Harvard University in 1943, and M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in physics in 1946 and 1949, respectively. As he states in the first few pages of the preface to the second edition of The Structure of Scientific Revolutions, his three years of total academic freedom as a Harvard Junior Fellow were crucial in allowing him to switch from physics to the history (and philosophy) of science. He later taught a course in the history of science at Harvard from 1948 until 1956 at the suggestion of university president James Conant. After leaving Harvard, Kuhn taught at the University of California, Berkeley, in both the philosophy department and the history department, being named Professor of the History of Science in 1961. At Berkeley, he wrote and published (in 1962) his best known and most influential work: The Structure of Scientific Revolutions. In 1964, he joined Princeton University as the M. Taylor Pyne Professor of Philosophy and History of Science. In 1979, he joined the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) as the Laurance S. Rockefeller Professor of Philosophy, remaining there until 1991. Kuhn interviewed and taped Danish physicist Niels Bohr the day before Bohr's death. In 1994, Kuhn was diagnosed with lung cancer, of which he died in 1996.
Michelle Jerott obtained a degree in Classical archaeology from the University of Michigan. Before writing, she worked as archaeologist. She became mother and went to work in a research lab, which allowed her time to write.
Emilio Giuseppe Dossena (December 10, 1903 -- March 23, 1987) was an Italian painter who was born in Cavenago d'Adda, Italy and died in Milan, Italy. He was also known simply as Giuseppe Dossena. He attended the Brera Academy (Milan) and the Scuola del Castello (Milan), where he formed strong friendships with Aligi Sassu, Ernesto Treccani, Guttuso, Domenico Cantatore and Umberto Lilloni. At the Scuola del Castello he won a prize for his sculpture works (a trip to Venice), but his attraction toward color made him choose painting as the medium of artistic communication. Although his tendency toward impressionism was evident from the beginning, the necessity to provide for his family forced him to dedicate only his spare time to this aspect of the arts. He therefore earned his livelihood for many years with the restoration and the decoration of villas and castles, in addition to producing frescoes for the local churches. In the residences of Pirelli, Falck, Borletti, Invernizzi, Necchi, Toscanini, Count Cicogna, Duke Gallarati Scotti, and Count Castelbarco, Emilio Giuseppe Dossena decorated, restored and painted large panels with mythological and archaic themes and battles. His works were also in the Italian Embassy in Addis Abeba, Ethiopia, but were destroyed by air raids during WWII. His passion for artistic expression allowed him to retain his creative integrity, and he became a sought after impressionist, known for the sensibility of his works as much as for the dynamic strokes which characterized them. His first solo exhibit, at the Galleria Gavioli in Milan (1943), was a success with the critics and the public, and all of the paintings were purchased by collectors.
Born in Watford, Hertfordshire, England in 1888, the oldest child of Louise and George Pearkes, he attended Berkhamsted School. In 1906, he and his brother emigrated to Alberta where they settled near Red Deer. In 1911, George joined the North-West Mounted Police and served in Yukon until the outbreak of the First World War.
In some countries the laurel wreath is used as symbol of the master's degree. The wreath is given to young masters in the graduation ceremony of the university. The word ``Laureate'' in 'poet laureate' refers to being signified by the laurel wreath. The medieval Florentine poet and philosopher Dante Alighieri, a graduate of the Sicilian School, is often represented in paintings and sculpture wearing a laurel wreath.
John Pickles currently serves as the Phillips Distinguished Professor of International Studies and Chair of the Department of Geography at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Pickles attended the University of Oxford, where he obtained a Bachelor's degree in Geography, with a minor in Geology, and a Master's degree in Geography. He later earned doctorate degrees from the University of Natal, South Africa, and the Pennsylvania State University, USA. Pickles is a renowned scholar in the areas of critical cartography, phenomenology, and post-socialist spaces. He is the author of numerous books, including Phenomenology, Science, and Geography: Space and the Human Sciences, Ground Truth: The Social Implications of Geographical Information Systems, and A History of Spaces: Cartographic Reason, Mapping and the Geo-Coded World.
The son of William Grundy, dean and fellow of Worcester College, Oxford, and headmaster of Malvern College, William Mitchell Grundy was educated at Malvern College and was elected Bible clerk at All Souls College, Oxford. He was headmaster of Abingdon School (1913--47), having been classical sixth-form master at Oakham School and housemaster at Loretto School. Grundy was a member of Berkshire County Council (1922--31 and 1949--55) and Abingdon Borough Council (1947--54). At Oxford he played chess for the university (1901--03) as well as golf (1903--04).
Volodymyr Kushpet studied bandura initially under Andriy Omelchenko and then later completed his studies at the Kiev Conservatory under Serhiy Bashtan. Along with Kost Novytsky he was one of the founding members of the KOBZA pop group and played an electrified bandura in the ensemble.
Adam Andretti (born March 24, 1979) is an American race car driver. He is the younger brother of veteran NASCAR racer John Andretti, nephew of Indianapolis 500 winner Mario Andretti and first cousin to IndyCar champion Michael Andretti and Jeff Andretti. He is the first cousin once-removed to IndyCar driver Marco Andretti. His father, Aldo Andretti, retired from driving a race car after he nearly died in an accident. Andretti is a graduate of the Skip Barber Racing School.
Campbell Gray attended the University of the South in Sewanee, Tennessee and received a B.A. in 1901 and an M.A. in 1902. He started his theological studies there, but transferred after one year to General Theological Seminary in New York City where he graduated in 1904.
John Lister was born in Marylebone, Middlesex to John and Louisa Ann (née Grant) Lister. He had two younger siblings named Charles and Anne. They were related to nineteenth century diarist Anne Lister. Lister grew up in Sandown on the Isle of Wight and Halifax in the West Riding of Yorkshire. He attended Winchester College, then Brasenose College at the University of Oxford and finally Inner Temple, where he qualified as a barrister.
Vivian Kellogg was born and raised in Jackson, Michigan. She grew up playing sandlot ball with her neighborhood kids at an early age, most of them boys, but did not start playing organized softball until she was 16. Kellogg graduated from Jackson High School in 1943 and was approached by a scout of the AAGPBL when she was playing softball for the Jackson Regent Cafe team in a state tournament. After school she had played basketball, volleyball, tennis, and field hockey in addition to softball. Kellogg signed a contract offer for $75 a week plus food expenses when she first joined the league, because that figure doubled her pay as a Bell Telephone operator at the time.
A graduate of Reed College in 1980, Rogers also attended American University of Paris and finished her B.A. in History at UC Berkeley. A native Southern Californian, Sheila Rogers is the youngest of 4 siblings from the wealthy suburb of Palos Verdes Estates California as the daughter of Rita Rogers, MD a renowned psychiatrist who practiced in Palos Verdes Estates' Malaga Cove for nearly three decades, and the late Allen Rogers, MD, a brain surgeon who practiced in Torrance, California.
As an adjudicator for Drum Corps International, Music in the Parks, Youth in the Arts, and Bands of America he has served in 39 states and throughout Canada. He has been involved as a performer or instructor/arranger for many Drum and Bugle Corps including the Santa Clara Vanguard, Valley Fever and the Concord Blue Devils. He is also in demand as a guest conductor for many honor bands throughout California. He completed his doctorate in 1995 at the University of Oregon at Eugene. Prior to this, he served as Director of Bands at Fred C. Beyer High School in Modesto, California. He also substitutes at John F. Kennedy Middle School in Hanford, California. Gary P. Gilroy was the guest conductor of the JHS CBDA 2011 Honor Band.
Jim O'Heir is a graduate of the Thornton Fractional South High School in Lansing, Illinois. O'Heir was active in the Chicago theater during the 1980s and early 1990s with the theater group White Noise, which was formed in 1987 by members of an improv workshop class. The group wrote and produced comedic plays that often employed bizarre humor or black comedy. Starting in November 1988, O'Heir appeared in White Noise's production of The Book of Blanche, about a woman who falls through a television screen and ends up in a fantasy world influenced by various television show genres. In July 1989, O'Heir appeared in the Chicago premiere of the Tom Griffin play The Boys Next Door at the Edgewater Theatre Center. O'Heir played Norman Bulansky, a child-like middle-aged mentally-handicapped man who works at a doughnut shop.
Gay Elmore is an American lawyer in Charleston, West Virginia who is better known for his collegiate basketball career at Virginia Military Institute between 1983--84 and 1986--87. During his career, Elmore scored a then-school record 2,423 points in 113 games, which at the time of his graduation was also the fourth-highest total in Southern Conference history. As a sophomore in 1984--85 he scored 17 points in the championship game of the Southern Conference Men's Basketball Tournament, but the Keydets lost to Marshall, 70--65. He was named the tournament MVP. In Elmore's final two seasons he was named the conference player of the year, becoming the 10th player to earn the honor at least twice at that point.
Thompson had decided not to travel to Dallas with President Kennedy and the White House press corps in November 1963 in order to spend some time with his family. But when he heard the news of the assassination of John F. Kennedy he hastened there and met Miami Herald reporter and fellow Indiana University alumnus Gene Miller. Miller and Thompson attended IU together and were fast friends. Though Miller was a year behind, when he graduated he joined Thompson at the Journal Gazette before moving on to the Herald. When they got to the court house in Dallas, Miller, a two-time Pulitzer Prize winner, said his intuition told him someone might try to kill the suspected assassin Lee Harvey Oswald and waited outside thinking that would be the most likely place, while Thompson decided to go to the basement where the prisoner would be brought through. As Miller had predicted, though wrongly about where, Jack Ruby stepped out in front of the reporters gathered around Oswald and fatally shot him. Thompson was witness to the whole thing standing several feet away while Miller was still waiting outside. Years later Miller remarked about the incident, ``So much for Pulitzer intuitions.''
Roy Herron graduated from the University of Tennessee in 1975, and from Vanderbilt University in 1980, with a M.Div. and a J.D. In 1975 and 1976 he was a Rotary Scholar in Scotland at the University of St. Andrews. Herron represented The University of Tennessee at Martin, and was the 9th Governor of the Tennessee Intercollegiate State Legislature, a statewide organization of college students. Before serving as Governor, he was Lieutenant Governor of the organization.
As a young adult, to help his parents, Emmanuel Dungia decides to work for a moment before continuing his studies. Provincial Minister of Health Maurice Nyoka hires him as employee at the Advance for Home Funds (Maisons des Fonds d’avance) service, while his Chief of Staff Yapele already has his own candidate. For this reason, Dungia reported, it caused him so much trouble that it eventually persuaded him to resume his studies. So he enrolled at the University of Lovanium (université Lovanium), but another unpleasant surprise awaits him: the diploma of the scientific section A (Math-Physics) from the Athenaeum of Ngiri-Ngiri (Athénée de Ngiri-Ngiri) where he studied previously is not accredited by the Department of Education. He needs to go through a preparatory class called first. After this year, he is admitted in the Trade section of the Economics Faculty where he completes the year without any difficulty.
Sam Webster is a writer, Thelemite, a member of the Golden Dawn tradition, and Bishop Tau Ty of Ecclesia Gnostica Universalis, as well as an initiate of Wicca. Webster holds a Master of Divinity degree from the Starr King School for the Ministry at the Graduate Theological Union in Berkeley, California. He is notable as one of the pioneers of open source religion - the use of the open source paradigm in the field of spirituality.
Cobey was born in Washington, D.C. and grew up in the suburb of Hyattsville, Maryland. His father, William W. Cobey, was the athletic director for the University of Maryland from 1956 to 1969. He is a graduate of Emory University, where he received a B.A. in chemistry. Cobey also earned an M.B.A. in Marketing from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and an M.Ed. from the University of Pittsburgh.
Born at Montagu House, Whitehall, Westminster, into a family of four boys and three girls, William Henry Walter Montagu Douglas Scott was the eldest son of Walter Montagu Douglas Scott, 5th Duke of Buccleuch & 7th Duke of Queensberry and Lady Charlotte Anne Thynne, daughter of Sir Thomas Thynne, 2nd Marquess of Bath, and the Hon. Isabella Elizabeth Byng. He was educated at Eton College and at Christ Church, Oxford.
Byron Alden Brooks (1845--1911) was a native New Yorker, born in the small town of Theresa (a name that he employs for important characters in Earth Revisited). He was educated at Wesleyan University. Brooks was a teacher, journalist, and inventor as well as the author of several other literary works. His first book was King Saul (1876). As an inventor, he produced improvements in typewriters and linotype machines; his most notable innovation was probably the first typewriter that could shift between upper- and lower-case letters. He held approximately thirty patents (in printing, telegraph and type-forming machines) and published several novels, among other works.
Lapham was born in New York City, the son of shipping executive and future Mayor of San Francisco Roger D. Lapham and the grandson of Lewis Henry Lapham. Lapham attended the Hotchkiss School and went on to Yale University, graduating in 1931. At Yale, he was a member of Skull and Bones.
Marsha Petrie Sue holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Home Economics from the California State University at Long Beach, as well as a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Phoenix from which she graduated magna cum laude. Her professional certifications include the Executive Leadership Program from the University of Virginia Darden School of Business and a Myers Briggs Type Identifier Certificate.
Christian Broecking was born in Flensburg. He studied sociology and musicology at the Free University of Berlin, Germany. He holds a Ph.D. (Dr. phil.) from Technische Universität Berlin. His 2011 dissertation was titled ``The Marsalis-Nexus: Studies in the Societal Relevance of Afro-American Jazz, 1992-2007''. Broecking served as the founding program director for Berlin jazz radio from 1994 to 1998. His books ``The Marsalis-factor'' (Der Marsalis Faktor, 1995), ``Respect!'' (Respekt!, 2004), ``Black Codes'' (Black Codes, 2005) and ``We are here to save lives'' (Jeder Ton eine Rettungsstation, 2007) were highly acclaimed. His published articles on music and cultural studies have appeared in scholarly journals and edited volumes, he holds columns in several daily newspapers in Germany and serves as a staff writer for the online music section of Die Zeit. He is doing radio features on jazz and African American culture for German public radio since 1995, currently he is teaching musicology at Ruprecht-Karls-Universität Heidelberg, Johann Wolfgang Goethe-Universtät Frankfurt, Winterthurer Institut für aktuelle Musik, Berlin Institute of Technology and Carl von Ossietzky University of Oldenburg. Broecking is the founder and publisher of the Broecking Verlag.
Buchanan was born in 1864 to Thomas and Rebecca Jane in Franklin, Tennessee. His grandfather, Major John Buchanan, was one of the founders of Nashville, Tennessee. Also, his brother, John P. Buchanan was a governor of Tennessee. He graduated from Cumberland University in 1885 with a Bachelor of Science degree and he did graduate work at both Vanderbilt University and the University of Chicago. He received his LL.D. from Kingfisher College in 1917.
Michael Anti has broad experience with both American and Chinese journalism. He worked as a researcher at The New York Times Beijing bureau. He graduated from Nanjing Normal University in 1995 where he majored in Industrial Electrical Automation, but turned to newspapers in 2001. He has been a commentator for the Huaxia Times, correspondent of the 21st Century World Herald, war reporter in Baghdad in 2003, researcher at The Washington Post Beijing Bureau, columnist for the Southern Metropolis Daily, and publisher of the Far and Wide Journal. He is a recipient of a Wolfson press fellowship at Cambridge University and Nieman Fellowship at Harvard University.
Derric Rossy (born July 2, 1980) is a professional American heavyweight boxer of Puerto Rican and Italian descent and the former defensive end at Boston College. He enrolled in the Lynch School of Education with a major in human development.
Giovanni Lanaro attended West Covina High School in California; Lanaro pole vaulted as a freshman in high school (3.51m) but suffered a back injury as well as a fractured ankle skateboarding that prevented him from vaulting the next three years. He focused on swimming and made CIF before deciding to give the vault one more try at Mt. San Antonio College (Mt. SAC) in Walnut, CA.
Sutherland was born in Glasgow, Scotland, son of George Sutherland, a woodcarver, and his wife Jane, née Smith. William had siblings Alexander Sutherland, George Sutherland and Jane Sutherland. The family emigrated to Australia in 1864, staying in Sydney for six years and then moving to Melbourne in 1870. Sutherland later graduated from Wesley College. The headmaster was Martin Howy Irving who had been the second professor of classics at the University of Melbourne, but the influence of the second master, H. M. Andrew, afterwards professor of natural philosophy at the same university, was of more importance to Sutherland. From Wesley Sutherland enrolled at the University of Melbourne in February 1876, graduating B.A. in 1879 with first-class final honours and the scholarship in natural science, and third-class honours in engineering.
Rachael Kohn was born in Canada. Originally from Slovakia, her father and mother (from Bohemia) fled the Soviet occupation of Czechoslovakia to settle in Israel in 1949, moving to Canada in 1952. (Her father was a passenger on the ill fated Pentcho which left Bratislava in 1939 and was shiprwrecked in the Aegean Sea in 1940, after which the passengers were rescued by the Italians and eventually taken to the Ferramonti Di Tarsi internment camp in the Consenza Province, Italy.) Kohn was awarded a Diploma in Social Work from Ryerson Polytechnical Institute, then achieved an Hon.B.A. in Sociology and Religion at Concordia University in Montreal, Canada. Rachael then earned an M.A. (Rabbinic Thought and the New Testament) and a Ph.D. (Sociology and History of Religion) in Religious Studies from Canada's McMaster University. For both degrees she also studied Buddhism. She taught religious studies at McMaster University in Canada, at Lancaster University in England, where she was Leverhulme Post-Doctoral Fellow in Religious Studies. She also taught Religious Studies at the University of Waterloo in England, and then at the University of Sydney (1988-1992). Moving to Australia after marrying an Australian man, she then joined the Australian Broadcasting Corporation ABC in 1992.
Now working out of Nashville, TN, Zoro is increasingly focused on his Ministry work, including the development of a number of books to be published starting in 2008. He is currently a percussion instructor at Belmont University in Nashville.
Mike went to college on a National Science Foundation scholarship, attending the University of Kansas from 1969-1973, where he earned a B.A. in English and was accepted into the University of Kansas School of Law. During his second and third year of law school, Mike interned with the Office of Legislative Counsel. There he was involved in writing Supreme Court briefs on the Legislature's behalf in such landmark cases as Brown v. Wichita State University and Leek v. Theis. In his 3rd year of law school Mike was Co-Chairman of Moot Court Council. Mike earned his J.D. degree at KU in 1976 and moved to Hutchinson, Kansas where he has practiced law for nearly 30 years. Mike has been active in the Reno County Republican Party, first as a precinct committeeman, then as a member of the Executive Committee of the county party, and, finally, as an elected State Representative.
For his undergraduate degree, Eric von Hippel attended Harvard College. In an interview with Eric, he cited that he chose Harvard over MIT for the opportunity to pursue Liberal Arts, as he majored in Economics. His decision to focus in Economics stemmed from his trials in Biology and History, and finding that neither was particularly the right fit for him. After pursuing several inventions post undergraduate, Eric returned to school for his Masters in Mechanical Engineering at MIT. From there, he went on to start his own company, worked at management consultant McKinsey and Co., and eventually studied at Carnegie Mellon University for his Ph.D. in Innovation.
Ernesto Pujol is a conceptual artist and educator with an interdisciplinary art practice. Pujol was born in 1957 in Havana, Cuba and spent time in Puerto Rico and Spain before relocating to the United States in 1979. Pujol engaged in a number of intellectual pursuits doing undergraduate work in humanities and visual arts at the University of Puerto Rico, in Spanish art history at the Universidad Complutense in Spain and in philosophy at St. John Vianney College Seminary in Florida. He pursued graduate work in education at the Universidad Interamericana in San Juan, Puerto Rico, in art therapy at Pratt Institute in Brooklyn and in communications and media theory at Hunter College in New York City. Pujol received his MFA specializing in interdisciplinary art from The School of The Art Institute of Chicago.
Rick Rasnick attended San Jose State University, and after graduation he stayed with the school as an assistant coach. He applied unsuccessfully for several head coaching positions, and from 1991 through 1995 he was the offensive coordinator for the Utah Utes, during which time the team consistently featured one of the nation's top offenses.
Like his siblings, Pantazi Ghica studied at the Saint Sava College in Wallachia's capital. It was around that time that he befriended the poet Bolintineanu, who was twelve years his senior and by then already a friend of Ion Ghica. His mother later took him to France, where he is known to have been enlisted in a boarding house. Upon his return to Wallachia in 1847, together with his brother, Ghica was involved in the agitation leading up to the 1848 uprising, and became Bălcescu's secretary. Before the revolution toppled Prince Gheorghe Bibescu and created a new administration, Bălcescu sent Pantazi Ghica as an agitator, in service to the revolutionary organization Frăţia. Ghica was assigned the task of spreading propaganda in the counties of Buzău and Prahova. A common Russian-Ottoman intervention quelled the rebellion in autumn of the same year, to reestablish the Regulamentul Organic government. Both Ghica brothers, like most other revolutionaries, were arrested and exiled from Wallachia.
JB is from the powerful and politically inclined Magsaysay clan in Zambales. He is the grand nephew of former Philippine President Ramon Magsaysay. His family transferred between different high class subdivisions in Metro Manila until they stayed in La Union to manage their family business. He graduated with a college degree at the Philippine School of Business Administration in Quezon City.
Mahendra Gaur born on January 26, 1956 at Nasirabad (Ajmer) spent his early years in Jodhpur, Jaipur, Udaipur for education. In 1967 he was selected for National Merit Scholarship and sponsored to Vidya Bhawan Public School, Udaipur for schooling. In 1971 he enrolled for engineering in Malaviya Regional Engineering College (now Malaviya National Institute of Technology) and graduated in 1976 with a degree in Mechanical Engineering.
After completing his undergraduate education and with a scholarship from a Catalan bank, he continued his studies in the USA. He did a Master in Music at Florida State University (graduated with honors in 1983), where he was able to combine music performance with a formal education in computer music in one of the few centers that at that time offered this possibility. In 1983 he obtained a Fulbright scholarship to do a PhD and was accepted at Stanford University to work at the Center for Computer Research in Music and Acoustics (CCRMA), specializing in audio signal processing for music applications. At CCRMA, he studied with pioneers in the field like John Chowning, Max Mathews and Julius Smith. Xavier Serra obtained his PhD in 1989 with a thesis entitled: A System for Sound Analysis/Transformation/Synthesis based on a Deterministic plus Stochastic Decomposition. Out of the thesis, Stanford University obtained a patent and a number of relevant academic articles were published. Serra's thesis was recognized as an important contribution in the field of Sound and Music Computing, being cited by several hundred academic publications in the next few years and obtaining a wide recognition from the research community.
Kieran Sells (born March 30, 1984) is a production assistant on ABC's Jimmy Kimmel Live. Sells, who was born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, began his show business career by appearing as a child extra in many movies, including John Carpenter's 1995 cult classic, In the Mouth of Madness. He attended Temple University in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Eric Nicks graduated from Hampton University and began co-managing the sister of his best friend, up and coming rapper, Foxy Brown-(rapper). In ''96 Nicks received a call from Lyor Cohen and Chris Lighty, offering him a position at Violator (company) Records and Management where he would help shape the careers of LL Cool J, Busta Rhymes, and Noreaga. He became the president of the records division when he stepped off on his own and started a management company, EVision, with LL Cool J as one of his clients. He was involved in the platinum releases of Foxy Brown's Ill NaNa, LL Cool J's The DEFinition, and Lyfe Jennings`` debut Lyfe 268-192. Eric Nicks received a call from Kevin Liles, former president of Def Jam, for a position as Vice President of A&R at Def Jam. Under Nicks`` tenure, LL dropped his 10th album, which included the number one single, ``Love You Better.'' In 2003, Nicks left Def Jam to become Sr. Vice President of A&R at Sony Records. He went on to Sr. VP of A&R at Universal Motown Records in 2006.
Edgar Frisby (May 22, 1837-- 1927) was an American astronomer, born at Great Easton, Leicestershire, England. He graduated from the University of Toronto in 1863 (M. A., 1864), then taught in Canada in 1863-67, and for a short time was professor of mathematics at Northwestern University. He was assistant astronomer in the United States Naval Observatory, Washington from 1868 to 1878, and professor of mathematics in the United States Navy from 1878 until he retired in 1899. Professor Frisby observed several eclipses for the government, computed the orbit of the comet of 1882, and had charge of the 12-inch equatorial telescope until his retirement.
Charles MacKay (born May 1950, Albuquerque, New Mexico) is an American arts administrator, currently the General Director of The Santa Fe Opera in New Mexico. He is the son of John and Margaret MacKay and a graduate of Santa Fe High School and of the University of Minnesota.
Runa Lucienne was raised in Toledo, Ohio where she graduated from St. Ursula Academy, an all-girls Catholic school. While in high school, Lucienne participated on the basketball and track and field teams, as well as in the Junior Engineering Technical Society (JETS). During her senior year, she set her school's record in high jump (5``4'') and later placed 12th at the Ohio High School Athletic Association (OHSAA) Division 1 Track and Field Championships. After high school, she moved to New York City to study mechanical engineering at Hunter College and later City College, in addition to pursuing her modeling and acting career. While a freshman at Hunter College she ran track and field, where she won the indoor and outdoor conference championships in high jump, and competed at Madison Square Garden in the annual Colgate Women's Games where she placed 3rd in high jump in the collegiate division.
Benjamin Tang graduated from University of Hong Kong in Economics and Sociology, he joined the Hong Kong civil service as an Administrative Officer in October 1974. He also studied at the Oxford University, the London Business School and the Toronto International Leadership Centre for Financial Sector Supervision. He served in various bureaux and departments and worked in policy areas that covered district administration, sports and culture, transport, municipal services and the environment. His career also included working in the Hong Kong Government Office in London in the mid 80s and the Independent Commission Against Corruption in the early 90s. He was the Government Printer from March 1998 to January 2000 and the Commissioner of Insurance from January 2000 to November 2003. Tang left the Administrative Service and was appointed the Director of Audit in December 2003.
Jenilca Giusti was born on August 21, 1981 at Bayamón, Puerto Rico. At the age of 8, she moved to Daytona, Florida with her family where her musical career began to flourish. She later studied ``Musical Education'' at the prestigious University of Valencia.
Richard Lee McCall, Jr. was born in Detroit on May 6, 1942. He was educated at Hastings College, receiving a B.A. in Biology in 1964. He attended the University of Nebraska from 1964 to 1967, but did not complete another degree.
Magnus Poulsson was born in Drammen, Buskerud county, Norway. His parents were Søren Anton Poulsson (1847--1934) and Ina Bolette Jørgensen (1851--1922). He studied at Den kongelige Tegne- og Kunstskole i Christiania, now the Norwegian National Academy of Craft and Art Industry in Oslo from 1900--03, at the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm from 1903--1905 and apprenticed from 1905-09. Poulsson established his own practice in Oslo during 1909 and worked closely with Arnstein Arneberg.
Richard Klein is an Adjunct Professor of Astronomy at the University of California, Berkeley and a Scientific Staff Member at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL). Klein received his bachelor's degree in physics from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in 1966 and his PhD in physics from Brandeis University in 1973.
Robert Marsland Groves was born in 1880, the son of James Grimble Groves, the brewer and Conservative MP. Robert Groves was educated at Rossall School. He joined the Royal Navy as a midshipman in the 1890s, rising to sub-lieutenant by the summer of 1899 and then lieutenant in February 1900. In the early years of the 20th century Groves was an officer on HMS Vernon.
Irina Fredericks is a Ukrainian-born jazz vocalist and violinist, and now a practicing psychotherapist and a faculty at Florida International University. Fredericks studied music in Russia before moving to the United States in 1997. She attended Florida Atlantic University, receiving a B.A. in Psychology in 2002; Barry University, receiving a M.S. in Clinical Psychology in 2008; and Florida International University, receiving a Ph.D. in Developmental Psychology in 2011.
Strutt left two sons. The elder, Joseph Strutt jnr. (1775--1833), was born on 28 May 1775. He was educated at Christ's Hospital and afterwards trained in Nichols's printing office, but eventually became librarian to the Duke of Northumberland. Besides editing some of his father's posthumous works, he wrote two ``Commentaries'' on the Holy Scriptures, which ran to several editions. He also contributed a brief sketch of his father's life to Nichols's ``Literary Anecdotes'' (1812, v. 665--86). He died at Isleworth, aged 58, on 12 Nov. 1833 leaving a widow and a large family.
Daly was born Ellen Tyne Daly in Madison, Wisconsin, into a creative family; she is the daughter of actor James Daly. Her younger brother is actor Timothy Daly. Her sister-in-law, Amy Van Nostrand, is also an actress. She was raised in Westchester County, New York, where she started her career by performing in summer stock with her family; she earned her Equity Card at age 15. She studied at Brandeis University and The American Musical and Dramatic Academy.
Natalia Erdyniyeva (, Natálya Konstantínovna Erdyníyeva) (born August 6, 1988 in Ulan-Ude, Buryatia) is an athlete from Russia who competes in archery. Natalia is a student at Buryat State University in Ulan-Ude. She was trained by her parents, starting with her mother Gerelma Erdyniyeva. Her hobby is dancing.
The eldest of seven children, Myers has an ancestry that traces its roots to Ireland, England and France. Ancestors settled in northern Illinois in the late 19th century. The Myers family farmed land near Earlville, Illinois. Prayer was an important part of their family routine and John Myers became an altar server in his parish, St. Theresa, from an early age. He attended the Earlville schools and graduated from Loras College in Dubuque, Iowa in 1963. While he was a student at Loras, Bishop John Baptist Franz offered Myers the opportunity to prepare for the priesthood in Rome.
Denis Reagan Hurley (b. 1937, Baldwin, NY) is a federal judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York. Judge Hurley received a B.S. from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in 1959, an M.B.A. from Columbia University in 1962 and a J.D. from Fordham University School of Law in 1966. He was nominated to the court by George H.W. Bush on June 27, 1991, to a new seat created by 104 Stat. 5089, confirmed by the United States Senate on October 31, 1991, and received his commission on November 5, 1991. He assumed senior status on December 18, 2004.
Steinbrenner was born in Rocky River, Ohio, the only son of Rita (née Haley) and Henry George Steinbrenner II, who had been a world-class track and field hurdler while at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, from which he graduated in engineering in 1927, first in his class. The elder Steinbrenner later became a wealthy shipping magnate who ran the family firm operating freight ships hauling ore and grain on the Great Lakes. George III was named after his paternal grandfather, George Michael Steinbrenner II. Steinbrenner has two younger sisters, Susan and Judy.
Bill Crider was born in Mexia, Texas. He received an M.A. at the University of North Texas (in Denton). Later, he taught English at Howard Payne University for twelve years, before earning a Ph.D. at the University of Texas, where he wrote a dissertation on the hardboiled detective novel. He then moved to Alvin, Texas with his wife, where he was the Chair of the Division of English and Fine Arts at Alvin Community College. He retired in August 2002 to become a full-time writer.
Riki Ellison, founder and president of the M.D.A.A., received a degree from the University of Southern California, including a certificate in defense and strategic studies, and has two decades of experience in missile defense advocacy, consultancy, and expertise. Ellison played nine seasons in the NFL with the San Francisco 49ers and Los Angeles Raiders. After winning two Rose Bowls and a national championship at USC, Ellison was selected in the 1983 NFL Draft by the 49ers, with whom he won three Super Bowl championships.
Kim Bobo founded Interfaith Worker Justice in 1991 as Chicago Interfaith Committee on Worker Issues. Bobo had previously been director of organizing at Bread for the World and an instructor at the Midwest Academy. In 1989, Bobo became involved with workers' rights campaigns for coal miners. She was startled to find that almost no religious organizations had labor liaisons. She started an informal network of religious leaders to share information about campaigns for worker justice that year.
He was born in Österåker, Stockholm County, Sweden, in 1714 to Johan and Sara Acrelius. His brother was the surgeon Olof af Acrel. He attended Uppsala University and was ordained as a minister of the Church of Sweden in 1743. He served as the pastor of churches in Riala, Sweden starting in 1745.
Jeffrey Chuan Chu (1920 -- June 6, 2011) was a pioneer computer engineer. He received his BS from the University of Minnesota and his MS from the Moore School at the University of Pennsylvania. Chuan was a core member of the engineering team that designed the first American electronic computer, the ENIAC.
Roger Tamraz (Arabic: روجيه تمرز) is an international banker and venture capital investor who has had an active business career in oil and gas in the Middle East, Europe, Asia and the United States since the early 1960s. Born in 1940 in Cairo, Egypt to Lebanese parents, Tamraz grew up speaking fluent English, French and Arabic. His early schooling was at the prestigious English School in Cairo. He subsequently attended the American University in Cairo, Cambridge University in a Ph.D. program, and the Institut Européen d’Administration (INSEAD) in Fontainebleau, France. He received an MBA in 1966 from Harvard Business School, where his classmates included many future leaders in Western and international governments and businesses.
Freedman was born in Los Angeles. His father, Benedict Freedman, was an aeronautical engineer, musician, and writer. His mother, Nancy Mars, performed as an actress and also trained as an artist. His parents cowrote a series of novels together. He entered the University of California, Berkeley, in 1968, and continued his studies at Princeton University where he received Ph.D. degree in 1973 for his doctoral dissertation titled Codimension-Two Surgery, written under the supervision of William Browder. After graduating, Freedman was appointed a lecturer in the Department of Mathematics at the University of California, Berkeley. He held this post from 1973 until 1975, when he became a member of the Institute for Advanced Study (IAS) at Princeton. In 1976 he was appointed assistant professor in the Department of Mathematics at the University of California, San Diego (UCSD). He spent the year 1980/81 at IAS, returning to UCSD, where in 1982 he was promoted to professor. He was appointed the Charles Lee Powell chair of mathematics at UCSD in 1985.
Sessions was born in Waco, Texas, where he grew up. His father is William S. Sessions, the former director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. He graduated from Southwestern University in Georgetown, Texas in 1978. Sessions then worked for Southwestern Bell for 16 years. He rose to the rank of district manager for marketing in Dallas, supervising 435 employees and managing a $16 million budget. He also worked at Bell Communications Research (AKA Bellcore, currently named Telcordia Technologies) in New Jersey.
Alias Labakhua was born in 1963 in Sukhumi. In 1980 he graduated from Sukhumi school no. 4, V. Mayakovski. In 1985 he graduated from the Abkhazian State University in Law, having acquired the qualifications of a lawyer. From 1985 until 1987 Labakhua served with the Soviet army in East Germany. From March 1988 until April 1990, Labakhua served as assistant attorney with the procuracy of the Abkhazian ASSR in the city of Tkvarcheli. From April till August 1990 he served as assistant attorney responsible for the execution of laws on minors in the Abkhazian ASSR. From August 1990 until December 1991 Labakhua served as senior assistant Attorney in the Azov-Black Sea environmental prosecutor's office in Sukhumi.
His list of teachers has included Tessa Nicholson, Maria Curcio, Pierre Sancan, Michel Beroff, Jacques Detiege, Alan Weiss and Nelson Freire. He has also attended the International Piano Academy Lake Como, where he worked with Dimitri Bashkirov, Fou Ts'ong, Murray Perahia and Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau. He has also been taught by and performed with Martha Argerich. Argerich remains one of his staunchest supporters.
Basil Milovsoroff (1906-1992) was an accomplished Russian-American puppeteer. He was born in Siberia, close to the Mongolian border and emigrated to the United States when he was very young. He received a BS and Masters degrees from the Oberlin College, and in 1957 he joined the Department of Russian Studies at Dartmouth College.
Arthur Vinton attended the Brooklyn Polytechnic Institute then joined the United States Navy and became a Col. A.D.V. Midshipman before attending college. He graduated from Columbia Law School and started a law firm during 1879 with two wealthy classmates, his cousin Perry Belmont and George Frelinghuysen. The firm of Vinton, Belmont & Frelinghuysen lasted about five years. Belmont was elected to the House of Representatives and Frelinghuysen married into the Ballantine family and soon became president of the Ballantine Brewing company. When his friend Lloyd Bryce, whom he met at Columbia Law, became the editor of the North American Review during 1889, Vinton began working there and contributing.
Jeanne Bowser (born 1981 in Montreal, Quebec) is the daughter of George Bowser, half of Canadian musical comedy duo Bowser & Blue. Standing at 6'1``, she graduated from F.A.C.E. School, a high school in Montreal, in 1998 and from Concordia University in 2003, and subsequently worked there. She is known for her role in Fries with That? as Pattie Johnson.
Joseph Altman discovered adult neurogenesis, the creation of new neurons in the adult brain, in the 1960s. As an independent investigator at MIT, his results were largely ignored. In the late 1990s, the fact that the brain can create new neurons even into adulthood was rediscovered, leading it to be one of the hottest fields in neuroscience. Altman continued his career at Purdue University, where he wrote several acclaimed articles and books on cerebellar development. He is now retired.
Michael Velliquette (born, 1971 in Sandusky, Ohio) received his BFA from Florida State University in Tallahassee, FL in 1993. In 1999 he earned his BA followed by his MFA from the University of Wisconsin in Madison, WI. He now works and lives in Madison, WI.
Kent Rominger was born in Del Norte, Colorado. He graduated from Del Norte High School, Del Norte, Colorado, in 1974. In 1978, he received a bachelor of science degree in civil engineering from Colorado State University, and in 1987 a master of science degree in aeronautical engineering from the U.S. Naval Postgraduate School.
Jackie Mekler is a South African long-distance runner. His early life was spent in Johannesburg, where he attended Parktown Boys' High School.
Bob Flint (born 1941), also known as Robert Flint, is an American ceramic artist. He arrived in Hawaii in 1960 for a summer of surfing and quickly realized that he wanted to stay. In 1961 he entered the University of Hawaii, earning his Bachelor's and Master's degrees in Fine Art, with a specialization in ceramics.
Thomas Day (1777--1855) graduated from Yale College in 1797; studied law at Litchfield Law School; and, from September 1798 to September 1799, was a tutor in Williams College. He was admitted to the bar in December 1799, and began practice in Hartford. In 1809, he was appointed assistant secretary of the state of Connecticut and in 1810 secretary, an office which he retained until 1835.
Daughter of film producer Philippe Dussart and painter Monique Cartier, Patricia Barbizet graduated from ESCP Europe in 1976. She began her career as an executive assistant with Renault in 1977.
Not able to return to Romania, Leon settled in Moscow, adopting the pseudonym Adolf Cristin. Here he graduated in economics from the Institute of Red Professors in 1926, later becoming the head of the Industry Department of the Central Office of Economic Accounting of the USSR. At the request of the communists in Romania, he translated a part of Lenin's works in Romanian, under the coordination of David Fabian. For a short time in 1928 he was a member in Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Romania, along with fellow exiles Fabian and Elek Köblös. He was arrested on April 5, 1937, during the Stalinist purges. On April 25, 1938 he was indicted with ``spying and provocative activities and membership in a right-wing counter-revolutionary organisation'', and was executed on the same day. Leon Lichtblau was posthumously rehabilitated by a decision of the Soviet Supreme Court on October 3, 1956, as well as by a commission of the Romanian Communist Party in 1968.
Zachary Weiner was born October 15, 1980 and grew up in a suburb of Chicago named Buffalo Grove. He attended Stevenson High School and proceeded to receive his education at Indiana University where he studied psychology with a minor in business. During his time at Indiana University, Weiner published several novels that came with mixed reviews. He also worked on a non-fiction title that never received publication, but in the process interviewed some of the current business leaders of that time period including Steve Ballmer; and started a literacy non-profit organization entitled Reading for Charity. http://www.idealist.org/if/i/en/av/Org/104974-35 The non-profit organization was left in the hands of another writer Weiner worked with who had stayed in Indiana when Weiner left. Zachary is also actively engaged in extreme sports and taught martial arts for the Illinois Shotokan Karate Club.
During one of these visits to New York City he met the Armenian painter Ariel Agemian, who had ended his studies at the Academy of Venice with a Gold Medal, and been dubbed Knight of the Order of St. Gregory by Pope Pius XII. Agemian was a very gifted and capable teacher, who brought a complete change into Erik's seafaring life. During his voyages to South American ports, Erik Schmidt tried his hand at drawing and painting, showed the results to Ariel, and was guided and encouraged by him, until he finally decided to give up seafaring and become a painter. After a short stay in Sweden in December 1949 he studied at the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts from 1950 to 1953. After a stay in Johannesburg, South Africa in 1957, he established himself in Palma de Mallorca, where he has lived and worked ever since.In 1973 he met Kerstin Lindahl the woman he soon married, a beautiful,, intelligent young woman with a strong sense of loyalty and that changed his life for ever. Kerstin is a lively bright companion independent and well travelled before marrying. Erik discovered that he was accepted and appreciated as he was, and could now concentrate on his painting
Tom Norris was born in Kent and attended Chetham's School of Music as a child. Later he studied at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama in London, and began singing and playing in local clubs as a jazz violinist with musicians including Lionel Grigson. After finishing school, he played as an extra with the London Symphony Orchestra, began to write songs and toured in a piano trio with Norbert Zehm and Kate Shortt. He continued his studies at Banff Centre for the Arts in Alberta, Canada, and then took a position for two years as Principal Second Violinist with the Winnipeg Symphony Orchestra. He returned to London for a position with the London Symphony Orchestra, where he plays Co-Principal Second Violin.
As the war situation gradually turned against the Japanese, the Japanese government advanced its previously vague promise to grant Burma independence after the end of the war. The Japanese felt that this would give the Burmese a real stake in an Axis victory in the Second World War, creating resistance against possible re-colonization by the western powers, and increased military and economic support from Burma for the Japanese war effort. A Burma Independence Preparatory Committee chaired by Ba Maw was formed May 8, 1943 and the nominally independent State of Burma was proclaimed on August 1, 1943 with Ba Maw as ``Naingandaw Adipadi'' (head of state) as well as prime minister. The new state quickly declared war on the United Kingdom and the United States, and concluded a Treaty of Alliance with the Empire of Japan. Ba Maw attended the Greater East Asia Conference in Tokyo in November 1943, where he made a speech speaking of how it was the call of Asiatic blood that drew them together into a new era of unity and peace. However, the new state failed to secure popular support or diplomatic recognition due to the continued presence and activities of the Imperial Japanese Army, and after their collaborationist allies, the Burma National Army defected to the Allies side, the government collapsed.
On 25 September 1943, as promised, Japan ceded all of the Shan states to Burma except for Kengtung and Mongpan, which had already been given to Thailand. Ba Maw attended the Greater East Asia Conference in Tokyo from 5--6 November 1943.
Born in Tazewell County, Illinois, Prince attended the public schools. He was graduated from Knox College, Galesburg, Illinois, in 1878. He studied law. He was admitted to the bar in 1880 and commenced practice in Galesburg, Illinois. City attorney of Galesburg 1881-1883. He served as chairman of the Republican county central committee of Knox County in 1884. He served as member of the State house of representatives in 1888. He was reelected in 1890. He was an unsuccessful candidate for attorney general of Illinois on the Republican ticket in 1892.
Hamilton was born in New Brunswick, New Jersey to William J. Hamilton and May V. Mulligan. After receiving a B.A. degree from Rutgers University in 1954, he served in the United States Navy, rising to the rank of Lieutenant, Junior Grade. In 1960 he received a J.D. from Georgetown University. He moved to Florida, where he was a law clerk for a U.S. District Court judge (1960-1961) and an assistant U.S. attorney (1962-67).
Charles Stokes received a B.F.A. from Eastern Washington University and an M.F.A. from the University of Oregon.
Alec Ogletree (born September 25, 1991) is an American football Linebacker for the Georgia Bulldogs, playing under head coach Mark Richt. Ogletree graduated from Newnan High School in Newnan, Georgia.
Krishna Byre Gowda was born in Bangalore, Karnataka, to C. Byre Gowda and Savithramma. He graduated with a master's degree (M.A) from the School of International Service, at American University in Washington, D.C. in 1999. Earlier he completed a bachelor's degree in business management from Christ College, now known as Christ University, in Bangalore in 1994.
Robinson read economics at Girton College, Cambridge. Immediately after graduation in 1925, she married economist Austin Robinson. In 1937, she became a lecturer in economics at the University of Cambridge. She joined the British Academy in 1958 and was then elected fellow of Newnham College in 1962. In 1965 she was given the position of full professor and fellow of Girton College. In 1979, just four years before she died, she became the first female fellow of King's College.
Herbert Elwell (May 10, 1898 - April 17, 1974) was an American composer and music critic. A native of Minneapolis, he was among the first Americans to study in France with Nadia Boulanger. While in Paris his Quintet for Piano and Strings (1924) garnered more praise than George Gershwin's Rhapsody in Blue, which was premiered at the same concert. He began his studies in music at the University of Minnesota, and went on to work with Ernest Bloch prior to his sojourn in France. He also attended the American Academy in Rome during which time he composed his most frequently performed work, the ballet The Happy Hypocrite (1925).
Scott Earl Holman was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He moved to Miami, Florida in 1972 to attend the University of Miami where he studied studio music and jazz piano with Wally Cirillo, who recorded with Charles Mingus and studied under John Cage.
Marcia Tucker (born Marcia Silverman; April 11, 1940 -- October 17, 2006) was the founding director of the New Museum of Contemporary Art from 1977 to 1999, a museum located in New York City, dedicated to innovative art and artistic practice. There, she organized such major exhibitions as The Time of Our Lives (1999), A Labor of Love (1996), and Bad Girls (1994), and was co-curator of a retrospective exhibition by the Catalan artist Perejaume at the Museum of Contemporary Art in Barcelona in 1999. She was the series editor of Documentary Sources in Contemporary Art, five books of theory and criticism published by the New Museum. From 1999 to 2006 she worked as a free-lance art critic, writer, and lecturer. She taught at Cornell University, Colgate University, and The Bard College Center for Curatorial Studies. While living in Santa Barbara, California, she was a critic in residence in the Fine Arts Department and Graduate Studies: Fine Arts at Otis College of Art and Design from 2005-2006.
Jerry Sandusky attended Washington High School, where he was a good student and standout athlete, playing baseball, basketball and football. He was a leader on his junior high basketball team that went undefeated through the Western Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic League. Personally, his classmates have described him as a studious ``loner'' who ``never dated in high school'' but was a popular and handsome athlete.
In 1986 Lewis Turco won the Melville Cane Award of the Poetry Society of America for his book of criticism ``Visions and Revisions of American Poetry'' and in 1992 he received a Distinguished Alumnus Award from the Alumni Association of the University of Connecticut. He was inducted into the Meriden, Connecticut, Hall of Fame in 1993, and in 1999 he received the John Ciardi Award for lifetime achievement in poetry sponsored by the National Italian American Foundation. In May 2000 he received an honorary degree, Doctor of Humane Letters, from Ashland University in Ohio and a second from the University of Maine at Fort Kent in 2009. His book won the Wild Card category of the New England Book Festival in the same year.
He was born Rowland Egerton in 1804 at Norley Bank, Norley, Cheshire, the eldest son of Rev. Rowland Egerton BA and his wife, Emma. His father was the seventh son of Philip Egerton who became the 9th baronet of Egerton and Oulton on the death of his elder brother in 1825. His maternal grandmother (also called Emma) was the youngest sister of Sir Peter Warburton, 5th baronet of Arley, who had no children. Sir Peter died in 1813 and in his will he left the estates of Warburton and Arley to Rowland junior, who was at that time still a minor. His father added the name ``Warburton'' by royal licence in the same year. Egerton-Warburton was educated at Eton College, and although he was admitted to Corpus Christi College, Oxford in 1823, there is no evidence that he was awarded a degree. After his time in Oxford he went on a Grand Tour, and returned to the life of a squire at Arley Hall, having gained control of the estates on achieving his age of majority in 1825.
Thomas Taylor, born in the East Indies, was the eldest son of Joseph Irwin Taylor, colonel in the East Indian army. He was educated at Trinity College, Dublin, graduating B.A. in 1807, and M.B. and M.D. in 1814. He was afterwards elected a fellow of the King and Queen's College of Physicians, and during his residence in Dublin acted as physician in ordinary to Sir Patrick Dun's Hospital.
Nikolai Fedorenko graduated from Moscow Institute of Oriental Studies in 1937. In 1954, he received a rank of extraordinary and plenipotentiary ambassador of the USSR. In 1955-1958, Nikolai Fedorenko was a deputy foreign minister and then Soviet ambassador to Japan (1958--1962), where he succeeded the late Ivan Tevosian. In 1963-1968, he was appointed Permanent Representative of the USSR to the UN and Soviet representative at the United Nations Security Council. In 1970-1988, Nikolai Fedorenko was the editor-in-chief of the Foreign Literature magazine.
Meggie Albanesi (1899--1923) was a British stage and film actress. She was born Margherita Albanesi in London on 8 October 1899. Her mother was Effie Adelaide Rowlands, a writer, and her father was Chevalier Carlo Albanesi, an Italian violinist. She attended the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts and made her film debut in 1919. She enjoyed a successful theatre career, starring in plays such as John Galsworthy's The First and the Last opposite Owen Nares. She was soon being hailed by critics as one of the brightest prospects in British acting. However after making just six films Albanesi died at the age of 23 in Broadstairs, Kent on 9 December 1923.
Flagello was born in New York City, into a very musical family. His brother Ezio Flagello was a bass who sang at the Metropolitan Opera. One of his first music teachers was the composer Vittorio Giannini, and he then studied at the Manhattan School of Music. In 1955, he went on to the Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia in Rome where he studied with Ildebrando Pizzetti. His music was first recorded in the early 1960s, and he produced a large body of work, reaching the height of his fame with his oratorio, The Passion of Martin Luther King (1968), premiered in 1974. In the mid-1980s, his career was cut short by a degenerative disease. He died in New Rochelle, N.Y. on March 16, 1994.
Antony Peebles studied at Westminster School and Trinity College, Cambridge, from which he was awarded a MusB degree. After leaving university, Peebles studied the piano with various tutors including Peter Katin, Yvonne Lefébure and Jeremy Siepmann. He received a number of scholarships during this time.
Amalia Amaki (born Lynda Faye Peek in Atlanta, Georgia) is an African American artist, art historian, educator, film critic and curator who currently resides in Tuscaloosa, Alabama where she is a Professor of Modern and Contemporary Art at the University of Alabama at Tuscaloosa since 2007. Amaki graduated from Georgia State University in Atlanta with a B.A. degree in journalism and psychology. She obtained a B.A. degree from the University of New Mexico in Albuquerque, New Mexico in photography and art history, and earned her M.A. degree in modern European and American art and a Ph.D. in twentieth century American art and culture from Emory University in Atlanta in 1994. Dr. Amaki has taught art history at Spelman College, Morehouse College and Atlanta College of Art in Atlanta, Georgia; Kennesaw State University in Kennesaw, Georgia; and North Georgia College and State University in Dahlonega, Georgia. In 2001, she became Curator of the Paul R. Jones Collection of African American Art at the University of Delaware in Newark, Delaware where she was on the faculty in the Art History and Black Studies Departments.
Leonard Klevan was born in New York in 1951 to Julius and Shirly Klevan. He received a B.A. in Chemistry from Binghamton University and a Ph.D. in Physical Chemistry from Yale University in 1978. He went on to do postdoctoral research at Harvard University.
Jamil Hasanli was born on January 15, 1952 in Ağalıkənd, Bilasuvar Rayon, Azerbaijan SSR. After finishing secondary school in Allar, Jalilabad, he entered Azerbaijan State University's History faculty in 1970. After finishing the university, he worked in Təzəkənd village, Jalilabad Rayon as teacher of history. In 1976 - 1977, he worked as lecturer in Baku branch of Central Lenin Museum. In 1977 he entered doctoral courses of Baku State University and studied New history of countries of Europe and Americas. Since 1980, Jamil Hasanli works at the same place as docent and professor. In 1984, he defended desertation about Soviet-American relations and was named PhD. In 1990, he became docent and in 1992 defended desertation on subject ``Azerbaijan Republic in the system of international relations''.
Tecumseh Sherman Fitch (21 March 1908-- 7 October 1969) was the founder and CEO of Washington Steel Corporation. He was the great-grandson of Civil War general William Tecumseh Sherman. He graduated from Yale University in 1931, when he joined Jessop Steel, initially working as a laborer and then rising in the ranks of management to head the Composite Steel Division from 1936 to 1942. He founded Washington Steel in 1945 .
In 1957, he obtained his PhD from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. From 1958 to 1968, Itzhak Arnon headed the Volcani Institute of Agricultural Research. In 1971, he received the Israel Prize in agriculture.
Calvin Seerveld (b. 1930 in New York) received a BA from Calvin College in 1952, an MA in English literature and classics from the University of Michigan in 1953. He then went on to study under D. H. Th. Vollenhoven at the Free University (VU) in Amsterdam, where his doctoral dissertation dealt with Croce's aesthetics. It was supervised by Vollenhoven and Carlo Antoni. He then taught philosophy and German at Trinity Christian College, and went on to teach philosophical aesthetics at the Institute for Christian Studies in Toronto.
Bob Ferguson had hoped to follow in his father's footsteps by establishing a career in medicine, however that was not to be. Instead, he began a degree in agriculture at the University of Regina in 1937. As was the case for so many of his generation, his education was interrupted by World War ll.
Mary Frank Fox received a B.A., M.A., and Ph.D. in Sociology from University of Michigan.
Fred Omach attended Nyapeya High School, in Nebbi District, for his S1 to S4 schooling. He then attended Lango College in Lira for his S1 to S6 studies graduating in 1973. He entered Makerere University, the oldest university in East Africa, in 1974, graduating in 1977 with the degree of Bachelor of Arts in Economics & Social Administration (BA).
John Hansen graduated with a Bachelor of Laws in 1968 from the University of Otago, New Zealand. In 1967, he had joined the law firm of Aspinall, Joel & Co and then moved to John E Farry. In 1969, he became a partner of the firm, which is now called as John E. Farry & Hansen. During the years between 1979 and 1988, Hansen was based in Hong Kong appointed as a magistrate, coroner, district court judge, family court judge and High Court master. In 1988, he returned to New Zealand and became a master of the New Zealand High Court. He was later appointed as a judge of the High Court in July 1995. In the recent years, he is performing his duties at Christchurch High Court. Hansen was awarded DCNZM in the 2008 Queen's Birthday Honours, for services to the judiciary.
The son of Judge Robert Latane Montague, Andrew Jackson Montague was born in 1862 in Campbell County near Lynchburg, Virginia, his family having fled there to escape the American Civil War. After the war, his family returned to the Tidewater area, and Montague worked on the family farm and attended schools in Middlesex County and Williamsburg. After the death of his father in 1880, Montague left the farm and went to Richmond, Virginia. He received his college education there, from Richmond College (predecessor to the University of Richmond), where he gained a reputation as a skilled orator and debator. After several years as a private tutor, Montague became a law student at the University of Virginia, graduating with a law degree in 1885.
Mullineux was born in Barton-upon-Irwell, Eccles, Lancashire, though some sources record his birthplace as nearby Worsley, to Matthew Mullineux, an insurance-inspector, and his wife Elizabeth Derbyshire. He was educated at Manchester Grammar School and then Matriculated to St John's College, Cambridge. He received his BA in 1896, and the next year was ordained as a Deacon at Southwark Cathedral. The next year he was ordained as a priest and took his orders at the Church of Mottingham, also becoming the Assistant Master at the nearby Royal Naval School in Eltham. On the 9 May 1899 he left England for Australia as part of the British Isles rugby tour and left both his posts.
Karl Ludwig Fridolin von Sandberger (1826--1898), German palaeontologist and geologist, was born at Dillenburg, Nassau, on the 22nd of November 1826. He was educated at the universities of Bonn, Heidelberg and Giessen, at the last of which he graduated Ph.D. in 1846. He then studied at the University of Marburg, where he wrote his first essay, Ubersicht der geologischen Verhaltnisse des Herzogtums Nassau (1847).
Dirk Hannema was born in Batavia, Dutch East Indies, the son of Dirk Hannema and Hermine Elise de Stuers. When he was five, the family moved to the Netherlands. After graduating from high school and fulfilling his military service, he studied law at Leiden University between 1917 and 1919, and then art history at Utrecht University.
James J. Shuttleworth was a graduate of Warren High School in 1955. He attended Purdue University and received a Bachelor of Science degree in mechanical engineering in 1960.
Kay Mortensen (July 6, 1939 - November 16, 2009) was a retired professor of mechanical engineering at Brigham Young University who was murdered. He was born to Sherman and Roxie Mortensen in Ephraim, Utah on July 6, 1939. Kay graduated from Snow College, Utah State University, and finally from the University of Utah where he received a Ph.D. in Metallurgy. Kay was a professor of mechanical engineering at Brigham Young University for 37 years where he taught courses in manufacturing design, engineering technology, and mechanical engineering until his retirement. Three weeks before his murder he was released from serving as a missionary for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in the Utah Provo Mission (LDS Church) at Cove Fort, Utah (now part of the Utah St. George Mission).
Phil McCrea is currently a recently retired biology teacher from New Trier High School in Northfield, Illinois and teacher at The College of Lake County(CLC) in Grayslake, Illinois and at Mchenry Community College (MCC) in Crystal Lake, IL. He taught at New Trier since 1971, at CLC since 1995, and at MCC starting the summer of 2008. He won the outstanding part-time faculty award from the College of Lake County in 2006. At New Trier, he was a sponsor of the Biology Club as well as the Biology Coach for Science Olympiad.
Michel Mossessian (born November 11, 1959) is a French architect based in London, UK. Michel gained his diploma in architecture at the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts UP N°8 in Paris, where he also engaged in philosophy under Jacques Derrida and Michel Foucault. His consistent design talent was recognised when he was invited to be a Villa Medicis Hors les Murs fellow at the Cooper Union School of Architecture in New York, where he studied Advanced Design. He subsequently completed his masters in design studies at Harvard Graduate School of Design.
Martin Cullen was born in Waterford in 1954. He was educated at Waterpark College and the Regional Technical College, Waterford. He is married and has four children -- three sons and one daughter. However, in late 2004 he stated that he was separated from his wife, Dorothy.
Rayna Gellert (born December 15, 1976) is an American fiddler and singer specializing in old-time music. She grew up in Elkhart, in northern Indiana. Her father is the traditional fiddler and banjo player Dan Gellert. Originally a classically-trained violinist, she took up the old-time fiddle in 1994, when she moved to North Carolina to attend Warren Wilson College. She received a bachelor's degree from Warren Wilson College.
Frederick Leslie Ransome, Ph.D. (1868--1935) was an American geologist, born at Greenwich, England. He was educated at the University of California (S.B., 1893; Ph.D., 1896). He was employed by the United States Geological Survey. His many official reports and bulletins dealt mainly with phases of economic geology. He helped found the journal Economic Geology in 1905, and was associate editor of the Journal of the Washington Academy of Sciences. Ransome was a member of the National Academy of Sciences, and served as NAS Treasurer in 1919.
Stanley Phillip Gold (born September 10, 1942) is President and CEO of Shamrock Holdings, Roy E. Disney's private investment company. He was on the Walt Disney Company's board of directors 1984; 1987-2003. He and Roy resigned to publicly campaign to oust then CEO and Chairman of the Board Michael Eisner. He also helped oust CEO Ron W. Miller and hire Eisner in 1984. He has played a leading role at USC (past chairman of the board of trustees) and the University of Southern California Law School, sustained Jewish organizations with both his leadership and treasure, and been a significant political contributor.
Adris Deleon was born in the Dominican Republic but his family emigrated to the United States where he grew up on the Upper West Side of Manhattan and attended Louis D. Brandeis High school but rarely attended class. He didn't start to take basketball seriously until his senior year. He attended the College of the Siskiyous in California before moving to the College of Southern Idaho before finally moving to and graduating from Eastern Washington University. He played for the Eastern Washington Eagles in 2007-08 and 2008-09, playing in 48 games and averaging 9.5 points, 2.4 rebounds and 2.3 assists per game in the Big Sky Conference.
Kamaria Muntu (born November 1, 1962) is a poet, writer and activist. She was born in Baltimore, Maryland the daughter of an elementary school teacher, who later became a curriculum specialist, and a bus driver who was among the first Black men to integrate the Baltimore Transit Company. When she was a month old, her parents divorced and she and her mother lived with her grandparents. Her mother later remarried and she had a turbulent upbringing, but it was her grandmother's steadfast commitment to community that profoundly influenced her sense of social justice. While attending Milford Mill Senior High school now Milford Mill Academy in Baltimore, she notes humorously that she played Mrs. Chumley in a production of Harvey, the wife to Dr. Chumley played by the now celebrity Ira Glass, of ``This American Life''. She is a single mother, with a son and a daughter born in 1983 and 1985 respectively. Muntu has organized extensively in Baltimore, North Carolina, Savannah - and Atlanta, Georgia where ``she grew her political and feminist wings'' around issues ranging from gender equality to the death penalty. Muntu has read her poetry at the National Black Arts Festival in Atlanta with such notables as Sonia Sanchez and Mari Evans. She was diagnosed with Lymphoma Cancer in 1994 and considers herself a survivor. In 1996, after hearing her read her poetry, author and American Book Award winner Dr. Joyce Ann Joyce suggested her for inclusion in the prestigious anthology . One of the featured poems ``Of Women and Spirit'' is an homage to African-American film-maker Julie Dash's ``Daughters of the Dust''. The editors hailed Muntu as a ``rising star in neo-aesthetic literary circles''. Spurred by her dedication to women's equality, she was one of the principal writers (among them Ajamu Baraka who won the United Nations Ambassador Kofi Annan award as a death penalty activism) of a paper entitled ``A Call to End the Oppression of Women...'' a position paper confronting the sexist undertones of the Million Man march published in Fertile Ground by Kalamu Ya Salaam and Keshia Brown (Renagade Press). Muntu has said that one of the highlights of her life was having New Years dinner with the famed historian Dr. John Henrik Clarke at the home of Larry ``Obadele Williams''. In 2007 Muntu relocated to London, United Kingdom where she founded Right Limb Films, a progressive production company.
Keith Geddes is a professor emeritus in the David R. Cheriton School of Computer Science within the Faculty of Mathematics at the University of Waterloo in Waterloo, Ontario. He is a former director of the Symbolic Computation Group in the School of Computer Science. He received a BA in Mathematics at the University of Saskatchewan in 1968; he completed both his MSc and PhD in Computer Science at the University of Toronto.
Blair Horn (born July 17, 1961 in Kelowna, British Columbia) is a former Canadian rower, who was a member of the Canadian men's eights team that won the gold medal at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California. He was also a graduate of Brentwood College School in Mill Bay, British Columbia.
Judge Emmet G. Sullivan was born in Washington, D.C. and attended public schools in the District of Columbia until his graduation from McKinley High School in 1964. In 1968, he received a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Political Science from Howard University and, in 1971, a Juris Doctor Degree from the Howard University School of Law. Upon graduation from law school, Judge Sullivan was the recipient of a Reginald Heber Smith Fellowship and was assigned to the Neighborhood Legal Services Program in Washington, D.C., where he worked for one year. The following year, he served as a law clerk to Superior Court Judge James A. Washington, Jr., a former professor and Acting Dean of Howard University School of Law.
Odaline de la Martinez was born in 1949 in Matanzas and grew up in Jovellanos, a cane-sugar manufacturing town in the same province. After the Bay of Pigs Invasion in 1961 her parents decided to send her and her sister to live with their aunt and uncle in the U.S.A. She studied at Tulane University, New Orleans, where she read both music and mathematics, graduating summa cum laude in 1972 and receiving several awards upon graduation - a Marshall Scholarship from the British government, and a Danforth and Watson Fellowships - which allowed her to continue her studies at the Royal Academy of Music, where she studied composition with Paul Patterson and piano with Else Cross and where she founded Lontano Ensemble in 1976 with Ingrid Culliford.
Henry Thompson was born in London on April 2, 1859, the son of Sir Henry Thompson, 1st Baronet. He was educated at Marlborough College and Trinity College, Cambridge. After careers in law and medicine, he became interested in Egyptology. He was a lecturer and fellow at University College, London, and chairman of the Golders Green Crematorium. There is a chair established in his name at Cambridge University.
Bruce Ogilvie was born in 1920 in Victoria, Canada. Ogilvie met his wife, Eva Diane, in 1938 and was married to her in 1943. During this time he attended the University of San Francisco and studied psychology and also received his masters from Portland State. Shortly after his marriage the family moved to London so Ogilvie could pursue his PhD. He received his PhD from the University of London in 1954, in sport psychology. After Ogilvie received his PhD the family moved to Los Gatos, California. Ogilvie then began working at San Jose State University as a professor. In 1979 he retired from his job at San Jose State University. In 2003 Bruce Ogilvie passed away at his home in Los Gatos, California.
Old scholars form the Sibford Old Scholars Association (SOSA). Elizabeth Jolley (4 June 1923 -- 13 February 2007) attended Sibford from the age of 11 to 17 She latter become an award winning author notable in Australian literature for her critically acclaimed novels based upon the alienated characters and the nature of loneliness and entrapment. Paul Eddington CBE (18 June 1927 -- 4 November 1995) was an English actor best known for his appearances in popular television sitcoms of the 1970s and 1980s. Joseph Coles Kirby (1837--1924) was an English flour miller who migrated to Sydney, Australia in 1854. In 1864, Kirby was ordained in the Congregational Churches and then ministered to rural and city congregations in Queensland and South Australia and supported or led numerous causes for social reform including the temperance movement, women's suffrage and raising the age of consent to 16 in Australia. Charley Boorman (born 23 Aug 1966) is an adventure, travel writer and actor. Boorman took part in a motorcycle trip from London, New York, Europe and Asia in 2004 this was later made in to a television series. Boorman attended Sibford School for some of his teenage years (1980--1983) to get help for his dyslexia. In 2009, Boorman was made president of Dyslexia Action. Guy Ritchie, actor and director, married Madonna.
Cary Capparelli or R. Cary Capparelli of Chicago, Illinois, is the President of Omni Communique Inc., an international manangement and marketing company. He is also managing partner of Novus Ordo Holdings S.A., a vineyard entity. He is the son of Ralph C. Capparelli, an 17 term legislator in the Illinois House of Representatives. Capparelli played collegiate ice hockey at Northeastern Illinois University winning two team scoring titles. He was named to the original Central States Collegiate Hockey League All Star team twice. He received his undergraduate degree from Drake University and also holds advanced degrees from Northwestern University and Northeastern Illinois University. In 2006, Capparelli enrolled in a doctoral program at Birkbeck College's School of Geography at the University of London. An international race driver, Capparelli has started over 260 race events throughout Europe and North America mostly in the Formula 2000 and Formula 3 categories. He won 7 career races in the lower formulas. He retired as a race car driver after the 2008 Six Hours of Monte Carlo. As head of Omni Communique, Capparelli organized the first motorsport competitions between the former Soviet Union and the United States. He has also produced various marketing and sport programs in Canada, Mexico, several European nations and throughout the United States. In 2000, he formed the United States Formula 3 Championship in association with Volkswagen of Germany.
Gil Shaham was born in Urbana, Illinois, while his parents, Israeli scientists, were on an academic fellowship at the University of Illinois. His father Jacob was an astrophysicist, and his mother, Meira Diskin, was a cytogeneticist. His sister is the pianist Orli Shaham. He is a graduate of the Horace Mann School in Riverdale, New York. The family returned to Jerusalem when Gil was two. At the age of seven, Shaham began taking violin lessons from Samuel Bernstein at the Rubin Academy of Music in Jerusalem. In 1980, when Shaham was nine years old, he played for Isaac Stern, Nathan Milstein and Henryk Szeryng, and attended the Aspen Music School in Colorado, studying with Dorothy DeLay (the teacher of many other leading artists, including Itzhak Perlman and Sarah Chang) and Jens Ellerman.
The third son of Sir Thomas Pelham, 2nd Baronet (but the first by Thomas' third wife Margaret), Pelham was educated at Christ Church, Oxford.
Karl Borromäus Rottmanner (30 October 1783 - 8 July 1824) was a German poet, philosopher, and politician. Born in Munich, he was the son of lawyer and agricultural reformer Simon Rottmanner (1740-1813) and his wife Maria Anna Barbara Paur (1746-1828). His cousin was German composer and organist Eduard Rottmanner. He studied law at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich where he earned a PhD. While a student there he belonged to a student patriotic movement led by Johann Nepomuk von Ringseis. After graduating, he became a member of the Landtag of Bavaria. He died in Ast.
Edward Rosen's academic life, including his education, was spent in New York. He graduated from the City College of New York in 1926 and he received his master's (1929) and doctoral degrees (1939) from Columbia University. He was a teacher at the City College of New York and the Graduate Center of the City University of New York until his retirement in 1977, with two interruptions: he was a visiting professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1957--1958, and at Indiana University in 1963--1964. In 1983, six years after his retirement, he was appointed Distinguished Professor Emeritus at the City University of New York.
Gordon Gund attended Harvard University, where he majored in physical sciences and sociology and played ice hockey. He then served in the United States Navy, becoming department head on two destroyers. He then started a banking career, specializing in corporate finance. He gradually began going blind in the 1960s due to retinitis pigmentosa. By 1970, Gund was totally blind. In 1971, Gund co-founded the Retinitis Pigmentosa Foundation (now known as The Foundation Fighting Blindness) which supports research to find cures and treatments for retinal degenerative diseases. The blindness did not prevent him from being active in business and philanthropy. Gund is the former President of the Board of Trustees of his alma mater, Groton School in Groton, Massachusetts. He has honorary doctorates from Gothenburg University in Sweden, University of Maryland, Baltimore, Whittier College and the University of Vermont. He serves as director of the Kellogg Company of Battle Creek, Michigan, and of Corning Incorporated in Corning, New York. Gund remains active as chairman of the board of directors of The Foundation Fighting Blindness.
Noyes was born in Wayne, New Jersey. He went to Eastern Christian High School with Kevin Jonas. He has a sister named Chelsea and has a dog named Willis. He attended Wagner College where he majored in international business with a minor in east Asian studies. He is now currently living in L.A along with his bandmates of Honor Society.
Alex Mihailovich is a correspondent for , a Canadian investigative newsmagazine television series which airs nationally on Global TV. Alex was previously with CTV for 5 years which included a role as News Anchor at CTV Northern Ontario and Reporter position at CTV Toronto. Born and raised in Toronto, Canada he graduated from Seneca College with a radio-television broadcast diploma and has a political science degree from the University of Western Ontario. Before becoming a journalist, Alex worked for a United Nations agency in the Balkans from 1995-1999.
Collins was born in Hampstead, London, the son of landscape and genre painter William Collins. His older brother was the novelist Wilkie Collins. He was educated at Stonyhurst College in Lancashire.
Gil Ripley studied English and psychology at York University, where he also honed his skills as a playwright and graphic designer. He transferred to University of Arizona in 1995 and graduated in 1997 with a BA, English (minor in Psychology). He spent several years post-graduation as a free agent among various advertising firms, designing and producing book covers, corporate logos, and dot-commabilia. He worked within the world of Public-access television cable TV, honing his skills at technical direction and writing. During this time, Gil's work with an experimental multi-media theatre group allowed him to blossom as a writer and director of farcical stage material.
Akira Eguchi is a Japanese pianist. He was trained as a composer at Tokyo National University of Fine Arts and Music and earned his Masters in piano performance at the Juilliard School. He was the recipient of numerous honors during his time at Juilliard and was awarded a prize for excellence in accompanying at the Henryk Wieniawski Violin Competition.
Amy Denio attended the Cranbrook Schools in Bloomfield Hills from kindergarten through 12th grade, graduating in 1979. She became a autodidactic musician at age 12, quitting piano and starting guitar. She attended Colorado College, and also Hampshire College, graduating with a B.A. in Music Composition and Improvisation from Hampshire in 1984. She is self-taught on guitar, electric bass, drums, saxophone, clarinet, accordion, and various world instruments. She was sponsored by Jazz India to live in Bombay and study Thumri, Northern Indian vocal technique from Dhanashree Pandit-Rai in 1997.
Rachel Zucker is an American poet born in New York City in 1971. She is the author of four collections of poetry, most recently, Museum of Accidents (Wave Books 2009). She also co-edited the book Women Poets on Mentorship: Efforts and Affections with fellow poet, Arielle Greenberg. Her honors include having a poem included in the 2009 Best American Poetry edition, and winning the Salt Hill Poetry Award (1999, judged by C.D. Wright) and the Barrow Street Poetry Prize (2000). In 2002 she won the Center for Book Arts Award (judged by Lynn Emanuel) for her long poem, ``Annunciation''. She is a graduate of Yale University, where she received her B.A. in Psychology. Zucker later went on to the Iowa Writers' Workshop where she received her M.F.A. in poetry. Currently, she lives in New York City with her husband and three sons.
Stephen Allison, born 29 March 1971, is the elected representative serving the 8th District of the Georgia House of Representatives in the United States. He is a graduate of the Virginia Military Institute and a practicing attorney in Blairsville, Georgia. Stephen Allison was elected in November 2008 after a narrow victory over Democratic incumbent Charles F. Jenkins.
Theodor Cazaban (born on 2 April 1921 in Fălticeni, Romania) is a Romanian anti-communist writer. He graduated from the University of Bucharest with a degree in letters and fled to France after the Soviet invasion of 1944, during World War II. While in Paris, he was a staff member of the anti-communist newspaper 'La Nation Roumaine' and contributed to the broadcasts of Radio Free Europe. In 1963 he published the novel 'Parages', in which he describes Communist persecutions of Romanian intellectuals such as Mircea Eliade, Emil Cioran, Eugen Ionescu and others.
Victor Glushkov (August 24, 1923 -- January 30, 1982) was the founding father of information technology in the Soviet Union (and specifically in Ukraine), and one of the founders of Cybernetics. He was born in Rostov-on-Don, Russian SFSR, in the family of a mining engineer. He graduated from Rostov State University in 1948, and in 1952 proposed solutions to the Hilbert's fifth problem and defended his thesis in Moscow State University.
Born in Ripley, Derbyshire and educated at Worcester College, Oxford, where he read PPE, Alec Horsley entered and later abandoned the Colonial Service.
Chief Executive Officer -- Mr Rod Jones Appointed 18 June 2004 Mr Jones has 30 years experience in educational administration and has held a number of senior administrative positions within the Government and the private education sectors. His background covers both secondary and university education including being Deputy Director of the Tertiary Institutions Service Centre and the Secondary Education Authority. Mr Jones has been involved in international education since 1987 and is recognized as one of the leaders in the successful establishment of the sector in Australia. He is one of the co-founders of Navitas and has been instrumental in the expansion and development of the Navitas model into the various markets which it now operates. In April 2007 Mr Jones received an Honorary Doctor of Education from Edith Cowan University in recognition of his contributions to increasing student participation in education.
Dhanush was born to film director Kasthuri Raja as Venkatesh Prabhu Kasthuri Raja (). He finished higher education at St. John's Matriculation Higher Secondary School Alwarthirunagar and entered acting, after being pressurised by his brother, director Selvaraghavan. Dhanush was married on 18 November 2004 to actor Rajinikanth's daughter Aishwarya. They have two sons, named Yatra (b. 10 October 2006) and Linga (b. 21 June 2010).
Marimba Ani completed a BA degree at the University of Chicago, and holds MA and Ph.D. degrees in anthropology from the Graduate Faculty of the New School University. In 1964, during Freedom Summer, she served as an SNCC field secretary, and married civil-rights activist Robert Parris Moses; they divorced in 1966. She has taught as a Professor of African Studies in the Department of Black and Puerto Rican Studies at Hunter College in New York City, and is credited with introducing the term Maafa to describe the African holocaust.
Michele Matheson (born August 14, 1971) is an actress and novelist. She is the daughter of actors Don Matheson and Deanna Lund. Her parents met while performing together in the Irwin Allen science fiction series Land of the Giants (1968-1970) and married soon after the show was cancelled. Michele has two siblings (an older brother, Randy, and sister, Kim). She attended Marymount High School in Los Angeles. She is also a singer/keyboardist and has recorded with a band, The Black Tales, in New York. In 2006, Tin House Books published ``Saving Angelfish,'' a story loosely based on her life.
Paul Rolland earned a Bachelor of Music degree from Simpson College, Indianola, Iowa and a Master of Music degree from the Franz Liszt Academy of Music in Budapest, Hungary. He was the first violist of the Budapest Symphony, and later played viola in the Pro Ideale and Lener String Quartets. When faced with the decision between continuing to perform and developing his teaching approach, he chose teaching.
Martyn Jope studied at Oriel College, Oxford. While studying for his first degree in chemistry, he worked intensively on the archaeology of the city of Oxford. Soon he joined the Archaeological Society of the University and became their secretary and president.
Friedrich Tinner was born in Bern, Switzerland, in 1937 to a Swiss family. He received his early and intermediate education there at Bern where he studied science and per-mathematical courses at a local school. In 1961, Tinner went to Belgium to attend a technical university to study engineering and attended Katholieke Universiteit Leuven. During this time, Abdul Qadeer Khan was also studying for his master's degree in engineering. It was Tinner's college life when he met with Khan and befriended with him in short time. Tinner and Khan studied at Leuven and stayed in a same dorm room. Tinner received his master of science in Nuclear engineering and took an government assignment in Vienna. Even after Khan moved to Netherlands as he joined the URENCO Group, Tinner continued his close association with Khan. After his college years, Tinner went on to work for International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) and was made responsible for uranium reactor for the purpose of power generation. Throughout this time, Tinner kept close contact with Dr. A. Q. Khan.
Howard Malcom (January 19, 1799 -- March 25, 1879) was an American educator and Baptist minister. He attended Dickinson College and Princeton Theological Seminary. He wrote several accounts of Christian missions in Burma and was pastor of churches in Hudson, New York, and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Due to loss of his voice he was required to give up preaching.
Ringo Le is an Asian American filmmaker who is of Vietnamese descent. He directed the film Saigon Love Story which was nominated for the Winds of Asia-Best New Asian Film Award at the Tokyo International Film Festival 2006. The film was an official selection at the Shanghai International Film Festival 2006. In addition, Saigon Love Story had a highly acclaimed, sold-out screening at VC FilmFest 2006. Ringo is a graduate of California State University, Los Angeles. After college, he was selected as a fellow to participate in the Film Independent Project: Involve film mentorship program. He has also participated in the CBS Director's Program at CBS Television City in Los Angeles.
The younger Richard Niccols accompanied Charles Howard, 1st Earl of Nottingham's 1596 expedition against Cadiz, and was on board the admiral's ship Ark at the taking of the city. He matriculated at Magdalen College, Oxford, on 20 November 1602, but then migrated to Magdalen Hall, where he graduated B.A. on 20 May 1606.
Yi Jianlian, along with former NBA player Sun Yue, was a member of the Chinese National Team that played at the 2009 FIBA Asia Championship and 2011 FIBA Asia Championship.. Yi was named the MVP of the 2011 FIBA Asia Championship. He averaged 16.6 points, 10.8 rebounds per game, and 1.4 blocks.
Peter Schneider is the son of a conductor and composer. He spent his early childhood in Königsberg and Saxony; from 1945 to 1950 he lived in Grainau near Garmisch-Partenkirchen and from 1950 in Freiburg im Breisgau. After gaining his Abitur in 1959 he studied German, History and Philosophy at the Universities of Freiburg and Munich. In 1962 he continued his studies at the Free University of Berlin. In the Federal election campaign of 1965 he worked together with a number of well-known writers in the electoral office ``Wahlkampfkontor'' of the SPD.
Sir John Graham Kerr (18 September 1869 -- 21 April 1957) was a Scottish embryologist and Unionist Member of Parliament (MP).   He is best known for his studies of the embryology of lungfishes.Born in Hertfordshire to Scottish parents, Kerr was educated at the Royal High School, Edinburgh, and at the University of Edinburgh, but interrupted his medical studies to join an Argentinian expedition to study the natural history of the Pilcomayo River. On his return, he studied natural sciences at Christ's College, Cambridge, graduating with first class honours in 1896. The Argentinian expedition had ended with the loss of most of the collections, but after graduating he mounted an expedition to the Gran Chaco, bringing home a large collection of material related to the South American lungfish, Lepidosiren paradoxa.After a spell at Christ's College, Cambridge, he was appointed in 1902 as Regius Professor of Natural History in the University of Glasgow (the post was renamed the following year as Regius Professor of Zoology).
The head coach of the Rams during 2006, 2007, and 2008 seasons was Scott Linehan, for whom Looker had previously played at the University of Washington.
Ralph Arthur Bohlmann (born in Palisade, Nebraska) graduated from Concordia Seminary, St. Louis, in 1956. He was ordained on 29 June 1958 in Des Moines, Iowa, by his father, the Rev. Arthur E. Bohlmann. He later received his Ph.D. from Yale University.
Christopher Wursteisen () (born c 1570) was a law student at the University of Padua from 1595. He has been identified with the Cristiano Vurstisio who was credited by Galileo with introducing the teachings of Copernicus to the University, where Galileo was teaching mathematics. He may have been a son of Christian Wursteisen of Basel, who has also been credited with introducing the Copernican system to Padua.
Cortes Wesley Randell, born in Washington DC, graduated from the University of Virginia with an engineering degree.
Duval was born in Schenectady, New York, the son of professional golfer Henry '``Hap'' Duval, and grew up in upstate New York. His father worked full-time for the United States Post Office Department starting at 4 a.m., then taught or played golf until dark, weather permitting. In order to be around his father, Bob learned to play golf when he was six, but the game was also a fit with his competitive nature. He attended Florida State University on a golf scholarship, but Hubert Green was the star of the college team.
Jane Henschel (born 2 March 1952) is an American operatic soprano. Henschel, who was born in Wisconsin, studied at the University of Southern California, and then pursued further studies in Germany, where she has made her home. Her numerous opera appearances include Baba the Turk in Igor Stravinsky's The Rake's Progress with Glyndebourne Festival Opera, the Saito Kinen Festival Matsumoto, and the Salzburg festival; Brangäne in Richard Wagner's Die Walküre with Paris Opéra and the Los Angeles Opera; the Principessa in Giacomo Puccini's Suor Angelica with conductor Riccardo Chailly and the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra; Blanche de la Force in Francis Poulenc's Dialogues des Carmélites in Amsterdam; Kostelnicka Buryjovka in Leoš Janáček's Jenůfa under Seiji Ozawa in Japan; and the Kabanicka in Janáček's Katya Kabanova at the Salzburg Festival among others.
Carlos Castaneda was an American author who graduated from the University of California with a PhD in Anthropology. Starting with The Teachings of Don Juan in 1968, he wrote a series of books that described his training and awareness expanding experiences, sometimes inaccurately described as traditional Mesoamerican shamanism. Initially his books were considered works of anthropology, but five years after the first book was published, critics such as Joyce Carol Oates began to consider them fiction.
Feng Zikai () (1898 - 1975) was a Chinese painter and cartoonist - he graduated from the famous Hangzhou High School (浙江省杭州高级中学).
Ray Walker (born March 16, 1934) is a member of the renowned singing group The Jordanaires. Ray Walker has been the bass singer for the group since 1958. Among the accolades the group has received during his tenure with The Jordanaires is induction into the Country Music Hall of Fame, the NACMAI (North American Country Music Association International) Hall of Fame, the Gospel Music Hall of Fame, Rockabilly Hall of Fame, Vocal Group Hall of Fame. He was, also, awarded the ``Avalon Award'', the highest award given for contribution and accomplishment by his alma mater', David Lipscomb University, in 2005.
Kyle Irion is an American blogger and writer of fiction. Irion is a graduate of the University of North Texas, where he received a B.A. in English. Irion writes a blog, Iron Kyle, which is regularly updated with satirical flash fiction. He also writes for the online journal Whiskey Round Table, which, according to Patrick O. Strickland, Irion and Strickland started Whiskey Round Table together in 2010. Kyle was born and raised in Waxahachie, Texas, but resides in San Marcos, Texas, where he attends Texas State University, working on an M.A. in Literature. He is working on a satirical novel which is expected, according to a former post on Iron Kyle, to be finished late 2011 or early 2012.
Zubin Mehta was born into a Parsi family in Bombay, British India, the son of Mehli and Tehmina Mehta. His father Mehli Mehta was a violinist and founding conductor of the Bombay Symphony Orchestra. Mehta is an alumnus of St. Mary's School, Mumbai, and St. Xavier's College, Mumbai. Mehta initially intended to study medicine, but eventually became a music student in Vienna at the age of 18, under Hans Swarowsky. Also at the same academy along with Mehta were conductor Claudio Abbado and conductor--pianist Daniel Barenboim.
Stephens was born in Atlanta, Georgia. He was a great-great nephew of Alexander Stephens, a grandson of Clement Anselm Evans and a distant cousin of 19th-century U.S. Supreme Court Justice Robert Cooper Grier. Robert Stephens graduated from Boys High School in 1931. He attended the University of Georgia (UGA) at Athens and obtained a Bachelor of Arts (A.B.) in 1935, a Masters (M.A.) in 1937 and a Bachelor of Laws (LL.B.) in 1941. During his education at UGA, he attended the University of Hamburg in Germany in 1935 and 1936.
In April 1905 Damrosch went to France and Belgium looking for musicians for the New York Symphony Orchestra, which he directed from 1885 to 1928. He engaged five musicians: oboist Marcel Tabuteau, flutist Georges Barrère, bassoonist Auguste Mesnard, and clarinetist Leon Leroy from France, and trumpeter Adolphe Dubois from Belgium. Damrosch was fined by the musician's union for not advertising for musicians from New York, but the emigrating musicians were allowed to stay. In addition to achieving the intended effect of improving the quality of the New York Symphony Orchestra, Damrosch brought the United States five extremely fine musicians. Tabuteau (q.v.) was particularly influential. He served as principal oboist of the Philadelphia Orchestra from 1915 to 1954 under Leopold Stokowski and, just as importantly, taught in Philadelphia at the Curtis Institute of Music. Laila Storch wrote, ``During the thirty years during which Tabuteau taught at the Curtis Institute of Music, he came to exercise a decisive influence on the standards of oboe playing in the whole United States, as well as raising the level of woodwind achievement in general. Nor was the impact of his teaching confined to winds alone, as the many string players and pianists who attended his classes will testify.'' Barrère was well known as conductor of his own ensembles and as an influential teacher as well as for being the long-time principal flute player (1905--1928) in the New York Symphony Orchestra. Although perhaps less known, the other three Damrosch imports were important additions to the pool of New York musicians. Mesnard (from 1913--1928) and Leroy (from 1911--1914) were principal players in the New York Philharmonic after leaving the New York Symphony Orchestra. Nathaniel Shilkret's payrolls show Mesnard played in Shilkret's orchestras for more than thirty radio broadcasts.
Blyth, who was born in St Cuthbert's Parish, Edinburgh, was the eldest of the nine children of the railway engineer Benjamin Blyth. He studied at Merchiston Castle School between 1860 and 1864 before studying for a Master of Arts degree from Edinburgh University.
Jaime Rios is a judge on the New York Supreme Court for Queens County. Prior to sitting on the Supreme Court, Judge Rios served on the New York City Civil Court and the Housing Court. Judge Rios holds a B.S. degree from City College of New York, a M.A. degree from New York University, and a law degree from Fordham University School of Law. Following law school, Judge Rios was a prosecutor in King's County and later an attorney for the New York City Police Department. He also teaches landlord/tenant law at Fordham as an adjunct professor. He is also a co-chair of Fordham's Minority Mentorship Program for law students.
James Powderly (born 1976) is a technologist and artist who founded Graffiti Research Lab with Evan Roth. James studied music composition at the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga. After college, he received a Masters Degree from NYU's Interactive Telecommunications Program. James worked at Honeybee Robotics and was part of the team that worked on the Mars Exploration Rovers Rock Abrasion Tool. As the collaborative team Robot Clothes, Powderly and artist Michelle Kempner, received an artist residency at Eyebeam for their project, Automated Biography. The project used small robots to tell the ``personal story about a sick person and their partner.''
Myron Ruscoll Sharaf (1927 -- May 13, 1997) was an American writer and psychotherapist. He taught in the Department of Psychology at Harvard Medical School, and was the director of the Center for Sociopsychological Research and Education, Boston State Hospital and assistant clinical professor of psychology, Department of Psychiatry, Tufts University School of Medicine. He is the author of Fury On Earth: A Biography of Wilhelm Reich (1983). He obtained his Ph.D. from Harvard in 1960.
Erik Bergquist was born in Los Angeles, Ca on February 13, 1968. Bergquist grew up in Palos Verdes, Ca where he attended Chadwick School, a college preparatory school. His contemporaries at Chadwick include actor Brandon Lee and writer-producer Michael Saltzman http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0759167/. Erik went on to study English Literature and Theater Arts at California State University Dominguez Hills. For his senior project, he directed the documentary film, Backstage, about a college production of West Side Story.
Reiko Obata began studying koto in 1980 under masters in the United States and Japan including Mde. Masazumi Mizuno in San Diego, Mde. Kayoko Wakita in Los Angeles, and composer virtuoso Shinichi Yuize in Tokyo. Reiko has a master's degree in music performance from San Diego State University and a Japanese koto master's degree from the Seiha Conservatory of Japanese Music.
Kakutani, a Japanese American, was born in New Haven, Connecticut, the only child of noted Yale mathematician Shizuo Kakutani. She received her B.A. in English literature from Yale University in 1976, where she studied under noted author and Yale writing professor John Hersey, among others. After graduation she initially worked as a reporter for The Washington Post, and then from 1977 to 1979 for Time magazine, where Hersey himself had worked. In 1979, she joined The New York Times as a reporter.
George Norlin was born in Concordia, in Cloud County, Kansas, the son of Swedish immigrant parents. He was educated at Hastings College and at the University of Chicago. He also attended the Sorbonne in Paris. Professor Norlin taught Greek language and literature at the University of Colorado from 1899 to 1917. George Norlin was named acting president of the University of Colorado at Boulder in 1917. By appointment of Columbia University, Norlin spent the 1932-33 year as Theodore Roosevelt Professor of American Life and Institutions at the University of Berlin. After his time in Germany, Norlin spoke and wrote articles warning of the dangers of Nazism and anti Semitism. Norlin was a Weil Lecturer at the University of North Carolina (1934) and was also a trustee of the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching.
It was not until 2006, however, that he gained broad international attention when he attended Art Basel at which he was one of the most successful contemporary Chinese artists. Since then, Zhang Enli's success has slowly infiltrated the international art world as a result of the continued positive reception of his work, and more recently due to solo shows in 2009, such as ``Zhang Enli'' at the Ikon Gallery in Birmingham, curated by Jonathan Watkins, and ``Zhang Enli'', Kunsthalle Bern, Switzerland, curated by Philipe Pirotte.
Cecil R. Paul, president of the Eastern Nazarene College (1989-1992) was a notable Canadian Nazarene College alumnus.
He was born 18 January 1792, the son of Andrew Fyfe the Elder. He graduated M.D. at the University of Edinburgh in 1814, and became fellow of the Edinburgh College of Surgeons in 1818, and president in 1842-3.
Avery August attended government primary schools, and subsequently attended St. Michael's College for Boys (as High Schools in Belize are called), where he earned a High School Diploma. Following one year at the Belize Technical College, he emigrated with his family to Los Angeles, California. There he attended California State University, Los Angeles, where he earned a B.S. degree in Medical Technology. While at California State University, he got involved in undergraduate research in the laboratory of Dr. Phoebe Dea, then Professor of Chemistry & Biochemistry at California State University (see Scientific Career below for details). This first exposure to research pushed him to attend graduate school at Cornell University's Weill Graduate School of Medical Sciences in New York City. There he worked at the Sloan Kettering Institute (an Institute within the Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center) with Immunologist Dr. Bo Dupont, and where he earned PhD degree in Immunology. He then gained post-doctoral experience at The Rockefeller University, working with renowned virologist and National Academy of Science member, Dr. Hidesaburo Hanafusa.
Tor Saglie (born 13 September 1949) is a Norwegian civil servant. He was educated at the University of Oslo, graduating in 1976 with a cand.polit. degree (political science). He was the director of the University of Oslo from 1991 to 2003 and permanent under-secretary of state (departementsråd) in the Ministry of Local Government and Regional Development from 2003 to 2006. When the Norwegian Labour and Welfare Service was established in 2006, Saglie was selected as director.
Andrew attended Radley College before going on to read Music and English at St John's College, Cambridge. He was a choral scholar and sang in the College Choir under George Guest. He subsequently studied composition with Paul Patterson at the Royal Academy of Music and completed his PhD at Goldsmiths College, University of London. He teaches harmony and counterpoint for the University of Oxford.
Kate Bohner (born April 14, 1967, in Wilmington, Delaware) is an American journalist and writer. Bohner's father was an English literature professor which led her to spend some of her early years living in Europe. She attended the Wilmington Friends School, graduating after her Junior year.
As a child Manfred Siebald learned to play several musical instruments, including the violin, the viola and the piano. Along with his studies at the University of Marburg he took instruction in harmonisation and singing. As early as 1970 he was conducting the Youth for Christ Choir and singing in the Christ Singers. He also brought out his first single - ``Meinst du wirklich, es genügt?'' - at that time. In 1972 he published his first solo album, entitled Da steh ich nun. Siebald gained an international following with his performances at Eurofest '75, the international youth conference and evangelistic crusade which was organized by the Billy Graham organisation in Brussels. Siebald has often been compared with the singer-songwriter Reinhard Mey for his style, and sometimes with Graham Kendrick for his influence on Christian music in his country.
John Benson was born in Newport, Rhode Island. He began working for his father, John Howard Benson, at the age of fifteen at The John Stevens Shop. He studied sculpture at Rhode Island School of Design. In 1964, Benson and John Hegnauer were commissioned to design and carve the inscriptions on the John F. Kennedy memorial at Arlington National Cemetery. In Rhode Island, Benson carved a number of inscriptions at the University of Rhode Island's Robert L. Carothers Library and Learning Commons.
Martin Speight (born October 24, 1967) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a wicket-keeper. He was educated at Hurstpierpoint College and St Chad's College, Durham University. He played for Sussex, Wellington and Durham in first-class cricket, before joining Northumberland and capping off a 17-year career.
Herrick Chapman is a prominent historian of France. Since 1992, he has been employed at New York University as an Associate Professor of History and French Studies in the Department of History and Institute of French Studies. Professor Chapman was educated at the University of California, Berkeley and Princeton University.
Mike Phillips is a British writer of Guyanese descent. He was born in Georgetown, Guyana and came to Britain in 1956 as a child. He graduated from the University of Essex.
Walker Blaine was born in Augusta, Maine on May 8, 1855, the son of James G. Blaine and Harriet (Stanwood) Blaine. In 1876, he graduated from Yale College, where he was a member of Skull and Bones. He then attended Columbia Law School, receiving a law degree.
Bullard was born in Athens, Greece, but brought up in Oxford (one of his brothers being the diplomat Sir Giles Bullard). He was educated at the Dragon School in Oxford and then Rugby School, where he won a scholarship to Magdalen College, Oxford University. His father, Sir Reader Bullard, formerly Ambassador in Iran, encouraged him to enter the Foreign Service, and he came first in the competitive examination. However he had first to complete two years national service. While at the Rifle Brigade barracks in Winchester he was awarded a fellowship at All Souls College at Oxford. Later, he was promoted to Lieutenant and stationed in Germany.
Michael James Nelson has performed standup comedy at The Comedy Store in Los Angeles as well as The Comedy Cellar in New York City and many other comedy clubs. Nelson has been featured on the website of Funny Or Die nine times and has appeared in their exclusive sketches with Matthew Morrison, Don Cheadle, Ray Ramano, Cedric the Entertainer, George Lopez, Joe Mantegna, Chace Crawford, Rebecca Mader, Haley Joel Osment, Cheech Marin, Oliver Hudson, Larenz Tate and many more. Nelson has studied improvisational comedy at The Groundlings and is currently studying and performing improvisational comedy at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theater in Hollywood. Nelson is currently performing standup comedy and writing for various television programs.
Juozas Rimas graduated from the Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theatre in 1965, and completed his post-graduate studies at the Saint Petersburg Conservatory in 1969. He began performing as a soloist in 1961, and has been one of the most active Lithuanian soloists since then. Rimas' performances have frequently been featured on Lithuanian National Radio. He has participated in a number of international festivals, performing in the genres of classical music, jazz, and Lithuanian folk music, as well as premiering about 50 pieces written for the oboe by Georgian, Uzbek, and Russian composers.
Born at 43 Anglesea Road, Ipswich in 1916, Smith attended his first football match at Portman Road as a seven-year-old boy in 1924 when he saw Ipswich Town play the ``Aquaries'', a club representing the Metropolitan Water Board in the Southern Amateur Football League. He became a season ticket holder later that year. His family moved round the corner to Warrington Road and he attended the nearby Ipswich School, which was a boys grammar school at the time. He joined the Royal Air Force at the outbreak of World War II and served for the duration of the war before returning to Ipswich to establish a car showroom and workshops on Felixstowe Road. The business flourished and Smith's gregarious nature and commitment to customer care also served him well as chairman of Ipswich Chamber of Trade and as a member of Suffolk Chamber of Commerce. He drew wry amusement when strangers mistook him for the London motor dealer Harold Smith who lost an oft-cited court case in 1965 for misrepresenting the mileage on a car (Bentley (Dick) Productions Ltd v Harold Smith (Motors) Ltd 1965 2 All ER 65).
Sabrina Aloueche trained at Sylvia Young Theatre School, then went on to further her training at Mountview Academy of Theatre Arts.
Abercromby was the third son of General Sir Ralph Abercromby, who fell at the Battle of Alexandria, and Mary, 1st Baroness Abercromby, daughter of John Menzies of Fernton, Perthshire. He was the younger brother of George Abercromby, 2nd Baron Abercromby and Sir John Abercromby and the elder brother of Alexander Abercromby. He attended the Royal High School, Edinburgh, and was called to the English Bar, Lincoln's Inn, in 1801. He became a commissioner of bankruptcy and later appointed steward of the Duke of Devonshire's estates.
David Yates was born in St Helens, Merseyside, England on 30 November 1963. His parents died when he was young. Raised in the village of Rainhill, Yates was inspired to pursue a career in filmmaking after watching Steven Spielberg's 1975 movie Jaws. Before her death, Yates' mother bought him a Super 8mm camera. He used this to shoot various films and videos in which his friends and family featured. One such video, The Ghost Ship, was shot on board the vessel where his uncle worked as a cook. He attended St Helens College where he completed the courses of sociology, political studies and literature before moving on to the University of Essex and Georgetown University in Washington, D.C. (1984--1987).
Husted was born into a political family in Peekskill, New York, the son of James W. Husted (1833--1892) and his wife. His father was then a member of the New York State Assembly, and several times in later years was elected Speaker of the Assembly. The junior Husted attended private schools, the Peekskill Military Academy, and Cutler's School, New York City. He was graduated from Phillips Academy, Andover, Massachusetts. He graduated in 1888 from Yale University in 1892, where he was a member of Skull and Bones, and in 1894 from the New York Law School.
Born in Oakland, California, Don Barksdale attended nearby Berkeley High School, where the basketball coach cut him from the team for three-straight years because he wanted no more than one black player.
Dorson Boyce (born June 25, 1988 in New York City, New York) is an American football fullback for the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League. He was signed by the Seahawks as an undrafted free agent in 2011. He played college football at the University of Washington.
Norman married Sarah Mae Finch on 27 April 1982 in Santa Barbara, California. Sarah was the sister-in-law of Stephen J. Cannell and had previously been married to Randy Stonehill from 1975--1980. They first met at the Los Angeles First Congregational Church's Cedar Lake Camp at Big Bear, California in 1969, and later dated when she was still a high school student at the Marlborough School in Los Angeles.
Sen'Derrick Marks (born February 23, 1987 in Mobile, Alabama) is a defensive tackle for the Tennessee Titans. He was drafted by the Titans in the second round of the 2009 NFL Draft. He played college football at Auburn University. He played high school football at Vigor High School in Prichard, Alabama.
He was born in Sighişoara to Ion and Viorica Mitrea and, after living in Făgăraş and Braşov, moved to Bucharest, where he completed secondary studies at the city's Dr. Petru Groza High School. Following army service in Medgidia, he studied Trasportation at the Politehnica University of Bucharest, specialising in road vehicles and graduating in 1981. From 1982 to 1983 he worked at a heavy machine factory in Constanţa, and then until 1989 he held a similar position in Bucharest, where he was a director on his factory floor.
Born in Wheeling, West Virginia, Thomas Wharton received a master's degree in music at the University of West Virginia before moving to New York City. He then studied art and design at The Art Student's League, the School of Visual Arts, the New York Studio School, and Parsons. His paintings have won The Georgie Read Barton Award from the Hudson Valley Art Association, The Katlin Seascape Award and the Windsor Newton Award from the Salmagundi Club.
Mary O'Rourke attended King's College London 1977--1980, graduating with an LL.B 1st Class Honours. She attended Inns of Court School of Law 1980--1981 and was called to the Bar that year. From 1981 to 1982 she attended the College of Europe (Johan Willem Beyen promotion) in Bruges, Belgium, graduating with a master's degree (Certificat de Hautes Études Européennes) in European law. She was called to the Bar in Northern Ireland in 2003. She was awarded the Professional Discipline Junior of the Year Award at the Chambers & Partners Bar Awards in 2008.
Patrick Ball (Born June 26, 1965) is a scientist, technologist, computer programmer, and an important figure in the global human rights movement. According to the New York Times Magazine, he is ``one of the most admired figures in the field.'' He leads the Human Rights Program at Benetech, the Silicon Valley nonprofit tech company. He is best known for his work with truth and reconciliation commissions, and for being the lead-off expert witness in testimony at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia against Slobodan Milosevic, the former President of Serbia. He was also an expert witness for the Prosecution at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in Milutinović et al. (IT-05-87). Ball received his B.A. degree from Columbia University, and his Ph.D. from the University of Michigan.
William Wetmore Story was the son of jurist Joseph Story and Sarah Waldo (Wetmore) Story. He graduated at Harvard College in 1838 and at the Harvard Law School in 1840, continued his law studies under his father, was admitted to the Massachusetts bar, and prepared two legal treatises of value -- Treatise on the Law of Contracts not under Seal (2 vols., 1844) and Treatise on the Law of Sales of Personal Property (1847). Abandoning the law, he devoted himself to sculpture, and after 1850 lived in Rome, whither he had first gone in 1848, and where he was intimate with the Brownings and with Walter Savage Landor. In 1856, he received a commission for a bust of his late father, which resides in the Memorial Hall/Lowell Hall. Story's apartment, in Palazzo Barberini, became a central location for Americans in Rome. One of his most famous works, Cleopatra, (1858) was described and admired in Nathaniel Hawthorne's romance, The Marble Faun, and is on display at the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts in Richmond, Virginia. Another work, the Angel of Grief, has been replicated near the Stanford Mausoleum at Stanford University.
Stephen Alan McAlpine (born May 23, 1949) was the seventh Lieutenant Governor of Alaska from 1982 to 1990. Stephen McAlpine was born in Yakima, Washington, the fourth child of Robert E. and Myrtle B. (Loomis) McAlpine. He attended school in Yakima, but two years at Maryknoll Seminary in Mt. View, California. He attended the University of Washington, graduating with a degree in History and Political Science. He graduated from the University of Puget Sound School of Law in 1976.
Turner attended Deerfield Academy from 1995--1999 and Pomona College from 1999-2003. Jasper Turner is currently a calculus and geometry teacher working at Berkshire School. He resides in an upper wing apartment in deWindt Dormitory.
Nichols' wrestlers also won 38 individual NCAA championships, 91 individual Big Eight Conference championships and seven Olympic medals. At the 1972 Summer Olympics, two of his wrestlers, Dan Gable and Ben Peterson won gold medals. A third, Chris Taylor, won a bronze medal. Nichols' pupil Dan Gable went on to coach wrestling at the University of Iowa for 21 years. Nichols retired in 1985.
Brereton was born in Sydney, the fifth son of John Le Gay Brereton (1827-1886), a well-known Sydney physician who published five volumes of verse between 1857 and 1887, and his wife Mary, née Tongue. His parents had travelled on the Dover Castle from England, arriving in Melbourne on 25 July 1859 and then moved to Sydney. The younger Brereton was educated at Sydney Grammar School from 1881 and the University of Sydney where he graduated B.A. (1894), reading English under Professor Sir Mungo MacCallum. He was edit of Hermes, the student magazine and became the chief librarian there in 1915.
On July 24, 1818, Samuel Ringgold graduated 5th in a class of 23 from the United States Military Academy at West Point. He was commissioned a Second Lieutenant in the Artillery.
A poet, literary commentator and journalist, Faramarz Soleimani was born in Sari, Iran, at Caspian Sea and surrounded by lush jungles. Faramarz graduated from Tehran University of Medical Sciences and he has received expertise education in medical science in the USA.
Giovanni Cobolli Gigli (born 4 January 1945 in Albese con Cassano) is the former president of Juventus Football Club. He has a business degree from Bocconi University. After starting out working in marketing for a multinational pharmaceutical company, in 1973 he joined Turin company IFI S.p.A.
Dr Arthur Stanley Roe was a medical doctor from Queensland, Australia, and the first Rhodes Scholar from that state when he was awarded the scholarship in 1904 at Brisbane Grammar School. He attended Balliol College at Oxford.
Albert Houthuesen (3 October 1903 -- 20 October 1979) was a Dutch-born British artist. He was born in Amsterdam, but came to London in 1912, following the death of his father. During the 1920s, he studied at the Royal College of Art with Henry Moore, Barbara Hepworth, Edward Burra, Ceri Richards and Cecil Collins. His work was significantly influenced by Rembrandt, Constable, Turner and van Gogh.
Once out of jail, Mathis began working at McDonalds, a job he had to maintain or violate probation and go back to jail. A close family friend helped Mathis get admitted to Eastern Michigan University, and he discovered a new interest in politics and public administration. He became a campus activist and worked for the Democratic Party, organizing several demonstrations against South African Apartheid policies. He graduated with a B.S. Public Administration from the Ypsilanti campus and began to seek employment in Detroit's City Hall. He also became a member of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity. Mathis met his eventual wife, Linda, a fellow EMU student, shortly after his mother's passing. They would go on to have four children together, a daughter Jade, born May 1985, daughter Camara, born October 1987, son Greg Jr. born January 1989 and son Amir, born July 1990.
A Nebraska native, Block attended the University of Idaho in the late 1940s, where he played college football under head coach Dixie Howell. He played as a fullback from 1948 to 1950, and was named to the All-Coast football team. Block was selected in the 21st round of the 1951 NFL Draft by the Detroit Lions.
Calvocoressi was born in Calcutta, the only child of Matthew John Calvocoressi (1873--1939). His father was descended from a Greek family from Chios; two uncles married into the Ralli family. He was a director of the Indian branch of Greek merchant business, Ralli Brothers. His mother, Agnes Hermione Melville, was of Anglo-Scottish ancestry and was the granddaughter of Michael Linning Melville. His parents moved to London in 1922. He was educated at Eton College and read Modern Languages at Magdalen College, Oxford
Lance Blanks (born September 9, 1966, in Del Rio, Texas) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Detroit Pistons in the first round (26th overall) of the 1990 NBA Draft. A guard, Blanks played for the Pistons and Minnesota Timberwolves in 3 NBA seasons, averaging 2.0 ppg. He played collegiately at the University of Virginia and the University of Texas at Austin. Blanks and teammates Travis Mays and Joey Wright were known as the ``BMW Scoring Machine'' during the 1989-90 basketball season. That Longhorn team finished second in the Southwest Conference and advanced to the Elite Eight in the 1990 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament.
Born at 1 Upper Woburn Place, London, in 1904, Dorothea Elizabeth Irving usually went by her middle name of Elizabeth. She was educated at home, at South Hampstead High School and, when the family moved to Oxford in 1916, at Oxford High School, before moving to Wycombe Abbey School. Irving left school at 16 to study acting in Oxford and London, making her stage debut aged 12 in The Bells, in which her father had a leading role. Her early roles as an adult actress were as Titania in A Midsummer Night's Dream, in Henrik Ibsen's The Pretenders and in George du Maurier's Trilby. She also had a role in A. V. Bramble's silent film version of Charlotte Bronte's Shirley (1922).
Anne Panning grew up in Arlington, Minnesota and attended Augsburg College. She graduated in 1988 with a degree in English and then joined the Peace Corps. She served in the Philippines and then returned to the United States to study for her MFA in Creative Writing at Bowling Green State University in Ohio, where she graduated in 1993. She earned her PhD from University of Hawaii at Manoa in 1997.
Ken Rosato (Born May 4, 1967 in New Rochelle, New York) is an American journalist. He attended Regis High School in New York City and then went on to get a bachelor's degree of TV and communication at New York University. Following his undergraduate studies, he received a master's degree in the foreign languages of Spanish and Italian. Rosato is the anchor of WABC-TV's morning and noon newscasts alongside Lori Stokes. Rosato replaced Steve Bartelstein, who was dropped from WABC-TV on March 13, 2007. http://www.nydailynews.com/entertainment/tv/2007/06/08/2007-06-08_rosato_stokes_ch7_viewers.html Rosato was previously a freelance reporter for the station.
Born in Chicago, Illinois, Crispin Freeman is the oldest of three children; he has a younger brother; actor, producer, director, and musician Clark Freeman, and a sister; actress and musician Cassidy Freeman. All three siblings attended the Latin School of Chicago, where he graduated in 1990. He earned his Bachelor of Arts degree from Williams College, majoring in Theater and minoring in Computer Science. Afterward, he earned his Master of Fine Arts degree from Columbia University in Acting, and performed on Broadway (New York City), at the American Repertory Theater in (Cambridge), at the Mark Taper Forum in (Los Angeles), at Cincinnati's Playhouse in the Park, and at the Williamstown Theater Festival.
Lai received a B.Sc. in electrical engineering in 1982 and an M.Sc. in mathematics in 1984 at Xidian University (then known as Northwest Institute of Telecommunication Engineering). About 1982 he met James Massey, who was visiting the university to give lectures in cryptography. Lai served as interpreter for these lectures. He later became one of Massey's doctoral students at ETH Zurich, where he received his Ph.D. in 1992. Together they designed the IDEA cipher.
For the agriculturalist, see William Ormston Backhouse. William Backhouse (1593 -- 1662) was a renowned English Rosicrucian philosopher, alchemist, and astrologer. He was born on 17 January 1593 at Swallowfield Park, some 5 miles south of Reading in the county of Berkshire, a younger son of Samuel Backhouse. He entered Christ Church, Oxford, in 1610, but left the university without taking a degree.
Judd Matheny was born on April 9, 1970. He received a Bachelor of Science in Criminal Justice and Political Science from the University of the State of New York. He has been the Chairman of the Coffee County Republican Party. He is an Eight Year Veteran of the U.S. Army and Tennessee Army National Guard.
A native of Eugene, Oregon, Alex Brink attended Sheldon High School, and becoming a letterman in football, basketball and baseball. In football, as a senior, he led his team to the state championship, with a 31-24 win over Lake Oswego. During that season he passed for 3946 yards and 36 touchdowns, while being named Oregon Player of the Year. He passed for over 3500 yards in his junior season as well. His record as a high school starter was 35-3, with one state championship. In baseball, he was a standout player and threw a perfect game. He graduated from Sheldon High in 2003 with a 3.91 GPA.
Anne N. Foreman was educated at the University of Southern California, receiving a B.A. in History and French, and an M.A. in History. She also later obtained a J.D. from the Washington College of Law.
John Parkinson was educated at University College London, and studied medicine at the University of Freiburg and the London Hospital, qualifying in 1907. He received his M.D. in 1910, and worked as an assistant to Sir James Mackenzie at the London Hospital.
Anson was the second son of Thomas Anson, 1st Viscount Anson, and his wife Anne Margaret, daughter of Thomas Coke, 1st Earl of Leicester of Holkham Hall, Norfolk. Thomas Anson, 1st Earl of Lichfield was his elder brother. He was educated at Eton College.
Roger T. Hughes, Q.C., obtained his LL.B. at the University of Toronto in 1966 and is called to the Bar in both Ontario and Alberta. Prior to his appointment to the Federal Court of Canada in June 2005, Justice Hughes practiced law in Toronto as an Associate and Partner at Sim, Hughes, Ashton & McKay and Sim & McBurney. He also did a brief stint at Bennett Jones LLP where he represented Monsanto in Monsanto v. Schmeiser. He served as past President of the Patent and Trademark Institute of Canada and Director of the Advocates' Society, and authors a variety of intellectual property treatises.
Several awards have been granted to Mark Wheat in recognition of his talents. Most recently, he won the City Pages readers' poll for ``Best AM Radio Personality'' in the 2004 Best of the Twin Cities awards. The Fall, a punk rock group from Manchester, is his all-time favorite musical group. He's also a fan of Manchester United football club. He attended the University of Leeds while members of The Gang of Four were seniors and during the time The Mekons formed. David Gedge of The Wedding Present was also entered the university at the same time, although Wheat didn't meet him until an interview years later.
Josh Schwartz and Chris Fedak wrote the script for the first episode which was initially given a put pilot commitment by NBC before a pilot order was green lit by the network in January 2007. Schwartz and Fedak both attended the University of Southern California and the latter pitched the idea to Schwartz who agreed to develop the project with him. Joseph McGinty Nichol, Schwartz's fellow executive producer on The O.C., directed the first hour of the series and consequently became an executive producer via his production company, Wonderland Sound and Vision. Fedak, Peter Johnson, Scott Rosenbaum, Matthew Miller and Allison Adler also serve as co-executive producers. NBC gave the series an early pick-up and a thirteen-episode order on May 10, 2007. On November 26, 2007, TV Guide reported that NBC had picked up the series for a full, 22 episode season.
Chuck was conceived by Josh Schwartz and Chris Fedak. NBC initially gave the series a put pilot commitment before green lighting a pilot order in January 2007. Schwartz and Fedak both attended the University of Southern California and the latter pitched the idea to Schwartz who agreed to develop the project with him. The hour-long, high-concept action-comedy, described in press releases as being ``in the vein of Grosse Pointe Blank'', would revolve around a man who downloads the entire CIA and NSA databases into his head. Schwartz signed a three-year, seven-figure overall deal with Warner Bros. Television to write and executive produce the series with Fedak.
Dina Melicov (1905--1969) was an American sculptor, and painter who studied at The Educational Alliance Art School. She graduated from Wadleigh High School for Girls, and studied with Solon Borglum. She married Samuel Gould.
David Beers is a Canadian journalist. He was born in 1957 and grew up in San Jose, California, where his father worked for Lockheed as a satellite test engineer. He attended Santa Clara University in Santa Clara, California. He was the former editor of Mother Jones Magazine. He is a faculty member in the School of Journalism at the University of British Columbia..
Shahryar Rashed (Urdu: شہریار راشد) (1948 -- 1998) was a Pakistani English language poet. He was the son of the 'father of modern Urdu poetry,' Noon Meem Rashid. Rashed attended Aitchison College, Lahore; Karachi Grammar School; and the United Nations International School in New York. After attending Drew University, Shahryar returned to Pakistan to complete his masters in English from Punjab University. He joined the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1971. His diplomatic postings took him to Europe, West Africa, Tokyo and Bombay. At the time of his death in 1998, he was ambassador to Uzbekistan.
Marilyn Ivy is an associate professor of anthropology at Columbia University. She received a Ph.D. in anthropology from Cornell University, an M.A. in history from the University of Hawaii, and a B.A. in Asian studies from the University of Oklahoma. Prior to teaching at Columbia, Ivy taught at the University of Chicago and the University of Washington.
Manning was born as Jack Wilson Marks Cincinnati, Ohio, on June 3, 1916. He developed an interest in acting while he was a student at the University of Cincinnati, where he earned his bachelor's degree in economics in 1938. During his college years, Manning appeared in students musicals and plays, as well as on WLW radio. He changed his professional name to Jack Manning early in his acting career, after he was advised that ``Jack Marks'' was too short to appear on a theater marquee or sign.
Born Alexander Zwaap in Amsterdam (the Netherlands) as the only child of Wolf Zwaap, a school-teacher, and his wife Sara Olivier, Lex van Delden took piano-lessons from an early age - first from Martha Zwaga and later from the celebrated pianist, Cor de Groot. He started composing at the age of eleven, when he set poems by Guido Gezelle to music since a long illness prevented him from playing the piano. He remained self-taught as a composer. Despite his artistic promise and interests (by the age of fourteen, for instance, he was accompanying the famous German Expressionist dancer/choreographer, Gertrud Leistikow, and he also moved in the circle of one of Holland's foremost composers of the time, Sem Dresden) he enrolled at the University of Amsterdam in 1938 to study medicine.
Melissa Forman grew up in Northbrook where she attended Glenbrook North High School. She went on to graduate college from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. In 2008 Melissa received a Distinguished Alumnus Award from Glenbrook North where she was recognized for her leadership as an outstanding radio broadcaster and for her contribution to the community. She has been one of only a few women to lead a morning radio show and the first woman in the country to simultaneously host both a show in the morning and in the afternoon drive. She has also helped raise over $500,000 for local charities.
Karl Friedrich Canstatt (July 11, 1807, Regensburg--March 10, 1850, Erlangen) was a German physician and medical author. He was one of the pioneers of the modern school of medicine in Germany, and numbered Professor Rudolf Virchow among his pupils. Canstatt studied at the University of Vienna and later under Schönlein at Würzburg, where in 1831 he obtained his doctor's degree. A year later he went to Paris to study Asiatic cholera, then epidemic in the French capital. His monograph on this disease, published the same year, attracted the attention of the Belgian government, which commissioned him to plan a cholera hospital.
Matthews also supported Barack Obama for President in 2008, both in the primaries and in the general election. On April 6, 2008, he and Tim Reynolds played a concert titled ``Change Rocks'' at Indiana University to encourage students to register to vote. The tickets were distributed by the Obama campaign. Questions regarding his citizenship were answered by advertisements and videos on YouTube, where he says he is a ``real American'' and a ``real Virginian,'' stating that ``real Virginians get out and vote.'' Even though he was recently bereaved by the loss of band co-founder and saxophonist, LeRoi Moore on August 19, 2008, he and Tim Reynolds played for DNC delegates on Sunday, August 24 at Red Rocks, and again with Reynolds at the Virginia Commonwealth University, on October 26, 2008, among other places. Matthews has often supported environmental initiatives, such as biofuel availability and the fight against global climate change. On September 21, 2009, Matthews stated that some of President Barack Obama's harsher critics were motivated by his race, and stated that he ``sees it racism everywhere'' in the United States.
David Brevik is a video game developer and possibly best known as a co-founder of Blizzard North (back then under the name Condor), the highly successful video game company behind titles such as the Diablo series. He was educated at California State University, Chico during 1986 to 1991. Following his position as Lead Technical Director at Iguana Entertainment, he left to form Condor / Blizzard North during September 1993 to 2003, holding a position as president on the company. He resigned and co-founded Flagship Studios (in 2003) as well as Ping0 (in 2006), a sister company to Flagship Studios. After the company dissolved it was announced that he was appointed new creative director for Turbine and its new West coast studio. In 2009, David Brevik began at Gazillion Entertainment in San Mateo, CA working in the Gargantuan Studio. In 2011 Gargantuan became Secret Identity Studios and David Brevik was named President and COO of Gazillion Entertainment.
Mark Tully was born on 24th October 1935 in Calcutta; his father was a British businessman who was a partner in one of the leading managing agencies of the British Raj. He spent the first decade of his childhood in India, although without being allowed to socialise with Indian people, before going to England for schooling. He was educated at Twyford School, Marlborough College and at Trinity Hall, Cambridge, where he studied Theology. After Cambridge, he intended becoming a priest in the Church of England but abandoned the vocation after just two terms at Lincoln Theological College, admitting later that he had doubts about ``trusting his sexuality to behave as a Christian priest''.
Richard T. Kennedy was born in Rochester, New York on December 24, 1919. He was educated at the University of Rochester, receiving a B.A. in economics in 1941.
Born on July 26, 1989, Brandon is a contemporary dancer from Miami, FL. He began dancing ballet at age 10. Brandon is a graduate of Coral Reef Senior High School and now attends Miami Dade College. Brandon Bryant's most memorable dance experience prior to being on SYTYCD was performing for Madonna at her daughter's birthday party.
Ryan Senft was the drummer and percussionist for the Alan Davis Band. The band was active from 2001 through 2003. He was also a busy session player at Duke University and in The Triangle of Raleigh-Durham-Chapel Hill and performed with two other prominent Raleigh-Durham-Chapel Hill bands, Velvet and The Fog.
Frank Elmore Ross (April 2, 1874 -- September 21, 1960) was an American astronomer and physicist. He was born in San Francisco, California and died in Altadena, California. In 1901 he received his doctorate from the University of California. In 1905 he became director of the International Latitude Observatory station at Gaithersburg, Maryland. In 1915 he became a physicist for Eastman Kodak Company at Rochester, New York. He accepted a position at the Yerkes Observatory in 1924 and worked there until his retirement in 1939.
Dr Vernon Mendis was educated at Prince of Wales' College, Moratuwa. and the Royal College Colombo. He then pursued further studies at the University of Ceylon, where he studied history gaining a Bachelor of Arts ( Second Upper Honours in History). His classmate at Royal College Colombo was Hon. Justice Christopher Weeramantry who became the Vice President of the International Court of Justice. He would later gain a Master of Philosophy from School of Oriental and African Studies of the University of London.
He was born in New York City, New York. After graduating from Hampshire College (1976) in Amherst, MassachusettsAmherst, Massachusetts, he received a Masters of Fine Arts from Pratt Institute (1978). Steven Siegel's early interest in geology was stimulated after reading Basin and Range by John McPhee. The question of deep time was something he needed to explore. Sponsored by the New York Foundation for the Arts, in 1983 he visited the same places where Dr. James Hutton, a medical doctor turned geologist, made his discoveries in Scotland. The geologic processes that were at work in the present were the same processes at work in the distant past. The rock formations in Scotland were the result of these processes at work over millions of years. The experience had resonated with him and is reflected in his artwork.
Hurles Scales is a former defensive back in the National Football League. He played at the University of North Texas and was drafted in the fourteenth round of the 1973 NFL Draft by the Cincinnati Bengals but would later split the 1974 NFL season between the St. Louis Cardinals and the Chicago Bears. The following season he would play with the Green Bay Packers.
The Youssefs came to America in 1977, and in 1978 Michael Youssef received a master's degree in theology at Fuller Theological Seminary in California. He additionally holds a PhD from Emory University in Social Anthropology. Youssef worked for nearly 10 years with the Haggai Institute, traveling around the world, teaching courses in evangelism and church leadership to church leaders, eventually rising to the position of managing director at the age of 31. Youssef became a U.S. citizen in 1984, fulfilling a dream he had held for many years.
Chalermek Intanagonwiwat is a computer scientist best known for his work on directed diffusion under the supervision of Deborah Estrin, Ramesh Govindan, and John Heidemann. He earned his Bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering from King Mongkut's Institute of Technology Ladkrabang in Thailand and pursued his M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in Computer Science at the University of Southern California, USA. He worked as postdoc researcher at Rutgers University, USA. His research interests include computer networks and distributed systems (particularly, large-scale wireless networks of distributed embedded systems, sensor networks, ad hoc networks, cooperative computing, mobile computing, pervasive computing, and ubiquitous computing. He currently teaches in Department of Computer Engineering, Chulalongkorn University.
Andrew Penny is a conductor born in Hull. He graduated from the Royal Northern College of Music following clarinet studies with Sydney Fell. As a postgraduate he was the first holder of the Rothschild Scholarship in Conducting, studying with Sir Charles Groves and Timothy Reynish. He worked with Sir Edward Downes in Holland and later at the BBC Conductors' Seminar in 1985.
Jim Spainhower was born in Stanberry, Missouri, the youngest of fourteen children. He attended in elementary school in Stanberry, and attended Maryville High School in Maryville, Missouri, graduating in 1946. Following graduation from high school, he attended Phillips University in Enid, Oklahoma, earning a bachelor's degree in history in 1950. Three years later, in 1953, he earned a bachelor's degree in divinity from Lexington Theological Seminary. On June 10, 1950, he married the former Joanne Steanson of Ponca City, Oklahoma. The couple has two children. Prior to entering politics, he worked as an ordained Disciples of Christ minister, serving pastorates in Fayetteville, Arkansas, Marshall, Missouri, Bosworth, Missouri, Mendon, Missouri, Grand Pass, Missouri and Oakland, Missouri. He received his Master's Degree from Phillips University and his PhD in Political Science from the University of Missouri, as well as numerous honorary doctorates from colleges and universities throughout the country. Jim's brother John Spainhower, a long-time coach and athletic director at Kirksville High School is a member of the Missouri Football Coaches Association Hall of Fame.
While in the U.S. Senate, Obama had a number of awards and honors bestowed on him by various groups. An October 2005 article in the British journal New Statesman listed Obama as one of 10 people who could change the world, the only politician included on the list. In 2005 and again in 2007, Time magazine named him one of the world's most influential people. During his first three years in the U.S. Senate, Obama received Honorary Doctorates of Law from Knox College (2005), University of Massachusetts Boston (2006), Northwestern University (2006), Xavier University of Louisiana (2006), Southern New Hampshire University (2007), Howard University (2007), and Wesleyan University (2008). The audiobook edition of Dreams from My Father earned Obama the Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album in 2006. He won the award a second time in 2008 for the spoken word edition of The Audacity of Hope. A school in Obama's father's hometown, which the senator visited on his 2006 Kenya trip, was renamed the Senator Barack Obama Primary School.
Juozas Rimas graduated from the Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theatre in 1965, and completed his post-graduate studies at the Saint Petersburg Conservatory in 1969. He began performing as a soloist in 1961, and has been one of the most active Lithuanian soloists since then. Rimas' performances have frequently been featured on Lithuanian National Radio. He has participated in a number of international festivals, performing in the genres of classical music, jazz, and Lithuanian folk music, as well as premiering about 50 pieces written for the oboe by Georgian, Uzbek, and Russian composers.
Marecic moved with his family around the United States following his father's career as an IT executive. After New Jersey and Boston, where he played Pop Warner for the Westford/Littleton Lions, the Marecics moved to the Los Angeles area, where Owen played quarterback for a Pop Warner football team in Agoura Hills coached by former NFL player Clay Matthews. One of his Pop Warner teammates was the coach's son, current Philadelphia Eagles linebacker Casey Matthews. The Marecics moved to Tigard, Oregon when Owen was a sophomore in high school where he enrolled at Jesuit High School. Marecic played fullback and linebacker for Jesuit, helping the team to Oregon state football titles his junior and senior years.
William Shirley Fulton, (November 23, 1880 - November 20, 1964), an archeologist and founder of the Amerind Foundation was born in Waterbury, Connecticut. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Yale University in 1903.
Ashburnham was the eldest son of George Ashburnham, 3rd Earl of Ashburnham, and Sophia, daughter of Thomas Thynne, 1st Marquess of Bath. He gained the courtesy title Viscount St Asaph when his father succeeded in the earldom in 1812. He was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge, graduating MA in 1805.
He was born on 30 May 1797 at Westport, Ireland, where his father held a curacy, the only son of Walter Shirley, by his wife Alicia, daughter of Sir Edward Newenham. His grandfather was Walter Shirley. At the age of nine Shirley was placed under the care of the Rev. Legh Richmond; but was soon moved to a school at Linton in Essex. He became a scholar of Winchester College in 1809, and six years later was elected to a scholarship at New College, Oxford, where he became a Fellow in 1818.
Wexo has trained with Stella Adler, Ellen Burstyn and Kim Stanley. He also attended the American Academy of Dramatic Arts. Wexo wrote, produced, directed and starred in his own series of short films. ``The Wexo-One Act's'' is the first in a series of film's Alex Wexo is producing and directing.
Wannarat Channukul studied Medicine at the Chulalongkorn University, graduating with an M.D., and Law at the Sukhothai Thammathirat Open University, graduating with an LL.B. He continued his education at the University of Hawaii, receiving a Master of Public Health degree. Subsequently, he worked as a doctor at the Maharaj Nakhon Ratchasima Hospital.
Lee Parsons Gagliardi (b. July 17, 1918, Larchmont, NY, d. October 30, 1998, in Manchester, VT) was a federal judge for the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. Judge Gagliardi received an A.B. from Williams College in 1941 and an LL.B. from Columbia Law School in 1947. He was nominated to the court by Richard M. Nixon on December 2, 1971, to a new seat created by 84 Stat. 294, confirmed by the United States Senate on December 11, 1971, and received his commission on December 15, 1971. He assumed senior status on July 17, 1985. His service terminated on October 30, 1998, due to death.
William A. Eaton was born in Winchester, Virginia ca. 1956. He was educated at the University of Virginia, receiving a B.A. in international relations in 1978. After college, he joined the United States Army, serving mainly in South Korea.
Mare attended Cooper City High School (Cooper City, Florida), and was a student and letterman in football and soccer. Olindo Mare graduated from Cooper City High School in 1991. Olindo played at MacMurray College in Jacksonville, Illinois and finished his college career for the Syracuse Orange.
Gareth Russell is a British author, best known for writing the novel Popular. Born in Belfast, Northern Ireland, he attended Down High Grammar School from the age of eleven to eighteen. He later studied Modern History at the University of Oxford, attending St. Peter's College from 2005 to 2008. After that, he completed a postgraduate degree in medieval history at Queen's University, Belfast.
Jay Kochi (1927-2008) was a physical organic chemist whose research examined the interactions of electron donors and acceptors. He received his B. S. at the University of California in 1949 and his Ph.D. at Iowa State University, 1952. For most of his career, he was located at Indiana University and then at the University of Houston, where he was Welch Professor.
Born in New York City, he attended Cornell University in Ithaca, New York, where he was active in the Cornell University Glee Club and the Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity. He studied under Clinton Rossiter, a Cornell faculty member who was an authority on The Federalist. After graduating from Cornell in 1950, he served in the United States Air Force during the Korean War. In 1956, he earned a Ph.D. in politics at Princeton University. While in New Jersey, he worked in politics as a researcher for the New Jersey Legislature and an aide to Senator H. Alexander Smith.
Mildmay was the son of Francis Bingham Mildmay, 1st Baron Mildmay of Flete and his wife Alice Grenfell. He was educated at St Cyprian's School, Eastbourne where he was encouraged to ride on the South Downs. He then went to Eton and Trinity College, Cambridge. He was a Captain in the Welsh Guards and fought in World War II. He succeeded to the title of 2nd Baron Mildmay of Flete on 8 February 1947.
Robert K. Gray (born September 2, 1922, in Hastings, Nebraska) earned a B.A. from Carleton College in 1943.
Ernie Chambers is a lifetime Omaha resident. He is a graduate of Omaha Central High School and Creighton University School of Law although he is not a member of the bar and does not practice law.
James Bamford is an expert on the highly secretive National Security Agency. His recent book, The Shadow Factory: The Ultra-Secret NSA From 9/11 to The Eavesdropping on America, on which NOVA's ``The Spy Factory'' was based became a New York Times best-seller and was named by The Washington Post as one of ``The Best Books of 2008.'' It is third in a trilogy by Bamford on the NSA, following The Puzzle Palace (1982) and Body of Secrets (2002), also a New York Times bestseller. Bamford has also taught at the University of California, Berkeley as a distinguished visiting professor and has written for the New York Times Magazine, the Atlantic, Harpers, and many other publications. In 2006, he won the National Magazine Award for Reporting for his piece ``The Man Who Sold The War,'' published in Rolling Stone. A native of Massachusetts, Bamford served as an intelligence analyst for the U.S. Navy during the Vietnam War, and he later used the GI Bill to earn his law degree from Suffolk University Law School in Boston. His first book, The Puzzle Palace (1982), was the first book published about the National Security Agency (NSA). The book was researched through extensive use of the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). As a super-secret agency, NSA was quite concerned about their unveiling to the world and accordingly, the government reclassified certain documents in an effort to stop publication. He published Body of Secrets (also about the NSA, 2001), and A Pretext for War (2004). Bamford lectures nationally and was a distinguished visiting professor at the University of California, Berkeley. He also spent nearly a decade as the Washington Investigative Producer for ABC's World News Tonight. In 2006, he received the National Magazine Award for Reporting, the top prize in magazine writing. Most recently, he published his new book The Shadow Factory, once again about the NSA, but about its involvement in the 9/11 investigations and intelligence failures. The PBS show ``The Spy Factory'' was based on this book.
Beau Parry is a former American football linebacker for the University of North Carolina Tar Heels from 1992-1996. Parry participated in the Peach Bowl, Gator Bowl and Sun Bowl during these years. He played high school football at Cincinnati Country Day School where he was All City, All State, All Region and All American as well as runner-up for Mr. Football Ohio in 1992. Parry lives and works in Cincinnati, Ohio. Beau Parry is a licensed Rescue Diver with PADI. Beau also hold a Real Estate license for the State of Ohio. Beau Parry works for Towne Properties, a real estate conglomerate, in Cincinnati, where he is partner in a subsidiary company, TowneScapes, ( www.townescapes.net ), an asphalt paving, repair and maintenance company, as well as high end customized stamped concrete products and large-lot commercial snow removal.
In January 1967, he married Lisbeth Bamberger, a graduate of the University of California, Berkeley.
Randy Jackson was born in Lake City, Florida in 1944, and he attended Lake City High School.
Haki R. Madhubuti (born Don Luther Lee on February 23, 1942 in Little Rock, Arkansas, United States) is a renowned African-American author, educator, and poet. He received a Master of Fine Arts degree from the Iowa Writers' Workshop at the University of Iowa, and served in the U.S. Army from 1960 to 1963.
While working at the Department of Energy, he was chair of the Department of Energy National Security Working Group. He also served as an advisor to the U.S.-Canada Task Force investigating the 2003 blackout. Prior joining the Department of Energy, he spent over ten years serving as a member of United States Senate staff in the offices of Senators Spencer Abraham and Connie Mack III. He is a graduate of the University of Michigan.
The magazine 'Carcanet' had fallen on hard times by October 1967 when Michael Schmidt, a newly arrived undergraduate at Wadham College, Oxford, took it over. Times got harder still. In 1969 as a swansong the magazine produced a few pamphlets: poetry by new writers from Britain, India and the United States, and a book of translations. The reviews were encouraging. In 1970-1971 Carcanet Press became Ltd. The swansong continues, the bird having upped sticks and left Matthew Arnold's (and Robert Graves's) South Hinksey, Oxford, for Thomas de Quincey's Manchester.
Arnold Berleant (1932) is an American scholar and author who is active both in philosophy and music. Arnold Berleant was born in Buffalo, New York. He received his advanced musical education at the Eastman School of Music and his doctorate in philosophy at the State University of New York at Buffalo. He is Professor of Philosophy (Emeritus) at Long Island University, former Secretary-General and Past President of the International Association of Aesthetics, and former Secretary-Treasurer of the American Society for Aesthetics. His books and articles in philosophy focus on aesthetics, environmental aesthetics, and ethics. Arnold Berleant is the founding editor of Contemporary Aesthetics, an international on-line journal of contemporary aesthetic theory, research, and application.
Loran Ellis Baker (September 21, 1905 in Yarmouth, Nova Scotia, Canada -- May 9, 1991) was a Canadian politician. He attended Bishop's College School and McGill University where he was a member of The Kappa Alpha Society. Baker was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the election of 1945 as a Member of the Liberal Party in the riding of Shelburne-- Yarmouth-- Clare. He also served as Parliamentary Assistant to the Minister of National Defence, near the end of his federal political career. Prior to his federal political experience, he served in the military as a major for the Royal Canadian Artillery in Europe. He was also a councillor for Yarmouth, Nova Scotia between 1934 and 1937.
Ken Watters is an American jazz trumpeter residing in Atlanta, Georgia. He is the brother of noted jazz trombonist, Harry Watters. Ken is a member of several noted performing groups, including Tabou Combo, http://taboucombo.com, Natalie Cole Band, http://nataliecole.com, the Magic City Jazz Orchestra, Ray Reach and Friends and the W. C. Handy Jazz All-Stars. He attended the University of North Texas, where he participated in the famed Lab Band program and studied trumpet with internationally renowned teacher Leonard Candelaria. Later, Ken pursued further trumpet studies in New York City with Lew Soloff and Wynton Marsalis.
Timothy Manning was born in Ballingeary, Ireland, to Cornelius and Margaret (née Cronin) Manning. Originally attending Mungret College in Limerick, he followed a call for priests in the United States and entered St. Patrick Seminary in Menlo Park, California, in 1928. Manning was ordained on June 16, 1934, and then furthered his studies at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome, obtaining his doctorate in canon law in 1938.
John de Menil was born Jean Marie Joseph Menu de Menil in Paris, France. He was the son of Baron Georges Auguste and Marie- Madeleine Rougier Menu de Menil. He was born into a Catholic military family with a title bestowed by Napoleon. In the 1920s, he earned a degree in political science from Sciences Po (Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris) and a degree in law from the Faculté de droit de l’Université de Paris.
David M. Gilbert, PhD is J. Herbert Taylor Distinguished Professor of Molecular Biology in the Department of Biological Sciences at Florida State University. Dr. Gilbert's work focuses on the mechanisms regulating DNA replication during the cell cycle and the relationship between replication timing and structural and functional organization of chromosomes, most recently during differentiation in human and mouse embryonic stem cells. Dr. Gilbert received his BA degrees in Biochemistry/Cell Biology and Philosophy from the University of California at San Diego and his PhD in Genetics from Stanford University. He did two post-doctoral training periods, first as an EMBO Fellow with Pierre Chambon in Strasbourg, France studying transcriptional control and second as a Roche Fellow with Melvin DePamphilis studying replication origin recognition. He joined the faculty at State University of New York (SUNY) Upstate Medical University in 1994 and was appointed Full Professor in 2003. In 2006, he moved to Florida State University for his current Endowed Chair position and was elected as a Fellow and then Council Delegate of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) in 2008 and 2010, respectively. Dr. Gilbert's awards include the American Cancer Society Junior Faculty Research Award (2000), the SUNY President's Young Investigator Award (2002) and the NIH Career Enhancement Award for Stem Cell Research (2004). He has served on American Cancer Society (1996-2004) and NIH study sections (1997-present) and is an editorial member of the Epigenetics Society and is on the editorial board of the Journal of Cell Biology.
Dame Bernice Lake, QC, (? - Septemnber 10, 2011) was an Anguillan-born jurist and legal scholar whose career spanned more than forty years. In 1985, she became the first woman from the Eastern Caribbean to be appointed Queen's Counsel. Lake was also the first graduate of the University of the West Indies to receive the honor.
Born in British India on 27 May 1880, Hugh Elles was the younger son of Lt Gen Sir Edmond Elles. He was educated at Clifton College, and the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich, after which he was commissioned into the Royal Engineers in June 1899. He served in South Africa during the latter part of the Second Boer War and then undertook regimental duty in Aldershot. In 1913 he attended the Army Staff College at Camberley.
Saket Agarwal is the CEO of Spice Digital(previously Cellebrum Technologies Limited). He is an alumnus of the Birla Institute of Technology and Science (BITS), Pilani. Saket holds a Bachelor of Engineering (BE) Honors degree, and a Master of Science (MSc) Honors degree in Physics from BITS.
The son of a London architect and property developer, Charles Joseph Corbett, who owned among other properties Imber Court at Weston Green, Thames Ditton, where he made the family home, Julian Corbett was educated at Marlborough College (1869--73) and at Trinity College, Cambridge (1873--6), where he took a first class honours degree in law. Corbett became a Barrister at Middle Temple in 1877 and practised until 1882 when he turned to writing as a career. Fascinated by the Elizabethan period, he first wrote historical novels on this period. He became a correspondent for the Pall Mall Gazette, and reported on the Dongola Expedition in 1896. Corbett came to naval history in mid-life and from a civilian background. He was a man of independent means who traveled extensively.
Speaker of the House Dennis Hastert attended Traughber Junior High School before moving on to attend Oswego High School.
Laurence was born in Paterson, New Jersey. Child of Holocaust survivors, he was brought up and educated in London, England. He attended the Byam Shaw School of Art from 1965 to 1968, where he received the London Certificate in Art and Design and studied with Bridget Riley and Bill Jacklin. From 1968-1969 he studied graphic design under Tom Eckersley at the London College of Printing and then Saint Martins School of Art from 1969 to 1972 where he studied painting under Frederick Gore and received his BA. In 1992, he moved to New York and attended the New York Academy of Art where he studied with Eric Fischl, Wade Schuman and Vincent Desiderio and received his MFA Cum Laude in 1995. He is the recipient of grants from The George Sugarman Foundation, the Robert Rauschenberg Foundation, the Walter Erlebacher Award and a J. Epstein Travel Award. His paintings have been exhibited across the USA and in Europe including the Las Vegas Art Museum, Yeshiva University Museum and the Arnot Art Museum.
Leonid Mandelstam was born in Mahilyow, Russian Empire (now Belarus). He studied at the Novorossiysk University in Odessa, but was expelled in 1899 due to political activities, and continued his studies at the University of Strasbourg. He remained in Strasbourg until 1914, and returned with the beginning of World War I. He was awarded the Stalin Prize in 1942. Mandelstam died in Moscow, USSR (now Russia).
Lady Violet Powell (13 March 1912 -- 12 January 2002), born Violet Georgiana Pakenham, third daughter of Thomas Pakenham, 5th Earl of Longford and Lady Mary Julia Child Villiers (daughter of Victor Child-Villiers, 7th Earl of Jersey), was a writer and critic. She was educated at St Margaret's School, Bushey.
Terdell Sands (born October 31, 1979 in Chattanooga, Tennessee) is an American football defensive tackle who is currently a free agent. He was drafted by the Kansas City Chiefs in the seventh round of the 2001 NFL Draft. He played college football at the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga.
According to contemporary George Lott, a player and later tennis coach at DePaul University, and authoritative biographer Frank Deford, Tilden never made advances to players, whether other adults or his pupils. Art Anderson of Burbank, who took lessons from Tilden from the age of eleven and remained a lifelong loyal friend, reported nothing of Tilden's sexual advances ``Bill had all the rumors floating around about his sexuality,'' Jack Kramer said. Question remain if Tilden's prosecution was based on the rumors, many published, and heterosexual biases of the time. California did not repeal its sodomy law until 1976. Because he lived in an era when homosexual sex was illegal and was not tolerated socially, some suspect that Tilden was a victim of the homophobic society of the era. More shocking than Tilden's being caught was the revelation that ``sports and homosexuality were not mutually exclusive''.
Camillo Rapetti attended the School of Decorative and Figural Art at the Brera Academy in Milan where he made his debut by winning the Fumagalli Prize with a portrait commissioned by Vittore Grubicy. He travelled to Rome, Paris and London developing the techniques of oil painting, watercolour and engraving. He received important commissions for decorative work in Milan where he frescoed civic buildings like the Teatro Eden and religious edifices like the church of the Ospedale Maggiore, he also executed some portraits of benefactors for the same institution. He showed genre scenes at the Turin Quadriennale in 1902 and at the Mostra Nazionale di Belle Arti di Milano in 1906. In 1926 he participated in the first exhibition of Milanese artists organized by the Famiglia Meneghina.
Hatley was educated at Bearwood College, Berkshire and trained in Theatre Design at Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design in London from 1986 to 1989. He has designed for Theatre de Complicite, the Royal Shakespeare Company, the Royal National Theatre, the West End, and Broadway. He has done the costumes and/or scenic design for seven Broadway productions, both musicals and dramas, starting with Stanley in 1997 through Shrek the Musical in 2008. For Shrek he also designed the puppets. The Variety Seattle review noted: ``Set and costume designer Tim Hatley (''Monty Python's Spamalot``) has created a wonderland of swamps, forests and castles populated by colorful fairy-tale creatures and puppets great and small.''
Hamilton Hartridge was educated at Harrow and King's College, Cambridge, where he became a fellow from 1912 to 1926. He graduated in medicine from St George's Hospital in 1914, serving during the war as an experimental officer at RNAS Kingsnorth. In 1916 he married Kathleen Wilson. After the war he stayed in Cambridge University as lecturer in special senses and senior demonstrator in physiology. He gained a reputation as an ingenious experimenter, as well as working to revise established medical textbooks. From 1927 to 1947 he was professor of physiology at St Bartholomew's Hospital, and from 1947 to 1951 director of the vision research unit of the Medical Research Council.
He received an MBA from George Washington University and a B.A. from Holy Cross. Pedro Heilbron is also a Member of the Board of Governors of IATA and an Alternate Member of the Board of Directors of Banco Continental de Panama.
Ballu Khan was born in Nalomolomo on Nairai Island in 1959. His father died in the Kadavulevu ship disaster when he was 4. http://www.teivovo.com/news/200312/22_balu_khan.html. He graduated with a Masters Degree in Commerce from the University of the South Pacific. http://www.fijitimes.com/story.aspx?ref=archive&id=57704. He became a school teacher and taught at Vunisea and Laucala Beach Secondary School. He then trained as a chartered accountant and became an investigator for New Zealand's Inland Revenue Department.
Andy Comerford was born in London, England in 1972. He spent the first seven years of his life in London before moving to Kilkenny in Ireland. While in London Comerford never saw a game of hurling and his first introduction to the game was when his father made a make-shift hurley for him out of a floorboard. In Kilkenny Comerford played hurling with his brothers Jimmy and Martin on the local O'Loughlin Gaels club. He was educated at St. Kieran's College, a famed hurling nursery. His hurling skills quickly earned him a place on the senior team and he won back-to-back All-Ireland colleges titles in 1989 and 1990. Comerford later attended Waterford Institute of Technology where he won a Fitzgibbon Cup medal with the college hurling team in 1992. Shortly after his graduation from college, Comerford moved to London.
Valerio graduated from Rhode Island College in 1980 and began his career as producer of PM Magazine in Providence, Rhode Island at WJAR-TV. Valerio has since worked as a writer/ director/ producer & creative executive at companies including NBC, CBS, ABC, Warner Bros, Fox, Disney, Telepictures, and ABC Family. Mike Valerio passed away due to heart failure on March 17, 2010.
Roman Indrzejczyk was born in Żychlin. In 1951 he graduated at the Lyceum of Adam Mickiewicz in Żychlin. Indrzejczyk was ordained to the priesthood on 8 December 1956 by Bishop Stefan Wyszyński. First he was the vicar in Drwalew and Grodzisk Mazowiecki, then in St. Alexander's Church in Warsaw, St. Mary's Church in Warsaw New Town and Church of Our Lady of Loreto in Warsaw. From 1964-1986 he was the rector of St. Edward's Church in Pruszków and priest of the Hospital in Tworki. From 1986 to 2004 he was the rector of Infant Jesus Church in Żoliborz, district of Warsaw. He was a teacher at the National Music School in Warsaw. In the years 1961-1976 and 1989-1994, chaplain of the health service. From December 22, 2005 until his death he was a Roman Catholic Chaplain of the Polish President, Lech Kaczyński.
Dr. Shah Mahmoud Hanifi is an Assistant Professor of History at James Madison University in Harrisonburg, Virginia. Dr. Hanifi received the degree of Bachelor of Arts from the University of Wisconsin-- Madison. He subsequently attended the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor.
W. Wallace Smith was born in Lamoni, Iowa on November 18, 1900 to Joseph Smith III and his third wife Ada R. Clark. Smith graduated from the University of Missouri in 1924. He entered the ministry of the RLDS Church in 1928 and was ordained an apostle and joined the Council of Twelve Apostles on April 7, 1947, after the honorable release of John W. Rushton. On April 2, 1950, Smith was called as counselor to Israel A. Smith, his half brother, in the First Presidency, and was replaced in the Quorum of the Twelve by Donald O. Chesworth. Smith died in Independence, Missouri on August 4, 1989.
Macdonald was born in Kingston, Ontario to John A. Macdonald and his first wife Isabella Clark Macdonald ((1811 -- 1857). After Isabella died leaving Macdonald a widower with a seven-year-old son, Hugh John Macdonald would be principally raised by his paternal aunt and her husband. In 1869 he received a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Toronto and then studied law in Toronto and Ottawa. He was called to the Bar in 1872, and became a member of his father's firm. Grieved by the death of his first wife, Macdonald moved to Winnipeg in 1882 and set up his own law practice.
Pedro Lasch is a visual artist born in Mexico City, and based in the U.S. since 1994. He produces works of conceptual art, institutional critique, social practice, and site-specific art, as well as paintings, photographs, prints, and works in traditional media. He has been regularly involved with the New York art and politics collective 16 Beaver Group since 2000. He studied art at the Cooper Union with Dore Ashton, Hans Haacke, Day Gleeson, and Doug Ashford (Group Material), among others, and later completed an MFA in Fine Arts at Goldsmiths, University of London.
He received his early education under the School Sisters of Notre Dame at the parochial school of St. Mary's Church. After attending Marquette Academy for two years, he entered St. Francis Seminary. In 1922, he was sent by Archbishop Sebastian Gebhard Messmer to continue his studies at the Pontifical North American College in Rome.
William Henry Trescot (November 10, 1822 -- May 4, 1898) was an American diplomatist born in Charleston, South Carolina, on the November 10, 1822. He graduated at College of Charleston in 1840, studied law at Harvard University, and was admitted to the bar in 1843.
Kevin Dowling was raised in Gladwyne, Pennsylvania, a suburb of Philadelphia, the son of Dr. John J. Dowling, who in the late 1980s was chief of orthopedic surgery at the Lankenau Hospital in Overbrook, Pennsylvania, and a professor of orthopedic surgery at Thomas Jefferson University; and Lynn Dowling. He attended Oberlin College, in Ohio, and New York University, in New York City, New York. On May 9, 1987, Dowling married Marley Klaus, at the time an associate producer of the CBS News television program 60 Minutes.
Anurag Mathur (अनुराग माथुर) is an Indian author and journalist mainly known for his 1991 novel The Inscrutable Americans. He did his schooling from the Scindia School, (Gwalior, India). He received his bachelors degree from St. Stephen's College, Delhi, and his masters degree from the University of Tulsa.
Ilhama Gasimova was born in the village of Bala Şürük and raised in Lankaran, where she graduated from school. She later obtained a degree in philology from Lankaran State University and worked as an Azeri teacher for two years. In the late 1990s, she moved to Baku to defend a Master's dissertation, but problems of adaptation and financial difficulties forced her to abandon her plan and find an office job to make a living. Despite being musically gifted and citing singing as a childhood hobby, Ilhama Gasimova had not chosen to pursue a career in show business partly due to her parents opposing this choice.
Dave Mikes is a former news anchor at WFTS-TV. He joined their news team as a morning and noon anchor in 1997. Before joining WFTS, he worked at WOWK-TV, WVVA-TV and WHIZ-TV. He graduated from The Ohio State University with a BA in Journalism.
Reggie Rolle (born June 4, 1976) is an American actor who portrayed Damon Henderson, the Green Lost Galaxy Ranger, in . He attended Apple Valley High School in Minnesota. He graduated in the same class as actress Maria Thayer.
Vasily Rodchev (1768--1803) was a Russian painter. The son of a carpenter, he was active primarily as a history painter, although at least one portrait by him is known. He studied at the Academy in Saint Petersburg, taking lessons from one P. Sokolov; in 1800 he received the title of Academician. In 1803, not long before his death, he was made a professor at the Academy.
Olof B. Widlund, born 1938, is a Swedish-American mathematician. He is well known for his leading role in and fundamental contributions to domain decomposition methods. He received his Ph.D. at Uppsala University in 1966 and is professor of Computer Science at the Courant Institute of the New York University.
Novak was born in Split on November 3, 1924, the son of father Duje and mother Marija (née Smoje). He was baptized in the local church as Ante Slobodan Novak. He finished elementary school in Rab, attended gymnasium in Split, then graduated in Sušak. During World War II he joined the Yugoslav Partisans, and he later described those days ironically in his autobiographical essays Digresije and Protimbe (2003). He then attended the University of Zagreb and earned a degree in Croatian language and Yugoslav literature in 1953. He worked as lector and concealer and playwright in Crotian National Theatre in Split. Later he worked as a journalist and editor in publishing houses. In 1983 he became a member of the Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts. On July 27, 1999 Slobodan Novak was declared Honorary Citizen of Rab.
Odette Joyeux (5 December 1914 -- 26 August 2000) was a French actress, playwright and novelist. She was born in Paris, where she studied dance at the Paris Opera Ballet before taking the stage. Joyeux started her film career in 1931. Her first notable film was Marc Allegret's Entrée des artistes (1938). During the 1940s she established herself as one of France's most popular cinema actresses but made few film appearances after the 1950s.
John Donne the Younger was the son of the poet John Donne, born about May 1604. He was educated at Westminster School and then elected a student at Christ Church, Oxford, in 1622. He appears to have taken the degrees of B.A. and M.A. in the usual course, but was notorious for his dissipated habits. At the time of his father's death he was in England, and he managed to get possession of all the books and papers which had been bequeathed to Dr John King, and to retain them in his own hands during his life.
Octavio Beras Rojas was born in Seibo, as the eldest of the three children of Octavio Beras Zorrilla and Teresa Rojas Santana. He received his first Communion from Archbishop Adolfo Alejandro Nouel, and studied at the Seminary of St. Thomas Aquinas, in Santo Domingo from 1923 to 1926. He was then sent to Rome, where he studied at the Pontifical Gregorian University whilst residing at the Pontifical Collegio Pio Latino Americano.
Andrew C. Greenberg (born 1957) co-created Wizardry with Robert Woodhead, which was one of the first role-playing video games for a personal computer. He was also involved with the production of the game Q-Bert and several of the later Wizardry games in the 1980s. He is a graduate of Cornell University, where he did his first work on role-playing video games. He also is a proficient tuba player.
Leslie P. Peirce is a professor in history. Her research interests include early modern history of the Ottoman Empire, gender, law, and society. She received her B.A. in History from Harvard College, her M.A. in Middle Eastern Studies from Harvard University, and her Ph.D. (1988) in Near Eastern Studies from Princeton University. In 1988-1998 she was with the Cornell University. In 1998-2006 she was professor in the Departments of History and Near Eastern Studies the University of California, Berkeley. Since 2006 she is with Department of History and the Department of Middle Eastern and Islamic Studies of the New York University, where she is the Silver Professor of History. She was honored with the 2006 Daughters of Atatürk ``Woman of Distinction Award'', a title bestowed annually upon selected women who have ``demonstrated vision, leadership, innovation and professionalism'' in ``giving their talents to the international Turkish community''. Other 2006 honorees include Güler Sabancı, Caroline Finkel, Anastasia Ashman, and Jennifer Eaton Gokmen.
Bill Bowers is an American mime artist and actor based in New York City. As an actor, mime and educator, Bill has performed throughout the United States, Canada, and Europe. He is an Adjunct Instructor instructor at the Steinhardt School of Culture, Education, and Human Development.
Bruce Shelley was born in Michigan, U.S. and grew up in Baltimore. He attended Syracuse University and the State University of New York's College of Forestry, earning a degree in forest biology. Shelley continued his education at the University of Virginia. He had developed a fondness for strategy board games in school, playing Risk and Stratego.
Annie Dodge Wauneka (April 11, 1910 -- November 10, 1997) was an influential member of the Navajo Nation as member of the Navajo Nation Council. As a member and three term head of the Council's Health and Welfare Committee, she worked to improve the health and education of the Navajo. She was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1963 by Lyndon B. Johnson as well as the Indian Council Fire Achievement Award and the Navajo Medal of Honor. She also received an honorary doctorate in Humanities from the University of New Mexico.
Bradford Graves (26 July 1939 - 16 April 1998) was a sculptor, musician, and teacher. Born in Dallas, Texas in 1939, Graves was graduated from Woodrow Wilson High School in 1957 and attended Texas A&M University. He went to New York in 1958 and received a BA and MA from Goddard College. With Manhattan as his base, he pursued an extraordinary range of interests.
Willis Stanley Blatchley (6 October 1859, North Madison, Connecticut - 28 May 1940, Indianapolis, Indiana) was an American entomologist, malacologist and geologist. In his biological work, Willis Blatchley made contributions to the study of Coleoptera, Orthoptera, Hemiptera, and the freshwater molluscs of Indiana. Though born in Connecticut, his parents moved to Indiana in 1860, the year after his birth. He attended high school in Bainbridge and enrolled at Indiana University in 1883, graduating with a B.A. in 1887 and an M.A. in 1891. There he worked under ichthyologist David Starr Jordan and geologist John Casper Branner. Blatchley received an honorary degree (LL.D.) from Indiana University in 1921. From 1887-1893 he taught at Terre Haute High School where he was Head of the Science Department from 1887-1893. From 1894-1910 he was State Geologist for Indiana. After being defeated for re-election in 1911, he retired from public office, but continued his natural history work as an amateur. Though much of his work focused on the fauna of Indiana, he traveled to Arkansas, Alaska, Florida, Canada, Mexico, and South America (1922-23).
Uemon Ikeda moved from Tokyo, Japan to Rome in Italy in the seventies. There he attended Venanzo Crocetti's lectures at the Academy the Fine Arts where he graduated in 1977. In the eighties he met Simonetta Lux, who invited him to participate in the collective exhibition named ``Simultaneity - New Directions Japanese Contemporary Art'' at Palazzo Braschi, Rome (1991), amongst others.
Julia Parker studied astrology at the Faculty of Astrological Studies in London. Later she became its secretary, and then its president for twelve years. She retains the role of patron. She has also acted as a trustee of the Urania Trust, a registered astrological charity.
Justice Raghuvendra Singh Rathore was born on July 1, 1953. He went to prestigious Mayo College Ajmer for his schooling and passed out in the year 1970. Justice Rathore graduated from Kirori Mal College, New Delhi. After finishing B.A. (Hons.) Justice Rathore enrolled himself for education in Law and completed LL.B. from University of Rajasthan, Jaipur in 1977.
Jasper Goodwill graduated from Minden High School, probably in 1906. When he entered the United States Army during World War I, he had no middle name. The Army required at least a middle initial if no middle name, and he was hence assigned a ``K'', which stood otherwise for nothing. He remained in the United States throughout the war. An older brother, Christopher Goodwill (1867--1901), was shot to death while making an arrest. Ralph Goodwill, another brother, was the co-owner of a clothing store in Minden known as Brown-Goodwill, which closed early in 1987.
Gregor Ehrlich is an award-winning San Francisco-based consultant, writer and graphic artist from New York City. Ehrlich attended Vassar College and has since worked as an illustrator, animator and writer for diverse projects. Ehrlich has worked as an animator for MTV, Oxygen and Showtime and has published three graphic novels. Ehrlich has also published several written pieces for New York, Interview and Guilt & Pleasure, in addition to co-authoring the 1999 book Move the Crowd, a narrative account of early Hip hop.
Wang Hui was born in Yangzhou, Jiangsu, in 1959. After finishing high school in Yangzhou, Wang Hui worked for two years as a factory worker before entering college. He completed his undergraduate studies at Yangzhou University (then Yangzhou Normal College), and then graduate studies at Nanjing University and the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences where he received his Ph.D. in 1988.
Philip Novak is a Sarlo Distinguished Professor of Philosophy and Religion at Dominican University in San Rafael, California. He received a bachelors degree in English at University of Notre Dame (1972), and MA and PhD degrees in Religion at Syracuse University (1981). He joined the faculty of Dominican University in 1980. Novak has been Dean of the School of Arts, Humanities & Social Sciences.
He was born in San Francisco, California, on June 20, 1900. His father was Rev. Theodore Pashkovsky (would become Most Reverend Metropolitan Theophilus from 1934--1950), a Russian Orthodox priest who had been sent to California by the Church in 1894. Because his father had been recalled to Russia, the entire family returned to Russia in 1912. Boris attended Seminary school and graduated in 1917. During the Russian Revolution, he served in the White movement navy. In 1920, he married Lydia Ivanov, and chose to return to the United States when the Bolshevik consolidation of power became apparent. He was able to secure employment with the YMCA in Berlin Germany where his son (Edgar Constantine Boris Pashkovsky; aka Edgar C.B. Pash) was born on June 14, 1921. Upon returning to the United States with his family, he attended Springfield College, in Springfield, Massachusetts, where he graduated with a B.A. in physical education. It was during this time that he changed the family name from Pashkovsky to Pash.
Clare Torry attended Battle Abbey School in East Sussex, where she found it hard to cope with the school's conservative and strict code, making it difficult for the teachers to support her singing and songwriting skills.
Promoted to the rank of Commander in 1907, Huse was commanding officer of the monitor and later of the supply ship . After his next promotion, to Captain late in 1909, he was Captain of the Yard at the Philadelphia Navy Yard, commanded the battleship and, in 1914-1915, was Chief of Staff to Rear Admiral Frank Friday Fletcher. He attended the Naval War College, graduating in 1915.
Ross Leckie attended the expensive private school Fettes College, where he gained his interest in classical literature. He later went to Oxford University where he studied Classics.
She was Writer-in-Residence at the Tulane University English Department Creative Writing Program during the Fall 2007 semester, She became the Lurie Distinguished Visiting Professor of Creative Writing (joining the ranks of Simon Winchester, Ishmael Reed, James D. Houston, Molly Giles, Ursula K. Le Guin, James Kelman, Al Young, Sandra M. Gilbert, and Carolyn Kizer) at San Jose State University during the Spring 2008 semester. She taught Creative Writing at the Michener Center for Writers at the University of Texas at Austin in Fall 2008 and was a Vassar Writer-in-Residence in spring 2009. In spring 2010, she was the Visiting Professor of Creative Writing in the MFA Program of Creative Writing at Texas State University and became a Hodder fellow at Princeton University in Fall 2010.
The son of Colonel the Hon. Sir Gordon Palmer, younger son of the 2nd Baron Palmer and Lorna Eveline Hope née Bailie. He was educated at Eton College, Berkshire, and at the University of Edinburgh, where he received a Certificate in Farming Practice in 1979.
Marilyn Bendell (September 19, 1921 - May 18, 2003) was an American impressionist painter who was born in Grand Ledge, Michigan. She was training to become a concert pianist, but at age 17, decided to pursue\ painting instead. She studied painting at the American Academy of Art in Chicago and privately with Arnold E. Turtle (1892--1954). She became an artist member of the Chicago Galleries Association, and was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society for the Encouragement of the Arts in 1965.
Daniela Benedini studied painting at Brera Academy of Milan, Italy where she graduated in 1994 with a study on ``The Trompe L'Oeil in the History of Art''.
Karan Gera is an award winning artist. He is one of the youngest ever to win the Lalit Kala Akademi award. Recently he completed a solo exhibition at the Indian Council for Cultural Relations. His recent exhibition Grand India has been critically acclaimed by veteran artist Satish Gujral and South African painter Marlene Dumas.
Val Ramos is a native of New York City (of Puerto Rican parents) and is considered to be one of the best Nuevo Flamenco guitarists in the United States. Val has toured the United States and Spain with his ensemble which includes his brother Jose Ramon Ramos. At the early age of 14, he studied Flamenco guitar with Spanish (Malaga) Flamenco master Adonis Puerta in New York City. In 1981, he graduated from Ezra Stiles College at Yale University. He made his professional debut in the Disney Channel in 1985 and has since released three independent albums under the PIRAM Records label.
He studied at the Faculty of Medical Sciences at the University of Buenos Aires, choosing cardiovascular medicine and physiology as his specialties. His doctoral thesis dealt with the relationship between the pituitary gland and diencephalon to blood pressure, and was developed at the Institute of Physiology under the supervision of Noble laureate Dr. Bernardo Houssay, in 1934. After receiving his doctoral degree, he went to England to study at the University College London, where he investigated the metabolism of the heart.
Carl Morris received his BS in statistics at California Institute of Technology in 1960, attended Indiana University 1960-1962, and received his PhD in statistics from Stanford University under advisor Charles Stein in 1966.
John Z. Lee received his Bachelor of Arts Degree from Harvard College in 1989. He received his Juris Doctorate from Harvard Law School in 1992. He first worked as a trial attorney in the Environmental and Natural Resources Division of the United States Department of Justice. He worked as an associate of Mayer Brown LLP from 1994 to 1996 and Grippo & Elden LLC from 1996 to 1999. He currently is a partner at Freeborn & Peters LLP. He handles complex federal civil litigation.
Walter T. Kelley was born in Sturgis, Michigan, in 1897. He interrupted his education to enlist in the Army Signal Corps (now the U.S. Air Force), 1918, but in a few months was released from service and returned to university. Kelley graduated from Michigan State University with a degree in apiculture in 1919. He worked for the USDA from graduation until 1924 when he started keeping bees full time in Houma, Louisiana.
George Augustus Auden was educated at Repton and at Christ's College, Cambridge, taking a first-class degree in natural sciences in 1893. He studied medicine at St Bartholomew's Hospital, London, and qualified in medicine in 1896. He then held several medical appointments in London before moving to York where he was physician at York County Hospital for fourteen years. His son W. H. Auden was born at 54 Bootham, York, in 1907, and in 1908 he moved to Birmingham, where he became the first School Medical Officer and Lecturer in Public Health at Birmingham University. Here he gained an international reputation as an innovative researcher and educator. During the First World War he served as a medical officer in the British Army in Egypt, Gallipoli, and France. He retired as School Medical Officer in 1937, but continued at the University and became Professor of Public Health in 1941.
Warren Carter (born April 23, 1985) is an American college basketball player. He played at the University of Illinois. For much of his early life and that of his brother's his mother was in prison. In an interview at a Champaign, Illinois middle school, he said that he got through these hard times with help from his neighbors. Carter graduated from Lake Highlands High School in Dallas, Texas, where he was a two time All-State honoree.
Bestor Robinson was the son of Edward Constant Robinson (originally from Oregon) and Sarah T. Merritt (daughter of James Bestor Merritt). He was born and raised in Oakland, CA at 552 Montclair Street. He attended the University of California, Berkeley (1914-1918) and went on to Harvard Law (1919-1921) where he received his JD. His father was a prominent attorney and later a Superior Court Judge of Alameda County. After Law school he joined his father's law firm. Bestor went on to marry Florence Breed, daughter of powerful Republican State Senator Arthur Hastings Breed of Piedmont, CA. They had four children Ned, Merritt, Warren and Caroline.
Edwin Bidwell Wilson (April 25, 1879 -- December 28, 1964) was an American mathematician and polymath. He was the sole protégé of Yale's physicist Josiah Willard Gibbs and was mentor to MIT economist Paul Samuelson. He received his AB from Harvard College in 1899 and his PhD from Yale University in 1901, working under Gibbs.
Rob Roberge was born in Bridgeport Connecticut. He studied writing at Emerson College and Vermont College where he received an MFA in the early 90's. Since 1995, he has lived in Southern California. He teaches creative writing at the UCR/Palm Desert MFA Program Antioch University Los Angeles, and the University of California Los Angeles Extension Writers`` Program
Robin Johnson (born May 24, 1964), is an American actress. Johnson grew up in Park Slope, Brooklyn, New York City. She graduated from Brooklyn Technical High School in 1982.
John N. Reeve, Ph.D., is Department chair of microbiology at Ohio State University. where he is Rod Sharp Professor of Microbiology. He is well known as the discoverer of archaea histones, small DNA-binding proteins which are the precursors of histones in eukaryotes. He received a bachelor's degree from the University of Birmingham, UK, and a Ph.D. in microbiology from the University of British Columbia, Canada.
He was born on 26 May 1878 at Epsom in Surrey, the youngest of the four children of the Wimbledon tennis champion, Spencer Gore and his wife Amy Margaret (nee Smith). His father's brother was the theologian Charles Gore. His father sent him to board at Harrow School in London. He went on to study painting in London at the Slade School of Fine Art, where he was a contemporary of Harold Gilman.
Suad Amiry () (born 1951) is an author and architect living in the West Bank city of Ramallah. She studied architecture at the American University of Beirut, the University of Michigan, and the University of Edinburgh, Scotland. Her parents went from Palestine to Amman, Jordan. She was brought up there and went to Lebanon's capital of Beirut to study architecture. When she returned to Ramallah as a tourist in 1981, she met Salim Tamari, whom she married later, and stayed.
Rex Black (born on July 16, 1964) is a software engineer, entrepreneur and an author in the field of software testing. Black graduated from the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA) in 1990 with a bachelors of science in computer science and engineering. In 1983, Black started work in the software engineering field and has spent more than 20 years in software testing.
John Paul Caponigro (born June 23, 1965 Boston) is an Environmental Fine Art Landscape Photographer. He is the son of the American photographer Paul Caponigro and Eleanor Caponigro a graphic designer. John Paul attended Yale University, and the University of California, Santa Cruz where he was trained as a painter and later as a photographer. After college John moved to Maine and became an artist in residence at The Center for Creative Imaging. John now works with photo-based digital imaging as his primary medium. Dan Steinhardt of Epson considers John Paul ``...one of the great mentors of the photographic medium''. The American photographer Joyce Tenneson has said, ``John Paul Caponigro is the rare combination of gifted artist and master technician. He works from the heart to create images that are poetic and evocative, and at times, mystical. He is someone whose sensitivity and intelligence work to break new ground, and someone I will enjoy watching in the years to come.'' . He has been awarded membership into many photographic organizations including the Photoshop Hall of Fame, the Epson Stylus Pros, Xrite Coloratti, and the Canon Explorers of Light. His work crosses the lines between photography and painting and displays knowledge of painterly composition and color theory, coupled with content of modern science, psychology, primal cultures, and the environment. The photographer Arnold Newman stated,``... Caponigro's mysterious and magical images go beyond reality or surrealism. He has created a wonderful new world of his own''. John Paul Caponigro lives in Cushing, Maine with his photographer wife Arduina, and their son.
George G. Weston was born in Britain and attended the independent Westminster School. He was educated at New College, Oxford where he gained an MA in PPE, and has an MBA from Harvard Business School.
Charlie Pecoraro was born into a family of noted performers and musicians. He is the son of jazz guitarist Charles P. Pecoraro, the nephew of Actor/Dancer/Choreographer Steven Peck, nephew of opera singer Anna Pecoraro, and grandson of classical Sicilian mandolinist/vaudevillian George Pecora. Pecoraro grew up in Fullerton, CA where he attended Troy High School. Prior to beginning his career in acting, he graduated from the USC School of Cinematic Arts. He resides in Hollywood, California.
The intention was for Hansteen to become a naval officer, but since his father died when Hansteen was young, this plan did not materialize. Instead, he attended Oslo Cathedral School from the age of nine. Niels Treschow was the principal of this school. Hansteen took the examen artium in 1802, and in 1803 he enrolled at the University of Copenhagen, where he originally studied law. He later took more interest in mathematics, estranged by the lack of universal validity of a country's laws compared to the mathematical laws. He had also been inspired by the lectures of Hans Christian Ørsted. He was hired as the tutor of a young noble, Niels Rosenkrantz von Holstein, who lived at Sorø. Here, he also met his future wife Johanne Cathrine Andrea Borch, a daughter of professor Caspar Abraham Borch. In 1806 he was hired as a mathematics teacher in the gymnasium of Frederiksborg.
In 1959, then County Solicitor Lacy Mahon Jr. hired Frost as a part-time prosecutor. After Edward M. Booth was elected County Solicitor, he retained Frost on the staff, as well as Ed Austin. Frost first became acquainted with Austin in 1951 at the University of Florida when the former was a student and the latter was a teacher. A few years later, Frost was a First Lieutenant at Fort Sill, Oklahoma when Austin attended Officer Candidate School. They also attended law school together.
H. Palmer Hall received his bachelor's degree in Speech and English from Lamar State College of Technology (now Lamar University) in 1964. For two years Hall taught high school in the Silsbee Independent School District, a rural district 22 miles from Beaumont on the edge of the area known as the Big Thicket. He resigned his teaching position in 1965 in order to pursue graduate studies. Before his student deferment took effect, however, Hall was drafted. After serving in the Vietnam War, he enrolled at the University of Texas at Austin, where he completed master's degrees in English and Librarianship in 1976 and his Ph.D. in English in 1984.
Teddy Diaz spent both grade school and high school in his father and grandfather's alma mater, Ateneo de Manila University. After graduating from high school, he enrolled at the University of the Philippines as an architecture student and stayed there for three years. He transferred to the Philippine Women's University after his third year in UP and took up music with guitar as his major.
Gémino Henson Abad is a poet and critic from Cebu, Philippines. His family moved to Manila when his father, Antonio Abad, was offered professorships at Far Eastern University and the University of the Philippines. He earned his B.A. English from the University of the Philippines in 1964 and Ph.D. in English literature from the University of Chicago in 1970. He served the University of the Philippines in various capacities: as Secretary of the University, Secretary of the Board of Regents, Vice President for Academic Affairs and Director of the U.P. Institute of Creative Writing. For many years, he also taught English, comparative literature and creative writing at U.P. Diliman.
Anand Mahindra was born into a well-known Punjabi khatri business family. He graduated magna cum laude from Harvard College, Cambridge, Massachusetts in 1977, where he was a member of the Phoenix S.K. Club. and completed his MBA from Harvard Business School, Boston, Massachusetts in 1981.According to October 26,2011 rankings of Forbes,his net worth is US $ 825 million and is ranked #68 in India's rich list.
Fabian Washington attended Bayshore High School in Bradenton, Florida and was a letterman in football, basketball, and track. In football, he was a four-year starter at cornerback, a two-year starter at wide receiver, and a backup quarterback. As a Senior, he posted four interceptions, 60 tackles, and fourteen pass deflections. He ran a 4.29 in the 40 yard dash as a Senior. As a Junior, he posted three interceptions, and twelve pass deflections. In track, he placed third at the Florida State Meet on the 100 meter dash as a Junior, despite running the fastest time in the preliminaries. Next year he was the District Champion on the 100 meter dash as a Senior.
Clifton McNeely (June 22, 1919--December 26, 2003) was an American basketball player and coach. McNeely graduated from Slidell High School in Slidell, Texas.
Trude Marstein (born April 18, 1973 in Tønsberg) is a Norwegian author. She attended Telemark University College and studied creative writing studies. At the University of Oslo she studied pedagogy, psychology, and the history of literature. She debuted in 1998 with a collection of prose titled Sterk sult, plutselig kvalme, for which she received Tarjei Vesaas' debutantpris.
Adem Yze (born 21 September 1977) is an Australian rules footballer of Albanian descent. He was educated at Galvin Park Secondary College in Werribee, Victoria. He has made the third highest number of appearances in the history of the Melbourne Football Club.
In 1847 he married Letitia George and had four children who survived infancy. Their eldest was Caroline Matilda Still (1848--1919), a pioneer female medical doctor. Caroline attended Oberlin College and the Women's Medical College of Philadelphia (much later the Medical College of Pennsylvania); she was married, first to Edward J. Wyley, and after his death, to the Reverend Matthew Anderson, longtime pastor of the Berean Presbyterian Church in North Philadelphia. She had an extensive private medical practice in Philadelphia and was also a community activist, teacher and leader. William Wilberforce Still (1854--1914) graduated from Lincoln University and subsequently practiced law in Philadelphia; Robert George Still (1861--1900), was a journalist who owned a print shop on Pine at 11th Street in central Philadelphia and Frances Ellen Still (1857--1930) became a kindergarten teacher (she was named after poet Frances Ellen Watkins Harper, who lived with the Stills before her marriage). On the 1900 U.S. Census William Still said he had two children and both were still living.
Nicholas Thatcher is Professor of Oncology at the University of Manchester, in the School of Cancer and Imaging Sciences at the Christie Hospital NHS Trust and Wythenshawe Hospital; he was appointed to the position of Professor in 1996. He received his PhD from Manchester University, after prior education at the University of Cambridge and St Bartholomew's Hospital Medical College, London
James Allen Graff (b. East Orange, NJ, 1937 - d. Toronto, ON, October 23, 2005) was a professor of philosophy at the University of Toronto. He earned a doctorate at Brown University. John Irving, then head of the Department of Ethics at Victoria College, hired him as a lecturer in 1963. When Francis Sparshott stepped down as chairman of that department in 1970, Jim was appointed to succeed him. He held the post until the Department of Ethics was abolished and its members absorbed into the Department of Philosophy in 1975. His priciniple interest in later years was the plight of the Palestinian people. He wrote and spoke widely and passionately on that topic. He retired from teaching in 2002.
Early Years - Born on February 28, 1946 in San Francisco, California, Steve Martini was raised until the age of ten in the Colma area of Daily City just south of San Francisco. He is part of a large extended Italian-American family, some of which reach back four generations in California. Martini's mother and father moved to Los Angeles County, California in 1956. His father, Ernest Martini, was a rancher, managing and owning farms throughout California during his lifetime. His mother, Rita, was a housewife and homemaker, though in later years she worked extensively in the local library in San Gabriel, California. Martini graduated from San Gabriel Mission Grammar School, San Gabriel High School and Pasadena City College before transferring to the University of California at Santa Cruz where he graduated in 1968 with a degree in Government (Political Science).
In 1990, Albert Nolan received an honorary doctorate from Regis College, Toronto, Canada.
Shannon Faulkner, born in Powdersville, South Carolina, United States, graduated from Wren High School in 1993, was the first female cadet to enter The Citadel. Faulkner enrolled after a successful lawsuit against the military academy. She joined an otherwise all-male class on August 15, 1995. After four hours of the military indoctrination training, she spent the remainder of the first week in the infirmary before voluntarily resigning, citing emotional and psychological abuse and physical exhaustion. After her departure, the male cadets openly celebrated on the campus.
Davis was born in Birmingham, Alabama. Her father, Frank Davis, was a graduate of St. Augustine's College, a traditionally black college in Raleigh, North Carolina, and was briefly a high school history teacher. Her father later owned and operated a service station in the black section of Birmingham. Her mother, Sallye Davis, a graduate of Miles College in Birmingham, was an elementary school teacher.
Ronan Quemener (born February 13, 1988) is a French ice hockey goaltender who played for France at the 2011 IIHF World Championship. He is currently playing in the French Ligue Magnus with Grenoble's Brûleurs de Loups.
Cameron Russell was born in Boston, and raised in Cambridge. Her mother is Robin Chase, founder of ZipCar. Russell displayed an interest in politics at an early age, and friends who had worked on the Clinton Presidential election campaign arranged a meeting on June 5, 1998 (when she was 10) with Bill Clinton after he delivered a speech at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. His advice to her was to stay in school, get to know as many different types of people as she could, and to understand their dreams and aspirations. She graduated from the Commonwealth School in 2005.
Pablo Kleinman is an Argentine-born American entrepreneur and journalist, pioneer of the development of online services in Latin America. He graduated from the University of Southern California School of International Relations (USC, Los Angeles) and went on to study at the London Business School and at the HEC School of Management in Paris, where he obtained an MBA.
David taught at the National College of Arts, Lahore in the 1970s.
Haidar Hadi was born in Baghdad. He attended Primary, Secondary and High School in Iraq. He attended the Suffolk University College in UK to obtain Higher National Diploma (HND) in Business & Finance and Nottingham Trent University where he gained a BA (Hons) in Business Administration in 1997. He joined the Iraqi Ministry of Foreign Affairs as Ambassador in October 2009.
Sir Alfred Brian Pippard, ScD, FRS (7 September 1920, Earl's Court, London -- 21 September 2008, Cambridge), was a British physicist. He was Cavendish Professor of Physics from 1971 until 1984 and an Honorary Fellow of Clare Hall, University of Cambridge, of which he was the first President. He was educated at Clifton College.
John Morrison was the first of two children born to Dr. and Mrs. Joseph Morrison, a socially prominent East Coast couple. During his freshman year in high school, he rebelled against his parents, until he became a Christian. He later attended Grove City College in Pennsylvania, where he met his future wife, Mary James. There, John Morrison studied to be a lawyer, and, after marrying Mary, the two moved back East for him to attend law school. Following law school, the couple moved to Coleraine, where John became a lawyer.
Barbara Woof was born in Sydney, Australia. She studied composition at the University of Sydney with Peter Sculthorpe and graduated in 1980 cum laude with a Bachelor of Music diploma. She received a scholarship in 1981 to study in The Netherlands, and then completed further studies in 1985 at the Royal Conservatory in The Hague with Peter Schat and Jan van Vlijmen. She also studied electronic composition with Jan Boerman and analog studio technology at the Institute of Sonology in Utrecht with Jaap Vink.
Raymond Chang is an emeritus professor at Williams College in the Department of Chemistry. His most used text is titled Chemistry and is currently in its tenth edition of publication. He has also published a few children's books. He received his B.Sc. from the University of London and Ph.D. from Yale University. Dr. Chang was born and raised in Hong Kong. He completed his postdoctoral research at Washington University in St. Louis and served as a professor at Hunter College of the City University of New York. He has taught at Williams College since 1968.
Roger M. Natsuhara was born in Stockton, California. He was educated at the University of California, Berkeley, receiving a B.S. in civil engineering.
Rafael Rey was born to engineering professor Ricardo Rey Polis and Elsa Rey Elmore. He started his education at the Jesuit college of Maristas San Isidro. From 1971 to 1979 Rey studied Industrial Engineering at the University of Piura, where his father was first Rector, and the Catholic University of Peru. From 1982 to 1990 he was CEO of Crowley Peru S.A.
Phil Austin (often credited as Philip; born April 6, 1941) is a comedian and writer. He was born in Denver, Colorado and later grew up in Fresno, California, attending Fresno High School. He attended Bowdoin College and UCLA, joining the staff of KPFK radio in Los Angeles in the late 1960s.
James Edward Bailey (1944 -- 9 May 2001), generally known as Jay Bailey, was a pioneer of biochemical engineering, particularly metabolic engineering. He was said to be ``the most influential biochemical engineer of modern times''. In a special issue of a journal dedicated to his work, the editor said ``Jay was one of biochemical engineering's most creative thinkers and spirited advocates, a true innovator who played an enormous role in establishing biochemical engineering as the dynamic discipline it is today''. He studied chemical engineering at Rice University receiving a BA in 1966 and PhD in 1969. He worked for Shell then taught chemical engineering at the University of Houston and at Caltech before becoming Professor of Biotechnology at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (ETH) in Zurich in 1992. He died of cancer 9 May 2001.
John Harris (born in Camden, South Carolina in 1949) is the author of , in which he chronicles the first thirty years of his life and his views on United States politics from the perspective of the descendants of slavery. He moved to Mount Vernon, New York in 1958. He graduated from Mount Vernon High School, then continued on to Central Connecticut State University where he earned a bachelors degree in Political Science. He later earned his M.S. in Organizational Behavior from the University of Hartford. He is the former president and CEO of Quality Time Video, Inc. He is an ``insurance underwriter turned social historian.''
Deborah Duchene (born July 3, 1962 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada) is a film, television, and stage actress. She grew up in the U.S. and Canada the daughter of a Baptist minister. She has appeared in film, stage and television with her most notable role being Janette in the Forever Knight series. She graduated from McGill University. One of her brothers serves in the U.S. Army. She has retired from acting, lives in Toronto, Canada, and currently attends the University of Toronto majoring in music to become a teacher.
Eliot Allen was born and raised in Portland, and attended the University of Oregon where he received a B.S. in Urban Planning in 1970. His early career included municipal planning positions in Oregon and Washington, and Peace Corps service in West Africa where he administered community development programs for UNICEF.
Panabaker followed her initial appearances in commercials with roles in television, including a part in the series, The Guardian (for which she won a Young Artist Award), as well as other television series including Malcolm in the Middle, , Medium, Summerland, and the Disney Channel Original Movie Stuck in the Suburbs. She has also appeared in the Lifetime Television productions Sex and the Single Mom and Mom at Sixteen, as well as the well-reviewed miniseries Empire Falls. In addition, Panabaker also appeared in stage productions with roles in musical theater, including West Side Story, Pippin, Once Upon A Time, and Beauty Lou and the Country Beast. In 2005, Panabaker co-starred in two widely released theatrical films, Sky High and Yours, Mine and Ours. Her next role was in the film Home of the Giants (2008), opposite Ryan Merriman and Haley Joel Osment. She also had a supporting role in the film Mr. Brooks opposite Kevin Costner. In the Disney Channel original movie Read It and Weep, she plays ``Is'', an alternate version of Jamie, who is played by her sister Kay. Panabaker was added to the cast of the CBS television drama pilot Shark, as ``Julie Stark'', the main character's daughter. She had a regular role in the series, which ran for two years. Although she sometimes only appeared in a scene or two an episode, and was absent from three episodes in the series run, she was second billed only to James Woods. Panabaker recently played Jenna, a main character of the much anticipated Friday the 13th reboot along with Jared Padalecki. Danielle attended Glendale Community College to study acting. Panabaker next starred in the Jennifer Tilly film Renaissance Girl, as well as the films The Crazies and The Ward. On October 23, 2011, Danielle Panabaker was confirmed in the TV series The Vampire Diaries, as Veronica, a witch turned into a vampire.
Jim Diamond started playing saxophone and classical guitar at 10 years old. By 13 years old he was playing bass guitar in a rock band called Inferno. Later in high school he also played guitar and sang in a band called The Neo Plastics. In 1983 Diamond graduated from Trenton High School, in Trenton, MI. In 1988 he went on to get a Telecommunications degree (with a minor in music) from Michigan State University. During his college years he sang and played guitar in the ``speed gold'' band, ``The Wayouts''. In 1995, after college, Diamond started working at Harvest Music and Sound Design in Lansing, MI. At Harvest Music Diamond worked on ``car commercials and Christian metal,'' he later remembered. He then moved to Austin, TX and started playing guitar and bass with such bands as the Beatosonics, Herman the German and Das Cowboy. Diamond returned to Detroit and started Ghetto Recorders in the fall of 1996. Diamond was also a longtime member of the popular Detroit band The Dirtbombs. Diamond wrote and performed the vocals on the tune ``I'm Through With White Girls.'' The song appears on the Dirtbombs studio album Dangerous Magical Noise and the compilation CD Sympathetic Sounds of Detroit, which was recorded by Jack White.
Nancy Laird Chance (born 19 March 1931) is an American pianist and composer. She studied at Bryn Mawr College from 1949--50 and Columbia University from 1959-67 with Vladimir Ussachevsky, Otto Luening and Chou Wen-chung.
Ahmar Mahboob was born in Karachi, Pakistan, and received his early training in English literature and linguistics from Karachi University. Ahmar earned his PhD at Indiana University, Bloomington, in 2003, with a dissertation on Status of nonnative English speakers as ESL teachers in the United States. Ahmar has worked in the areas of language policy development, pidgin and creole languages, NNEST studies, English language acquisition, English language teaching and teacher education, World Englishes, pragmatics, and issues surrounding minority languages in South Asia. His recent work has focused on Pakistani English and on languages of Pakistan. Ahmar is the Past President of Indiana TESOL and the Past Chair of the NNEST Caucus in TESOL International. Ahmar was also the convenor of the 2011 TESOL Convention in New Orleans. Ahmar along with Naomi Knight are the co-convenors and co-creators of the Free Linguistics Conference.
Marian Wilkinson is an Australian journalist and author. She was born in 1954http://trove.nla.gov.au/people/602674? c=people and grew up in Brisbane, Queensland where she attended the University of Queensland. She is the environment editor for The Sydney Morning Herald. Her books include:
Dale Salwak is also an instructor at Citrus College in Glendora, California. He has been teaching there since 1973. He has also written 24 inspirational books.
The football stadium at Rhinelander High School, his alma mater, is named Mike Webster Stadium in his honor.
John Stamstad is a member of the Mountain Bike Hall of Fame. He was famous for his domination of long distance mountain bike races. He entered his first long distance road bike race in 1985. The non-stop race was across Missouri from St. Louis to Kansas City and back. In 1991 he switched from road events to ultra-marathon mountain bike events when he entered the Montezuma's Revenge, a 24 hour race in Colorado.
David Prior was born in the UK and studied Music and Religious Studies at the University of Wales, Bangor where he studied composition with Andrew Lewis. He was awarded the prize for composition in his final year for his piece Dense http://www.davidprior.org/dense which went on to win a Prix de Residence at the 1996 Bourges International Electroacoustic Music Competition http://www.imeb.net/MFLi/, leading to a residency at Xenakis' UPIC studio in Paris the following year. The piece was short-listed by the Society for the Promotion of New Music (SPNM) and following a performance at the Purcell Room in 1998, it was selected by then SPNM artistic director Howard Skempton for the George Butterworth award -- a prize awarded annually by the SPNM for the most outstanding piece performed in that artistic season. From Bangor, Prior went on to study composition with Jonty Harrison at the University of Birmingham, graduating with a PhD in 2001. During his time in Birmingham, Prior's work was often concerned with integrating acoustic space as a compositional parameter in his work. This theme stimulated interests which still define the work he is involved in today, whether that be through his installations, sound-walks, acousmatic compositions or the sound designs he has made for museums and galleries. Another feature of the work Prior was producing during this period but less evident in more recent projects, was the attempt to assimilate free improvisation into the devising of his ultimately 'fixed' compositions. Somewhere Submarine (1996), for piano and tape (joint winner of the 1997 Cornelius Cardew Composition Competition) and Another Poisonous Sunset (1998), both being good examples of this. Prior was awarded a Deutscher Akademischer Austauschdienst (DAAD) stipendium in 1999, funding a one-year residency at the Technische Universität Berlin, where he completed the work submitted for his PhD. Following the completion of his residency, he stayed living in Berlin, undertaking a commission from the DAAD Kunstlerprogram which lead to his twenty-four channel acousmatic piece Love and Death, premiered at the Parochialkirche, Berlin as part of the Inventionen festival http://www.inventionen.de, 2000. In 1997, Prior collaborated with Swiss choreographers Jürg Koch http://faculty.washington.edu/kochj/ and R. Lucia Baumgartner http://www.influx-dance.com/ on the piece an die Materie and the music from this piece went on to win an honorary mention at the 1998 Bourges International Electroacoustic Music Competition http://www.imeb.net/MFLi/ and first prize in the 1998 EAR (Hungarian Radio) composition prize. When Koch went on to join CandoCo dance company, he worked with Prior again, commissioning him to write the score for Amaze in You in 2002.
History description from The Hal Roth Papers of San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park Historic Documents Department: Hal Roth was born in Cleveland, Ohio, in 1927. He was an aviator during World War II and the Korean War. During the course of his lifetime, Roth was also an author, sailor, mountaineer, and photographer. He graduated from the University of California, Berkeley with a degree in Journalism, and became a free-lance writer and photographer. He studied photography with Edward Weston and Ansel Adams. He worked as a photographer for the American Society of Magazine Photographers based in Sausalito, California and took countless images of life in the surrounding area of California during the late 1950s and into the late 1960s. Roth's free-lance works of note include magazine titles such as Colliers, Fortune, The Saturday Evening Post, and The New York Times. Themes of his work include: California landscapes and wildlife, San Francisco (including Fisherman's Wharf), Winter Olympics, Dr. Suess, and Native American wildland firefighters of the Southwest.
Charles Cuprill Oppenheimer (September 12, 1916 -- October 7, 2011) was a Rotary District Governor for Puerto Rico and a retired Major general in the Puerto Rico National Guard. He earned his bachelor in political science from the University of Puerto Rico in 1940 and his Juris Doctor from the UPR school of law in 1947.
Simon Peter St. John Bowthorpe was born in 1964 in London, the grandson of industrialist Jack Bowthorpe, CBE, founder of what is now Spirent PLC. He was educated at Eton College and Schiller International University.
Jonathan Scales (born September 14, 1984) is an American steel pannist and composer. He has recorded and produced three albums, the most recent being Character Farm and Other Short Stories, released in April 2011. Since 2007, Scales has recorded and performed with Roy ``Future Man'' Wooten, Jeff Coffin, Jeff Sipe, Casey Driessen, and Yonrico Scott. His albums have been reviewed by Modern Drummer and Jazz Times. Scales graduated from Appalachian State University in 2006.
He was a Collegiant, and is said by Richard Popkin to be of Scottish extraction; his name at birth was Serrurier, his family was Walloon. He studied at Christ Church, Oxford from 1617 to 1619.
David Agema was born in 1949. He received a Bachelor of Arts from Calvin College in 1971 and an M.B.A. from Central Michigan University in 1975. He worked as a fighter pilot and Lieutenant Colonel in the United States Air Force during the Vietnam War. In 1978, he joined the Air National Guard. He then worked for American Airlines, and later as a business consultant.
Elazar Stern (, born 1956) is a former general in the Israel Defense Forces and former head of the Israeli Human Resources Directorate. Born in Tel Aviv, Stern attended Bar Ilan University, where he received a B.A. in Economics and Land of Israel Studies. He also received a Master's degree in Business Administration from Tel Aviv University and Northwestern University. Stern enlisted the IDF in 1974 as a paratrooper, eventually becoming the reserve commander of the Paratroopers Brigade in 1991. In the 1990s Stern became involved in officer training, and succeeded Gil Regev as head of the Manpower Directorate (a name he changed to Human Resources) in July 2004.
Jay Tipping went to Lord Elgin High School (now Robert Bateman High School) in Burlington, Ontario where he crew up. He attended Niagara College from 1992 to 1995, graduating in their Film and Television Program. In 1998 Tipping enrolled at Sheridan College in Oakville Ontario. Tipping specialized in Post Production Editing at Sheridan and graduated with honours in 2001. While in his second year at Sheridan, Tipping was selected to edit two, one hour episodes for the TV Ontario's ``Millennium Project''.
Reuben Trane graduated from La Crosse Central High School in 1906. In 1910, he graduated from the University of Wisconsin-- Madison with a degree in engineering. From 1916 until 1951, Reuben Trane was President of Trane; from 1951 until his death in 1954, Reuben Trane was chairman of the board of Trane.
Barrie Kosky is the grandson of Jewish emigrants from Europe. Kosky attended Melbourne Grammar School where he performed in Brecht's play The Resistible Rise of Arturo Ui in 1981 and later directed his first play. Among many other later famous Australian artists, he also worked at the St Martins Youth Arts Centre. In 1985, he then began studies in Piano and Music History at the University of Melbourne.
Gerhard Kubik (born December 10th, 1934) is an Austrian music ethnologist from Vienna. Kubik studied ethnology, musicology and African languages at the University of Vienna. He published his doctoral dissertation in 1971 and achieved habilitation in 1980.
K. Dock Yip graduated from Osgoode Hall Law School in 1945 and help to bring about the repeal of the Chinese Immigration Act of 1923. He was an important community leader in Toronto's Chinatown. In 1985, he played the role of a tong leader in the movie Year of the Dragon starring Mickey Rourke. He continued to practice until his death.
Drury A. Hinton (born Petersburg, Virginia; date of death unknown) was an American lawyer, politician, and judge who most notably served on Virginia's Supreme Court of Appeals from 1883 until 1894. Hinton studied law at the University of Virginia. His studies were interrupted by the Civil War; in March 1861, he joined the 41st Virginia Infantry of the Confederate Army, where he served until the end of the war. He was admitted to the bar in August 1866 and elected as the Commonwealth's Attorney and Corporation Counsel for the City of Petersburg in 1872, positions which he held until being elected to the Supreme Court of Appeals in 1883. He resigned the high bench in 1894 and returned to private practice in Petersburg.
William Brown (1938, Jackson, Mississippi -- October 20, 2004, Jacksonville, Florida) was an African-American operatic tenor. He earned a Bachelor of Music degree from Jackson State University in 1960 and a Masters of Music degree from the Jacobs School of Music at Indiana University in 1962. He later earned a doctorate of music from the Peabody Institute in 1971. From 1962 to 1966, he was a soloist with the United States Navy Band and Choir, with whom he performed for Presidents John F. Kennedy and Lyndon B. Johnson. In 1967, he made his professional opera debut as Spalanzani in The Tales of Hoffmann with the Baltimore Opera Company. That same year, replacing an ailing Placido Domingo, he made his New York City debut as Kalaf in Ferruccio Busoni's Turandot with the The Little Orchestra Society at Avery Fisher Hall. He also starred as the Angel in the world premiere of John La Montaine's pageant opera The Sheparde's Playe, which was recorded for television and broadcast nationally in the Unites States on ABC. In 1968, he created the role of Feste in the world premiere of David Amram's Twelfth Night at the Lake George Opera, and he made his debut at the New York City Opera as Lieutenant Jean l'Aiglon in the world premiere of Hugo Weisgall's Nine Rivers from Jordan.
Mike Malet (born February 28, 1948) is a former American football and lacrosse coach. He was the first head football coach for the Marist College football program once it was granted varsity status. The Red Foxes program had existed from 1965 to 1977 on a club level and was coached by Ron Levine. Malet finished his 11-year head coaching career at Marist with an overall record of 30--68.
John Moody received an honorary Doctor of Laws from Boston College and was made Knight Commander of the Order of the Holy Sepulchre of Jerusalem by Pope Pius XI.
Johann Christoph von Freyberg-Allmendingen was born in Altheim (Ehingen) on September 28, 1616, the son of Kaspar von Freyberg zu Altheim und Worndorf and his wife Anna Regina von Rechberg. He was enrolled in the University of Dillingen at age 10, on October 22, 1626. He was made a canon of Augsburg Cathedral in 1630. He then began his studies at the University of Ingolstadt in 1635. He became a canon of Ellwangen Abbey in 1638. He became scholaster of Ellwangen Abbey in 1641, a post he would hold until 1655.
Thomas Jeremiah Williams was the eldest son of William Williams who was Liberal Member of Parliament for the Swansea District from 1893-1895. He was educated at University College School, London, Sheffield Technical College and Firth College. In 1912 he married Laura Alice Marlow of Southport. They had one daughter Gwenith Alice Thomas (née Williams) 22/10/1913 - 11/01/2008.
Hanno Drechsler went to school in Saxony, where after High School he studied to become a teacher and was certified for doing so on all levels, becoming very early the Principal of the Oberschule in Falkenstein. Because of political conflicts with the SED regime (such as the toleration of students who were members of a church), he and his wife fled East Germany in 1955, and settled in Marburg, West Germany. Here, Drechsler studied again, at the University of Marburg (1955-1961), mostly Political Science, History, and German, and became a student and then assistant of the famous political scientist (the main representative of political science of the ``Frankfurt School'', Wolfgang Abendroth. In 1962, he received his PhD with a thesis on the Sozialistische Arbeiterpartei Deutschlands (SAP), which still today is the classic on this subject, and became an expert on the small parties ``between'' social democrats and communists during the Weimar Republic.
In early 1997, Our Lady Peace was offered and accepted an American signing with Columbia Records, expanding their horizons within Sony Music. After touring the album Naveed, the band began work on their second studio album. As the writing process ensued, bassist Chris Eacrett left the band due to musical differences. Duncan Coutts, a Ridley College alumnus and former classmate of Raine Maida, joined the band as bassist during the recording of OLP's second album. Our Lady Peace's second album, Clumsy, was released in January 1997. Album singles ``Superman's Dead'' and ``Clumsy'' found immense success especially in Canada. Clumsy established Our Lady Peace as a leading band in the Canadian rock scene. The album cover is based on an abandoned song called ``Trapeze'', which was initially intended to be the title of the album. In February 2001, Clumsy became a diamond-certified album in Canada. After Clumsys release, the band founded the Summersault festival that toured across Canada in 1998 and again in 2000, with lineups that included the Foo Fighters, A Perfect Circle and The Smashing Pumpkins.
Evan Goldman (born 1981) is an American realist painter based in Bethesda, Maryland. He attended the Maryland Institute College of Art in Baltimore, Maryland, earning a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in 2003. He then attended the New York Academy of Art, earning a Master of Fine Arts degree in 2006. During the summer of 2006 he was an assistant to the Norwegian figurative painter, Odd Nerdrum. Goldman exhibits his paintings, which include scenes of the Washington DC suburbs, at the Orchard Gallery in Bethesda, Maryland and the Bethesda Artist Market. His paintings of nude women have been exhibited at the 'Dirty Show' in Detroit, Michigan and 'Nude Nite' in Orlando and Tampa, Florida.
Paul Chappell was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota but spent most of his early childhood and teen years in Northern California, and he graduated from high school in Seoul, South Korea. Sensing God's call to ministry, Pastor Paul Chappell enrolled at the Pacific Coast Baptist Bible College and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Pastoral Theology in 1983. While attending college, he founded and pastored the Seaside Baptist Church near Indio, California. He received a Master of Arts degree from the Louisiana Baptist University in Shreveport, Louisiana, and was later honored with a Doctor of Divinity degree from Trinity Baptist College in Jacksonville, Florida, in 1995.
Michael Bellavia is the CEO of Animax Entertainment, an Emmy Award winning creative studio that produces character driven content for all screens. He earned his BS in Engineering from the University of Michigan and his MBA from Columbia Business School. He is on the Board of Delegates of the Producers Guild of America New Media Council, a member of the recently-formed National Academy of Media Arts & Sciences and a mentor at the American Film Institute's Digital Content Lab.
Joseph Lancaster Brent was born on November, 30, 1826, in Pomonkey, in Charles County, Maryland. He received his legal education at Georgetown University. In 1850 he came to California from Baltimore on a sailing ship bringing his law library with him, the first in Southern California. As an attorney in Los Angeles he made his reputation representing the Californio landowners who were defending their claims to their ranchos. His reputaion resulted in his election as a member of the California State Assembly for the 1st District, representing Los Angeles from 1856 to 1858. Between 1855 and 1858, Brent purchased a portion of Rancho San Rafael, making him one of the first Americans to own land in what is now called Glendale. The land was located across the Los Angeles River from what is now Griffith Park. He named his property Santa Eulalia Ranch. He was also a school commissioner and a leader of the movement to create a public school system in Los Angeles.
Julius Ocwinyo (born 1961) is a Ugandan editor, poet and novelist. His novels include Fate of the Banished (1997), The Unfulfilled Dream (2002), and Footprints of the Outsider. Ocwinyo was born in Teboke village in Apac District. He studied at Aboke Junior Seminary and Lango College, before joining the Institute of Teacher Education at Kyambogo, where he earned a Diploma in Education. He later studied at Makerere University, where he received a Bachelor of Education. Ocwinyo taught at various educational institutions before becoming an editor for Fountain Publishers, Kampala.
Allen Strange studied composition with Donal Michalsky at the California State University, Fullerton. He received his MA in 1967. He later studied composition with Robert Erickson, Harry Partch, and Ken Gaburo, and composition and electronic media with Pauline Oliveros at the University of California, San Diego from 1967-8 and 1970-71.
Gale was born on 25 July 1896 in London, England. The early years of his life were spent in Australia and New Zealand due to his father gaining employment in insurance, but the Gale family returned to England in 1906. He was educated at Merchant Taylors' School, Northwood, a foundation school in the City of London, gaining an average academic record but becoming a prolific reader. After this, he attended further education at Aldenham School in Hertfordshire. For a time, he was a boarder at King Edward VI School Stratford-upon-Avon. When Gale left Aldenham he wanted to become an officer in the Royal Artillery, but did not possess the academic qualifications or physical grades required for entry into the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich. Instead he followed in his father's footsteps and gained employment as an insurance agent, but rapidly grew to dislike the job; determined to enter the British Army, he attended regular physical training classes and studied hard to improve his academic grades.
Miles Flint graduated from the University of London and has an MBA from Cranfield University, UK. He also studied at Nanjing University, China.
Kan Mukai was born in Dalian, Manchuria on October 16, 1937. He studied economics at Kyushu University, but dropped out to pursue a career in film. In 1959 he began his apprenticeship, serving as assistant director to Kiyoshi Saeki, Tadashi Imai and Isao Yoshida. He also worked as a cinematographer on projects for various studios, mostly for educational, children's and industrial films. During this early period in his career he honed his craft and became known as a top cinematographer.
Medford was home to Michael Bloomberg, American businessman, philanthropist, and the founder of Bloomberg L.P., who is currently serving as the Mayor of New York City. Mayor Bloomberg attended Medford High School and resided in Medford until after he graduated from college. His mother remained a resident of Medford until her death in 2011.
James Dalrymple McIver (14 December 1833-01 Feb 1912) was the son of Captain John and Margaret/Dalrymple/McIver. He married Mary Anne Kelly on December 2, 1862. He was a graduate of Davidson College in 1859. He volunteered 1st Confederate Co. in Monroe County and rose to Captain. McIver read law, served as county solicitor (prosecutor), and in the North Carolina House of Representatives (1876--1877); was solicitor for the 7th judicial district (1876--1886); and judge of superior court (1890--1898). Ruling elder at Carthage Presbyterian Church for many years.
Brett Dennen attended UC Santa Cruz from 2000--2004, where he was a student at Kresge College.
Ford was born in East Grand Rapids, Michigan, the third child and youngest son of former United States President Gerald Ford and First Lady Betty Ford. Ford graduated from T. C. Williams High School in Alexandria, VA June 14, 1974. Ford attended Utah State University, studying range management. while his older brother Jack studied forestry there. Ford also attended California Polytechnic State University in San Luis Obispo. He studied Animal Science-Equine Studies while at Cal Poly.
Essman grew up on Long Island. In 1984 he went to college at Hobart in Geneva, New York. In 1986 he transferred to the University of Southern California in Los Angeles, where he studied psychology, screenwriting, and film criticism. His classmates with whom he attended film screenings at USC at the time included future director Bryan Singer and editors David Bertman and John Axelrad. Among the directors who brought their films to USC at the time were an unknown Oliver Stone (who brought an unreleased Platoon to the campus), Clint Eastwood (Heartbreak Ridge), Ridley Scott (Someone to Watch Over Me), and recent USC graduate Phil Joanou (Three O'Clock High).
O'Hearn died, aged 89, in Granbury, Texas, southwest of Fort Worth. Survivors included his wife of fifty-two years, Gladys Bookout O'Hearn (June 20, 1910 -- September 6, 2001); one son, Patrick T. O'Hearn (born 1930) of Palm Springs, California; one daughter, Jerry O'Hearn Meier and husband Kenneth Fredrick Meier (both born 1932) of Granbury; nine grandchildren, ten great-grandchildren, and one great-great-grandchild. Gladys O'Hearn, a Shreveport native and a graduate of Northwestern State University (then College) in Natchitoches, was the executive secretary for many years of the Arkansas-Louisiana Citgo Company. Mrs. O'Hearn was also preceded in death by Paul A. Kennon, her son from a previous marriage.
Giles Fletcher, the Elder (c. 1548, Watford, Hertfordshire - 1611) was an English poet and diplomat, member of the English Parliament. Giles Fletcher was the son of Richard Fletcher, vicar of Bishop's Stortford. He spent his early life at Cranbrook before entering Eton College about 1561. From there, Fletcher continued his education at King's College, Cambridge, where he was appointed a fellow in 1568 and gained his B.A. in the academic year 1569-70. Studying Greek and poetry, Fletcher contributed to the translation of several of Demosthenes' orations. On 22 March 1572, Fletcher became a lecturer in King's and held this position until March the following year, until he became a lecturer in Greek, a position which he held until Michaelmas term 1579. Continually rising within the academia, Fletcher rose to dean of arts, the highest position he was to attain at Kings, in 1580-81. However, this would not last long, for he decided to marry, forcing him to give up his fellowship. On 16 January, in his father's church, he married Joan Sheafe. Returning to Cambridge later, he received his Doctor of Civil Law degree. After attaining his law degree, the family settled back in Cranbrook, where once again the family was united. On 8 April 1582, Giles and Joan's first child, Phineas, was baptized. During the same year, Giles was made chancellor of the diocese of Sussex. In 1584, Fletcher was elected to the parliament which began on 23 November, from Winchelsea, one of the Cinque Ports. It was at this point that the Fletchers would permanently call London home. During his stint in Parliament, Fletcher served on three committees. In 1588 he was an ambassador to Russia to reestablish the treaty with tsar Feodor I of Russia. Fletcher published a treatise, Of the Russe Common Wealth (1591). The treaty to be reestablished was primarily concerning the English trade, but before he departed Queen Elizabeth made him a Master of Requests. The account of Russia Fletcher portrayed gives a vivid description into the Russian world pre-1600. He is best known for his sonnet Licia. He is the father of the poet Giles Fletcher the younger, although the two have commonly been confused as the other.
Ronald Crane was born in Tecumseh, Michigan. He received his B.A. from the University of Michigan in 1908 and his Ph.D. in Philosophy from the University of Pennsylvania in 1911. That same year he became an instructor of English at Northwestern University. He was soon promoted to Assistant Professor, and then to Associate Professor in 1920. He continued to teach there until 1924, when he moved to the University of Chicago.
Roy Slaven first appeared on Triple J's breakfast show every Friday during 1985. It was at this time that Doyle met Flinders University arts graduate Greig Pickhaver, while both actors were working as minor characters on an SBS TV series. Pickhaver had similar comedic skills and interests, and had also developed a sporting commentator character called ``HG Nelson'' while appearing on the Melbourne radio comedy program Punter To Punter in the early '80s. An amalgam of just about every Aussie sports commentator and race caller who ever lived, HG, like Roy, has seen and done it all and is utterly passionate about truth and honesty in sport.
Jayant Prasad was born on June 5, 1952 and educated in Delhi University and Jawaharlal Nehru University. After lecturing on modern Indian history for two years at St. Stephen's College, Delhi University, he entered the Indian Foreign Service in 1976.
Dr. Wilson Ko immigrated to San Francisco, California with his family at the age of 12, and was naturalized as a U.S. citizen at the age of 18. He was selected to San Francisco's premiere public college preparatory Lowell High School where he graduated in the top 1% of his class with Scroll Honorary distinction and achieved the highest scores for the advanced placement examinations in biology, chemistry, physics, and calculus. He attended University of California at Berkeley and graduated with distinct honor in Biochemistry. This was followed by a medical degree from Chicago Medical School where he graduated as valedictorian.
The son of photographer Henry Deglau, Terry Deglau was born in Latrobe, Pennsylvania. He earned his B.S. in Photographic Science from Rochester Institute of Technology in 1964, and a Master of Photography degree with the Professional Photographers of America Association. He served for many years as Eastman Kodak's liaison to the professional photographic community.
George Ziets earned a degree in Psychology from Georgetown University and spent the late 1990s in graduate school. He studied psychology and film, earning an MA from the University of Maryland. In 2001, he secured his first games industry job at Westwood Studios, working as a writer on the short-lived science fiction MMORPG, Earth & Beyond.
He was the son of Major General Dixon Edward Hoste (see Dixon Hoste disambiguation page). He was educated at Clifton College and the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich, and at the age of 18 was commissioned as a lieutenant in the Royal Artillery. In 1882 he experienced conversion under the influence of Dwight Lyman Moody.
In 1954 Hume Horan joined the U.S. Army, leaving two years later to study at Harvard College. In 1960 he graduated from Harvard with a degree in American History and promptly joined the U.S. Foreign Service, though he came back to Harvard to earn his M.A. in 1963 at the Center for Middle Eastern Studies, during which time he studied Arabic under the British orientalist Sir Hamilton A. R. Gibb.
Jules was educated at Highgate Wood Secondary School, a state school in Highgate Wood in North London and University College School, an independent school for boys in Hampstead (also in North London), followed by the London School of Economics (LSE), where he studied law. During his time at university, Jules started hosting small parties where he was the DJ. Unsurprisingly due to his field of study, the stage name of ``Judge Jules'' was born. He graduated from the LSE with Lower Second Class Honours. He speaks near fluent Spanish..
Paul J. Gannon (born May 21, 1960) is a former member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives. He is a South Boston Democrat who represented the 4th Suffolk district from 1991 to 1995. He is an attorney who graduated from Providence College and The Catholic University of America's Columbus School of Law.
George Washington Greene was born on April 8, 1811 in East Greenwich, Rhode Island. He entered Bowdoin College in 1824, but left in his junior year on account of ill-health. Greene traveled to Europe in the hopes of boosting his health. In 1828, while in Italy, he befriended Henry Wadsworth Longfellow and served as the aspiring poet's traveling companion; their friendship lasted 54 years. Greene was in Europe during the majority of the next twenty years, except in 1833--1834, when he was principal of Kent Academy at East Greenwich. He served as the United States consul at Rome from 1837 to 1845.
Nicholas Sadler is an American actor. Born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, he was raised in Apple Valley, Minnesota where he attended Apple Valley High School. He was accepted into the Juilliard School's Drama Department while a senior in high school.
Bolingbroke was educated at Eton College, Berkshire. He succeeded to the title of 3rd Baron St John of Battersea on 19 June 1748. He succeeded to the title of 3rd Viscount St John on 26 November 1748.
On 8 January 1917, Robert received his Victoria Cross from King George V, at York Cottage, Sandringham. Queen Mary was also in attendance. Upon his return to Bushmills, the people of the town and district turned out in force to welcome him home, including the Macnaghten household. Lady Macnaghten presented him with a gold watch in recognition of his bravery in attempting to find and rescue her son, Lieutenant Harry Macnaghten. Robert reached the rank of Sergeant before retiring from the army in 1926 (after he was badly injured in an accident). Later, in 1953, two years before he died, he met the newly crowned Queen Elizabeth II. Robert Quigg died on 14 May 1955 at Ballycastle, County Antrim. He was buried in Billy Parish Churchyard, with full military honour. His statue now stands in Bushmills town centre.
Blake Sennett (born September 22, 1976) is the lead guitarist for indie rock band Rilo Kiley and the lead singer/lead guitarist for his alt-rock side project the Elected. He was born as Blake Sennett Swendson in San Diego, California. He attended La Jolla High School with his Rilo Kiley bandmate Pierre De Reeder. In addition to being a musician, Sennett was a child actor, appearing on the television shows Salute Your Shorts and Boy Meets World. Sennett originally went by the names Blake Soper and Blake Swendson as an actor.
Gallaudet was born in Washington DC to Edward Miner Gallaudet, the son of Thomas Hopkins Gallaudet. Both his father and grandfather were famous educators in the field of deaf education. He received his B.A. from Yale University in 1893 and his PhD in Electrical Engineering from Johns Hopkins University in 1896. He worked at Westinghouse Electric & Manufacturing Company in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania from 1896 to 1897, then became an instructor of physics at Yale, where he taught from 1897 to 1900. From 1900 to 1903 he worked at William Cramp & Sons' Ship and Engine Building Company in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and then, in 1903, worked at the National Cash Register Company in Dayton, Ohio. He married Marion Cockrell on February 14, 1903. From 1903 to 1908 he worked as an assistant to the President and General Superintendent of the Stillwell Bierce & Smith Vaile Company in Dayton Ohio (which later became the Platt Iron Works Company). In 1908 he worked for the New England Refrigerator Company in Norwich, Connecticut. In 1908 he founded the Gallaudet Engineering Company in Norwich, Connecticut, where, as President, he did work as a mechanical and consulting engineer and, in 1909, built his first airplane. Gallaudet Engineering Company was incorporated as the Gallaudet Aircraft Corporation in 1917. As a student at Yale in the Class of 1893 he was a member of Psi Upsilon and Skull and Bones. He was an Associate Fellow with the Institute of the Aeronatical Sciences, Inc., a member of the America Society of Aeronautic Engineers Fédération Aéronautique Internationale, and a member of the Aero Club of America, Sigma X1, Engineers' Club (New York).
Tristan Dyer is an American film director, stop-motion animator, and Iraq war veteran from Waldoboro, Maine. He served in the U.S. Army for five years and spent one year at Camp Taji, Iraq with an Air Cavalry unit. After being honorably discharged from the Army in 2005, Dyer attended the Brooks Institute of Photography in Ventura, CA where he earned a BA in Visual Journalism.
Vincent Fang Kang, SBS, JP (; born 7 May 1943 in Shanghai) is a Hong Kong entrepreneur in the garment industry. He is currently the CEO of Toppy Company (Hong Kong) Limited, a garment company in Kwai Chung, Hong Kong. He attended Wah Yan College, Hong Kong, an eminent all boys Jesuit secondary school in Hong Kong. He graduated in the year 1962.
Albert Clement studied Musicology at Utrecht University (M.A. Degree, 1987, with highest distinction), Organ at the Brabant Conservatory, Tilburg (Teacher's and Performer's Diplomas in Organ, 1986 and 1988 respectively), and Theology at the University of Leiden. He received his doctorate from Utrecht University's Faculty of Arts, with highest distinction (1989). In 1993 he was awarded with the Province of Zeeland's Prize for Encouragement in Arts and Sciences
Maxime Faget was the son of Guy Henry Faget, and grandson of Jean Charles Faget. Born in Stann Creek, British Honduras, Faget attended community college in San Francisco, California, and he received a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Louisiana State University in 1943. After three years as a submariner in the U.S. Navy, he joined the Langley Research Center in Hampton, Virginia as a research scientist. While working for NACA at Langley, Faget worked on the design of the X-15 hypersonic spacecraft.
Hezekiah Bissell was a leading and well known nineteenth century American railroad engineer, civil engineer, and railroad maintenance of way manager for a number of railroads in the Northeastern United States, including the Cleveland, Cincinnati, Chicago and St. Louis Railway, Eastern Railroad of Massachusetts, and the Boston & Maine. He was a graduate of the Sheffield Scientific School at Yale College. He worked as a surveyor on the Union Pacific Railway from 1864--1869, under Ogden Edwards. In 1868 he supervised the construction of the Dale Creek Bridge in southeastern Wyoming, a challenging feat of engineering at that time. The bridge was the highest bridge along the Union Pacific built to cross the chasm between Sherman Summit in the Laramie Mountains west of Cheyenne and the Laramie Plains.
One of the last princely rulers of Lathi was Surjeetsinghji Taktasinghji Gohil who was a well known poet and wrote in the native language Gujarati. He used the name 'Kalapi' in his writings. His work 'Kalapi no Kekarov' in Gujarati is available today which contains most of his poetry. He was educated at Rajkumar College, Rajkot.
The drinking of the monarch's health, which is believed to have originated with the custom of the loving cup, was abolished in the 19th century, though the exact date is uncertain. In the early 20th century, members of the Royal Family sometimes attended the Royal Maundy service-- Queen Alexandra twice was present. Most Royal Maundy ceremonies in the first part of the century were attended by Princess Helena or by her daughter Princess Marie Louise. In 1931, Marie Louise was present at Royal Maundy and suggested, after the service, that her cousin King George V make the distributions the following year. King George did so in 1932, the only time he was at the service during his reign. In 1936, the year of King George's death, the new king, Edward VIII made the distribution. George VI (who succeeded King Edward on his abdication late in 1936) did not attend until 1940, and then not again until 1944, his place being taken in most years by the Lord High Almoner, Cosmo Gordon Lang, Archbishop of Canterbury. Queen Elizabeth II has been present for all but four Royal Maundy services of her long reign. She was absent twice following childbirth, and twice because she was visiting other parts of the Commonwealth. She first attended Royal Maundy as Princess Elizabeth of York in 1935.
Big Tuck was born on March 29, 1979. He grew up in Queen City, South Dallas, where he attended Lincoln High School, and studied music at the University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff. He also, like Houston rapper Trae was involved in a scuffle with Mike Jones. Tuck knocked out Jones and later aploigized for the incident.earch/we/Archives? p_product=DM&p_theme=dm&p_action=search&p_maxdocs=200&p_topdoc=1&p_text_direct-0=10EE4AFA8B922C68&p_field_direct-0=document_id&p_perpage=10&p_sort=YMD_date: D&s_trackval=GooglePM work=The Dallas Morning News date=1 January 2006 accessdate=30 January 2010)) (Payment required.) He dropped out of college and moved back to South Dallas to take up performing rap music. He joined a seven piece band Dirty South Rydaz and recorded a successful independent solo album, Purple Hulk, in 2004 that led to Big Tuck and Dirty South Rydaz being signed by Universal in November 2005. In 2006, he released the album, Tha Absolute Truth, which featured Erykah Badu, Chamillionaire and Paul Wall.
Syed Ata Hasnain is the second son of Major General Syed Mahdi Hasnain, PVSM. He completed his school education at Sherwood College, Nainital and thereafter attended St. Stephen's College, Delhi, India, where he received a B.A. (Honours) degree in History, in 1972. General Hasnain is an alumnus of the Royal College of Defence Studies, London, and has also completed a postgraduate degree in International Studies from King's College, University of London.
Those lines have been interpreted as a claim to reestablish the birthright of the Estonian language. Kristjan Jaak Peterson (1801--22), the first student at the then German-language University of Tartu to acknowledge his Estonian origin, is commonly regarded as a herald of Estonian national literature and considered the founder of modern Estonian poetry. His birthday on March 14 is celebrated in Estonia as the Mother Tongue Day.
Elspeth Thompson (26 June 1961 - 25 March 2010) was a British author and journalist. She studied History and History of Art at Trinity College, Cambridge.
General Joginder Jaswant Singh assumed command of the Indian Army, as the 22nd chief of army staff, on 31 January 2005 commanding an army of over a million soldiers. He is an alumnus of the National Defence Academy and was commissioned into the 9 Maratha Light Infantry on 2 August 1964. He received the colour of the battalion from the late president Dr. Zakir Hussain at the Investiture Parade in 1968.
He was educated at Grosvenor Grammar School, Belfast, a contemporary of future soccer legend George Best. He studied at Stranmillis University College, graduating with a degree in (B.ed), and then at Queen's University, Belfast, graduating with a degree in Theology (B.D.). He subsequently taught English and Religion at Orangefield High School in east Belfast. Alumni of Orangefield include Van Morrison, Brian Keenan and his brother David Ervine.
Stephens was born in Atlanta, Georgia. He was a great-great nephew of Alexander Stephens, a grandson of Clement Anselm Evans and a distant cousin of 19th-century U.S. Supreme Court Justice Robert Cooper Grier. Robert Stephens graduated from Boys High School in 1931. He attended the University of Georgia (UGA) at Athens and obtained a Bachelor of Arts (A.B.) in 1935, a Masters (M.A.) in 1937 and a Bachelor of Laws (LL.B.) in 1941. During his education at UGA, he attended the University of Hamburg in Germany in 1935 and 1936.
Israel Scheffler (born November 25, 1923) is an American philosopher of science and of education. He holds B.A. and M.A. degrees in psychology from Brooklyn College, an M.H.L. and a D.H.L.(hon.) from the Jewish Theological Seminary of America. He defended his doctoral thesis, ``On quotation'', at the University of Pennsylvania in 1952, where he studied with Nelson Goodman and began teaching that year at Harvard University, where he spent his career. He retired in 1992. His main interests lie in the philosophical interpretation of language, symbolism, science and education. He is a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, a founding member of the National Academy of Education and a past president of both the Philosophy of Science Association and the Charles S. Peirce Society.
Phurissara was a descendant of Norodom of Cambodia, and a cousin of King Norodom Sihanouk. He studied law at the Royal University of Phnom Penh.
Zulima Farber fled Cuba with her siblings at age 16 following the takeover by Fidel Castro. Living at first with an aunt until her parents emigrated, she graduated from Memorial High School in West New York, and worked her way through Montclair State College and Rutgers School of Law-Newark.
John Arthur, son of L. James Arthur and Elizabeth Gleason Arthur, grew up in Denver, Colorado. Arthur earned his bachelor's degree in philosophy and history at Cornell College and his master's degree in political sociology and PhD in philosophy at Vanderbilt University.
Foot was educated at Leighton Park School in Reading, Berkshire, and at St John's College at the University of Cambridge where he was President of the Cambridge Union and the Cambridge University Liberal Club. He was the son of solicitor and Liberal Party MP Isaac Foot, and brother of the MP Sir Dingle Foot, the life peer Lord John Foot, and Labour Party MP and party leader (1980--83) Michael Foot. He was the father of the late Paul Foot, a journalist, and Oliver Foot, an actor.
Barbara Rosenkranz is married to Horst Rosenkranz, and has 10 children, 6 girls and 4 boys. She studied history and philosophy at the University of Vienna, but didn't graduate. Although raised as a Catholic, she has criticised the church authorities in Austria, and left the Church several years ago. None of her children are baptized.
Huddesford was baptized at St. Mary Magdalen, Oxford, on 7 December 1749. His father, also George Huddesford, was the president of Trinity College. He attended Winchester College and Trinity College, Oxford. His elder brother, William, was to become a leading creator of the Ashmolean Museum.
Shaw schooled at North Ossett High School and then Rodillian High School in Leeds. He later obtained his degree in Drama at the University of Birmingham, before attending the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art in London, from which he graduated in July 2001. He became Robert Cameron on graduation from drama school before re establishing his birth name in his professional name, becoming Robert Shaw Cameron in 2010.
Mark Driscoll is an American television producer and writer, born February 3, 1959 in Boston, Massachusetts. He attended Boston Latin School and took a post graduate year at the Phillips Exeter Academy. Driscoll graduated from Harvard University in 1982; during his time there he was a member of the Harvard Lampoon. He shared an Primetime Emmy Award for his writing on the sitcom Ellen for the episode ``The Puppy Episode''.
Jamie Callender is an Ohio Republican politician, attorney, and professor. He is an alumnus of University of Kentucky, Cleveland State University, and Cleveland-Marshall College of Law (1992).
Born in Catemu, Chile, to Mary Grisel Lehmann (née Bissett) and mining engineer Andrew William Lehmann, Olga Lehmann had one sister, Monica (Monica Pidgeon), and one brother, George (Andrew George Lehmann). She was educated at Santiago College, Santiago, and in 1929 moved to England, where she was awarded a scholarship at the Slade School of Fine Art, London University.
Kamalesh Sharma is an alumnus of the Modern School, Barakhamba Road, New Delhi, St. Stephen's College in Delhi and King's College, Cambridge. Sharma was an officer in the Indian Foreign Service from 1965 to 2001. He served as India's Permanent Representative to the United Nations before his retirement from IFS. From 2002 to 2004, he served as U.N. Secretary General's special representative to East Timor. He was appointed as the High Commissioner of India to Britain in 2004. He is a Vice-President of the Royal Commonwealth Society. He is also the Chancellor of Queen's University Belfast (from July 2009)
Peter Laufer did his undergraduate work in English at the University of California in Berkeley, he earned his Masters in Communications: Journalism and Public Affairs from the American University School of Communication in Washington, DC, and his Ph.D. in Cultural studies from Leeds Metropolitan University Faculty of Arts and Society in England. His post-graduate work includes media studies while a Robert Bosch Fellow stationed at the Freie Universität in Berlin, German language study at the Carl Duisberg Centren in Cologne, French culture and politics study at the Ecole nationale d’administration in Paris, and Spanish language study at the Academia Sonora lengua y cultura española in Macharviaya, Spain.
Catharine Elizabeth Bean Cox (1865-1964) was born in Iowa into a Quaker family on August 11, 1865. She received a BA from Bryn Mawr College in 1889. In 1891, she married Isaac Milton Cox. In 1898, she and her family moved to Hawaii, spurred by Isaac's poor health. She taught at Punahou School and helped Anna Rice Cooke research and catalog her art collection, which became the Honolulu Academy of Arts. Catharine Cox also served as director of the Honolulu Academy of Arts from 1927 to 1928. She died December 7, 1964.
Frank Thornton Ball (he would later drop his surname professionally) was born in Dulwich, London, the son of Rosina Mary (née Thornton) and William Ernest Ball. He wanted to act from an early age, but his father, who worked in a bank, wanted him to get a 'proper' job and so he got a job working in insurance after leaving Alleyn's School. He soon enrolled at a small acting school, the London School of Dramatic Art, and did evening classes. After two years working at the insurance company, Frank Thornton was invited to become a day student at the acting school and persuaded his father to finance his studies.
William Bowyer was born in Leek, Staffordshire. He studied at Burslem School of Art and the Royal College of Art, London, where his tutors included Ruskin Spear and Carel Weight.
Neal Guggemos is a former NFL defensive back and kick returner. He was born on June 14, 1964 and attended Holy Trinity High School in Winsted, Minnesota. After high school Guggemos attended the University of St. Thomas in Minnesota where he was a Kodak and Football News All-American defensive back in 1986 for the Tommies.
Chris Onstad was born June 14, 1975 in California and grew up in a small town near Sonora, in the Sierra foothills. Onstad attended Stanford University, where he edited the Stanford Chaparral humor magazine. Onstad has published several books: nine anthologies of Achewood comics; a humorous cookbook featuring recipes purportedly invented by the strip's characters; A Wonderful Tale, a book written from the perspective of a character from the strip; and that same character's second novel A Hilarious Comedy. He has also published six editions of Man Why You Even Got to Do a Thing, an Achewood-centric zine.
Amelia Jenae Leles (born January 28, 1987, in Sacramento, California) is an American softball player. She attended Rio Americano High School and the University of Arizona, where she plays third base. With United States women's national softball team she won 2011 World Cup of Softball.
Ray Drew (born September 24, 1992) is an American football defensive end. He currently attends the University of Georgia, entering his freshman year. Drew attended Thomas County Central High School in Thomasville, Georgia and is considered one of the best defensive line prospects in his class. He also received a nomination to the 2010 U.S. Army All-American Bowl.
Robert von Zimmermann taught at the University of Vienna from 1861.
Charles Craig Cannon (October 24, 1914 -- September 20, 1992) received his B.E.E. from the University of Delaware in 1936. He was commissioned as a captain in June 1942 and went overseas in August of that year as a regimental officer with the 332nd Engineers. He was appointed Aide-de-camp to General Dwight D. Eisenhower on December 19, 1945. He had previously been serving as a staff officer in ETOUSA (European Theater of Operations United States Army) and USFET (United States Forces, European Theater of Operations) since January 1944.
William Blackman (27 November 1862 -- 2 June 1885) was a cricketer who played first-class cricket for Sussex County Cricket Club. He was educated at Ardingly College and played 34 times for Sussex between 1881 and 1884. Suffering ill-health, he then moved to Melbourne, Australia, where, within a few months, he died of tuberculosis at the age of 22.
Born at Leeds, Yorkshire, Baines was the eldest son of Edward Baines, a noted journalist and minor politician, by Charlotte, daughter of Matthew Talbot. Sir Edward Baines was his younger brother. He was educated at Richmond School and Trinity College, Cambridge, where he graduated in 1820.
George Auckland graduated from Durham University with a Degree in Applied Physics in 1969 he then joined the BBC as a trainee Film Editor in October that year. He became a TV producer and worked on many programmes from Blue Peter to a whole range of award-winning Adult education programmes including Johnny Ball's Think of a Number. In December 1989 he received a Royal Television Society award for Take Nobody's Word For It (Vermeer episode) with Hendrik Ball, the award was in the adult/continuing education general audience (1988) category.
She received honorary doctorates from the University of Alaska Fairbanks and her alma mater, the University of Northern Iowa. Additional honors include the Dorothy Jean Ray Anthropology Scholarship at the University of Northern Iowa.
Lauren Elaine (born November 7, 1983) is a celebrity Fashion Designer, Actress, and Model from the United States. As a fashion designer, she has appeared as a featured guest on America's Next Top Model, as well as Bravo's The Rachel Zoe Project. As an actress, appears in Fox Searchlight's The Ringer (2005 film) as 'Brandi', all of Dierks Bentley's #1 country music videos as 'Becky- beginning with What Was I Thinkin', Miramax's Sin City, and as a model in fashion campaigns for Chanel and Nordstrom. Lauren Elaine graduated in the top of her class from Poway High School in 2002, graduated early from the University of Texas in 2005, where she was a member of the Kappa Delta national sorority.
Joseph R. Stromberg is an independent historian and former columnist for antiwar.com and LewRockwell.com. His research interests include U.S. foreign policy, the War on Terrorism, the Antifederalists (especially the thought of John Taylor of Caroline), and an on-going critique of the Unitary Executive theory of the U.S. Presidency. He is a Research Fellow at The Independent Institute, and previously held the JoAnn B. Rothbard chair in History at the Ludwig von Mises Institute. Stromberg's articles continue to appear in The Freeman and the Intercollegiate Studies Institute web journal First Principles. He received his B.A. and M.A. from Florida Atlantic University, and his further graduate work was completed at the University of Florida.
Marek Oramus (born 23 March 1952) is a Polish science fiction writer and journalist. He graduated from the Silesian University of Technology in 1975. Most of his books and stories belong to the social science fiction genre and were written in the 1990s. Since then most of his writing have been journalistic, humorous, satirical essays, most of them published in the science fiction magazines Fenix and Fantastyka in his Piąte Piwo (Fifth Beer) column.
John Grayburn was born on 30 January 1918 on Manora Island, India, the son of Lionel and Gertrude Grayburn. The family returned to England whilst he was young, and he was educated at Sherborne School in Dorset. He played rugby for the Chiltern Rugby Club between 1927 and 1939 and was a skilled boxer.
Steve Awodey studied mathematics and philosophy at the University of Marburg and the University of Chicago. He earned his Ph.D. from Chicago under Saunders Mac Lane in 1997. He is an active researcher in the area of category theory and logic.
Dina Richardson, aka Dina Taylor, is an American singer and songwriter. Richardson is a native New Yorker whose musical roots are in New York and London. She spent her youth singing in a church choir. She attended the Long Island High School for the Arts, specializing in voice and drama. Richardson continued her studies of music and drama at New York University's Tisch School of the Arts, the Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute and the Royal Court Theatre Young People's Theatre in London.
Brant Walker graduated from Platt College with a B.S. in Media Arts focusing on Digital Video and Web Design in 2007. Before that, he attended University of California, Riverside and San Diego and Palomar College.
Lorenzo Lyons or ``Makua Laiana'' was born in Colrain, Franklin County, Massachusetts, April 18, 1807. He graduated from Union College in 1827. Ordained as a Congregationalist minister at Auburn Theological Seminary, September 20, 1831, he embarked from Boston, Massachusetts on November 26, 1831, on the Averick with his wife Betsy Curtis (1813--1837). Part of the fifth company from the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions, they arrived in the South Kohala district of the island of Hawaii on May 17, 1832. He spent the remainder of his life dedicated to the native Hawaiians. He was fluent in the Hawaiian language and composed many poems and hymns; his best known and beloved work is the hymn ``Hawaii Aloha'' sung to the tune of ``I Left it All With Jesus.'' His Waimea parish eventually included the districts of Kohala and Hāmākua, making it the largest mission station in Hawaii. His first wife died in 1837, and he married Lucia G. Smith of Truxton, New York on July 14, 1838. During his tenure, Lyons was responsible for the erection of fourteen churches, such as Imiola Church where he is buried. He was district postmaster from 1858 until his death in 1886.
Gyan Prakash (born 1952) is a historian of modern India and the Dayton-Stockton Professor of History at Princeton University. Prakash is a member of the Subaltern Studies collective. Prakash received his BA in history from the University of Delhi in 1973, his MA in history from Jawaharlal Nehru University in 1975, and his PhD in history from University of Pennsylvania in 1984. His general field of research concerns urban modernity, the colonial genealogies of modernity, and problems of postcolonial thought and politics. He advises on modern South Asian history, comparative colonialism and postcolonial theory, urban history, global history, and history of science.
Bob McLeod was educated at Auburn University and the Art Institute of Fort Lauderdale. He began his career working in the production department of Marvel Comics in 1973 on an recommendation from Neal Adams, but soon began penciling and inking for Marvel's Crazy magazine, doing several movie satires and the ``Teen Hulk'' strip. He was a member of The Crusty Bunkers inkers while working at Adams' Continuity Studios, then went on to become a top inker at Marvel and DC on many series, including The Incredible Hulk, Conan the Barbarian, The Legion of Super Heroes, Detective Comics, Wonder Woman, and The New Titans, as well as penciling Star Wars and several Spider-Man fill-ins for Marvel.
Leonard Hokanson (August 13, 1931 -- March 21, 2003) was an American pianist who achieved prominence in Europe as a soloist and chamber musician. Born in Vinalhaven, Maine, he attended Clark University in Worcester, Massachusetts and Bennington College in Vermont, where he received a master of arts degree with a major in music. He made his concert debut with the Philadelphia Orchestra at the age of eighteen. Drafted into the U.S. Army after graduate school, he was posted to Augsburg, Germany. He achieved early recognition as a performer in Europe, serving as a soloist with such orchestras as the Berlin Philharmonic, the Rotterdam Philharmonic, and the Vienna Symphony. He was awarded the Steinway Prize of Boston and was a prizewinner at the Busoni International Piano Competition in Bolzano, Italy. His numerous international music festival appearances included Aldeburgh, Berlin, Echternach, Lucerne, Prague, Ravinia, Salzburg, Schleswig-Holstein, Tanglewood, and Vienna.
Former Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich attended UT for two years. In 2008, his older brother Rob, a UT alumnus, delivered the May commencement speech, telling graduates that it's not what you know, but rather whom you know, that will get you ahead in life. Rielle Hunter attended the University of Tampa under the name Lisa Jo Druck. Hunter had an affair with former presidential candidate John Edwards, who recently admitted to fathering one of Hunter's children. Francesca Miranda attended University of Tampa from 1975 to 1979. Ellen Johnson Sirleaf was awarded a Honorary Doctor of Humane Letters degree after providing the class of 2009 commencement address.
Christopher Clarke (Born 25 January 1990, London) is an English sprinter who numerously has represented Great Britain and Northern Ireland at junior and senior level. At club level he represents Marshall Milton Keynes AC and is also higher claim to Newham and Essex Beagles A.C. Between 2003-2008 he was educated at Denbigh School and Denbigh School Sixth Form in Shenley Church End, Milton Keynes. Christopher is also an accomplished Pianist and studied briefly at Loughborough College as a tag on to his Athletic training.
Victor Gaston was born on January 15, 1943. He received a B.S. from the University of Southern Mississippi, an M.A. from the University of South Alabama, and Ed.D from Auburn University. He worked as a school administrator and timber farmer.
Ibrahim Geidam was born on 15 September 1956 in Bukarti village, Yunusari local government area in the old Borno, now Yobe state. He attended the Borno Teachers' College (BTC), Maiduguri from 1974 to 1979, where he obtained a Teachers' Certificate. He attended Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria from 1981 and 1983, earning a Diploma in Accountancy. Later he returned to Ahmadu Bello University, earned a BSc in Accountancy Degree in 1990 and became a member of the Certified Public Accountants of Nigeria.
Colin Tatz, a Natal University and Australian National University graduate, has been Professor of Politics at the University of New England, Armidale, and at Macquarie University, Sydney. He is the director of the Australian Institute for Holocaust and Genocide Studies at the Shalom Institute, University of New South Wales.
The city has also been the birthplace or home of several country musicians including Delbert McClinton, Jimmie Dale Gilmore, Butch Hancock, and Joe Ely (collectively known as The Flatlanders), Todd Mankin, Mac Davis, Terry Allen, Lloyd Maines and his daughter, Dixie Chicks singer, Natalie Maines, Texas Tech alums Pat Green, Cory Morrow, Wade Bowen, Josh Abbott, and Coronado High School graduate Richie McDonald (lead singer of Lonestar until 2007). Pete Orta of the Christian rock group Petra, Norman Carl Odam (aka The Legendary Stardust Cowboy), basketball players Craig Ehlo and Daniel Santiago, and football player Mason Crosby have also called Lubbock home. The city is also the birthplace of actor Chace Crawford (The Covenant, Gossip Girl), singer Travis Garland of the band NLT, and public interest attorney, author, and political activist William John Cox (Billy Jack Cox). Lubbock is the home of the historians Alwyn Barr, Dan Flores, Allan J. Kuethe, and the late Ernest Wallace. Bidal Aguero, a civil rights activist in Lubbock, was the publisher of the longest-running Hispanic newspaper in Texas. Recent state legislators from Lubbock include State Senator Robert L. Duncan, former State Representatives Carl Isett, Isett's successor, John Frullo, Delwin Jones, and Jones' successor, Charles Perry. It is the hometown of the late U.S. Representative Mickey Leland of Houston. W. E. Shattuc, who raced in the Indianapolis 500 in 1925, 1926 and 1927, lived in Lubbock. Preston Earnest Smith (March 8, 1912 -- October 18, 2003), a long-time resident of Lubbock, was the 40th Governor of Texas from 1969 to 1973 and earlier served as the lieutenant governor from 1963 to 1969.
On December 27, 1831, Cadwalader married Maria Charlotte Gouverneur (1801--1867). Her aunt brother Elizabeth Kortright (1768--1830) had married US President James Monroe, and brother Samuel L. Gouverneur (1799--1865) had married Monroe's daughter. He graduated from Princeton University and read law, but his career was in military service instead of as a practicing lawyer. He was appointed deputy adjutant-general of the New Jersey militia on June 2, 1830. On April 10, 1833, he became Aide-de-camp to Elias P. Seeley with rank of lieutenant colonel. On July 30, 1842, he was promoted to brigadier general. In 1856 he troured Europe to report on how the US military could be modernized. He retired from the military on January 26, 1858. After his retirement he was given an honorary brevet promotion to major general.
Frank is the only child of American painter, Eleanore Lockspeiser (1909--1986) and English musicologist and art critic, Edward Lockspeiser (1905--1973). During World War II Mary was sent to live in Brooklyn, New York with her maternal grandpartents, Gregory and Eugenie Weinstein. She studied modern dance with Martha Graham from 1945 to 1947 and was admitted to the High School for Music and Art in New York. In 1949 she transferred to the Professional Children's School where she majored in dance. She met Swiss photographer, Robert Frank, who she married in 1950. About this time she studied wood carving at Alfred van Loen's studio. She also studied drawing with Max Beckamnn at the American Art School in New York and briefly with Hans Hofmann in 1951 and 1954 at Hofmann's Eighth Street School. By this time she had two children: Pablo (named after Picasso) born February 7, 1951, and Andrea, born April 21, 1954. In 1955 she traveled with her husband, Robert Frank and her two small children across the country for two years.
Denise Pirrotti Hummel, J.D., is a cross cultural thought leader and the founder and chief executive officer of Universal Consensus, a global consulting firm specializing in cross cultural consulting and training services for multinational companies. She is a member of the U.S. State Department Speaker & Specialist Program. She earned a BA degree in psychology in 1983, from Columbia University, Barnard College, New York. She earned her ``Juris Doctor'' in 1987, from American University, Washington College of Law, Washington, D.C.
Peter Jankowski is an executive producer of Law & Order and a graduate of the College of the Holy Cross.
Dennis Saleebey is an American academic credited with codifying and promoting the social work practice of Strength Based Practice during his time at the University of Kansas, where he is Emeritus Professor of Social Welfare at the School of Social Welfare.
The band originated when Harvard University English student Matt Wilson (guitar/vocals) teamed up with Elaine Harris (drums), a Harvard grad student in biological anthropology, in the early 1980s. Harris had responded to a notice posted by Wilson seeking ``wicked percussion hands.''
David Crawford is a prominent Australian non-executive director. He was educated at Scotch College, Melbourne and the University of Melbourne
The eldest son of the politician George Treby, he was educated at Exeter College, Oxford. In 1746, he went on the Grand Tour and visited Florence, Rome, and Naples. At this time, he is believed to have acquired the Mantuan roundel sold in 2003 to Sheik Saud al-Thani of Qatar.
Johan Andreas Holvik was born in Miner County, near Howard, South Dakota to immigrants Peder Holvik and Eli Jonsdatter from Nordfjord, Norway. Holvik attended Madison State Normal School in Madison, South Dakota. He graduated from St. Olaf College in Northfield, Minnesota (BA. 1907). He subsequently studied at the University of Oslo and at Luther Theological Seminary in St. Paul, Minnesota. Holvik graduated from St. Olaf College (MA. 1913).
Suzy Post, Louisville, Kentucky (1933- ) is an award-winning civil rights activist in the struggle against discrimination and social injustice in Kentucky. She joined a student branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People while a student at Indiana University. She earned a degree in English Literature from the University of California, Berkeley in 1955, and returned to Kentucky in her late 20s to live near her extended family in Louisville.
Between 1915 to 1917, Dr. Guilherme Rau, a German who took up residence in Santa Maria, helped the German scientist Dr. H. Lotz, who collected 200 pieces on the Site. This material was sent to Von Huene, Germany. During this time a boy of 14 years of ages, Atílio Munari, who lived near the site (Schirmer village), went to live with the scientist H. Lotz, who taught him to collect and prepare the fossils. Many of his works are now in Rio de Janeiro, Porto Alegre and Santa Maria. Llewellyn Ivor Price, was born in Santa Maria in 1905, and completed his studies at Harvard University, USA. He returned to Santa Maria in 1936, bringing along his colleague Theodore E. White. Both came into contact with the Munari who helped in their excavations at this site. This year was collected Staurikosaurus, the first Brazilian dinosaur. Price was the first totally Brazilian paleontologist and helped define the whole structure of paleontological research in Brazil.
In the years 1915 to 1917, Dr. Guilherme Rau, a German who now reside in Santa Maria in 1900, helped the German scientist Dr. H. Lotz of the Geological Survey of Berlin, and collected 200 fossils in the Sanga da Alemoa. This material was sent to Von Huene in Germany in 1924. During this time a boy of 14 years, Atílio Munari, who lived near the Sanga da Alemoa, began to live with the scientist H. Lotz, who taught him to collect and prepare the fossils. Many of the fossils collected by him, are now in Rio de Janeiro, Porto Alegre and Santa Maria. Llewellyn Ivor Price, was born in Santa Maria, and completed his studies at Harvard University, USA. He returned to Santa Maria in 1936, bringing along his colleague Theodore E. White. Both contacted Munari that helped them in their excavations of fossils.
Anna Guo () is a Chinese traditional musician who plays the yangqin. She taught at the Shanghai Conservatory of Music. From 1985 to 1996, she was head of the Shanghai Women's Silk String Quintet. In 1996 she emigrated to Toronto, Canada. In 2007, to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the return of Hong Kong, the Hong Kong Chinese Orchestra performed with Guo on yangqin, Wong Onyuen on gaohu, and George Gao on erhu.
Alexander Dwight Foster (born August 26, 1984 in Canton, Michigan) is an American professional ice hockey forward currently playing with HC Sparta Praha of the Czech Extraliga. He is the son of former NHL player Dwight Foster and nephew of former NHL player Wes Jarvis. Prior to advancing to the professional ranks, Foster played both junior hockey and college hockey. He played his collegiate hockey at Bowling Green State University. After leaving college in 2006, he was signed to the Toronto Maple Leafs organization. He played for their farm team, the Toronto Marlies, occasionally being called into action for the NHL team, the Toronto Maple Leafs.
CeCe Sammy is a graduate from the London College of Music, and is a classically trained music graduate. She has coached chart acts from the United Kingdom (UK), including Charlotte Church, S Club and S Club juniors and Will Young.
Spencer Bennett was born to David Bennett of Rowley, Massachusetts and his wife Rebecca, but he was formally adopted by Sir William Phips, the husband of his mother's sister. He graduated from Harvard College in 1703 (listed at the top of the class because of the prominence of his family), and in 1716, by an act of the provincial legislature, changed his name to Phips. In 1706 he purchased land in Cambridge, where he settled. He married Elizabeth Hutchinson, with whom he had eleven children; five, one son and four daughters, survived him.
Siddharth Katragadda is a poetic and novelic author, as well as a software engineer. Siddharth Katragadda was born in 1972 in Bangalore, India and spent his first twenty-three years there, having earned his Bachelor's Degree from the Bangalore University in Mechanical Engineering. He came to the United States in August 1995 to pursue his Masters Degree. He graduated from the University of Texas at Arlington in 1997 with a degree in Computer Science & Engineering. He currently works as a software engineer for Qualcomm Incorporated in San Diego, California. His first book, ``Dark Rooms: A Novel in Verse'', was published in September 2002. His work has appeared in A Generation Defining Itself, Golden Thoughts, America at the Millennium and Sulekha. His first novel is awaiting publication, an excerpt of which was published in Writer's Monthly. He has been interviewed in a number of periodicals and on Book Crazy Radio, and his work has been reviewed in various newspapers and magazines like the Deccan Herald, Indian Express and Suite101. New, more recent poetic novels, such as The Other Wife, were published in 2004 and later years. Katragadda lives with his wife in San Diego, California.
In 2006 Kamal Nath received an Honorary Doctorate from Jabalpur's Rani Durgavati University for his contributions to the public sector.
Norman attended Cherokee High School in Marlton, New Jersey and was a good student and a letterman in football, basketball, and track & field. As a student, he was a member of the National Honor Society and was a National Merit Scholar. In track&field, he was a three-year letterman and an All-South Jersey selection. Dennis Norman graduated from Cherokee High School in 1997.
Mikhail Ivanovich Mikhaylov () (27 October 1858 - 6 October 1929) was a well known Russian opera singer (tenor). He finished study at the Moscow Conservatory. In the beginning he sang in Kiev and Tiflis, and, between 1884 and 1896, on the Imperial operatic stage in Saint Petersburg.
David M. Gilbert, PhD is J. Herbert Taylor Distinguished Professor of Molecular Biology in the Department of Biological Sciences at Florida State University. Dr. Gilbert's work focuses on the mechanisms regulating DNA replication during the cell cycle and the relationship between replication timing and structural and functional organization of chromosomes, most recently during differentiation in human and mouse embryonic stem cells. Dr. Gilbert received his BA degrees in Biochemistry/Cell Biology and Philosophy from the University of California at San Diego and his PhD in Genetics from Stanford University. He did two post-doctoral training periods, first as an EMBO Fellow with Pierre Chambon in Strasbourg, France studying transcriptional control and second as a Roche Fellow with Melvin DePamphilis studying replication origin recognition. He joined the faculty at State University of New York (SUNY) Upstate Medical University in 1994 and was appointed Full Professor in 2003. In 2006, he moved to Florida State University for his current Endowed Chair position and was elected as a Fellow and then Council Delegate of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) in 2008 and 2010, respectively. Dr. Gilbert's awards include the American Cancer Society Junior Faculty Research Award (2000), the SUNY President's Young Investigator Award (2002) and the NIH Career Enhancement Award for Stem Cell Research (2004). He has served on American Cancer Society (1996-2004) and NIH study sections (1997-present) and is an editorial member of the Epigenetics Society and is on the editorial board of the Journal of Cell Biology.
The PRSSA was dormant from 1981 until 1993, when another group of pro-statehood students led by Oreste R. Ramos, Rogelio Carrasquillo, Roberto Velázquez, Jorge E. Souss, Juan Carlos Galá and Mario Gaztambide reactivated the Association. Former PRSSA president Kenneth McClintock, elected to the Puerto Rico Senate in 1992, helped steer this new incarnation of the PRSSA. Ramos, a student at the University of Pennsylvania and the son of former Puerto Rico Senator Oreste Ramos, presided over the Association from 1993 to 1995 and organized the absentee voting campaign for the 1993 status plebiscite in Puerto Rico. Carrasquillo then presided over the PRSSA from 1995 to 1997 and coordinated the absentee voting campaign that contributed to the reelection of then-Governor Pedro Rosselló in 1996. The organization returned to inactivity after 1997.
Wall grew up in Concord, North Carolina. Her father, Robert, was a hospital administrator and her mother, Trilby, was a homemaker. She was raised as a Southern Baptist. Wall graduated in 1980 with a B.A., summa cum laude, from Meredith College. She received a Juris Doctor from Harvard Law School in 1984.
Ed Dandridge graduated from Tufts University, cum laude, in 1986 and The University of Pennsylvania School of Law in 1989. The son of a Foreign Service Officer and an educator, Ed grew up in Asia, Europe and the United States.
Richard Thornton was born in Burton-in-Lonsdale, North Yorkshire. He later funded a primary school and a church building in the village. He was educated at Christ's Hospital, Newgate Street, London from 1785 to 1791. He became a Donation Governor of Christ's Hospital in 1833. Christ's Hospital -- an English boarding school - is now located at Horsham in Sussex.
From the age of eight Young attended Merchiston Castle School in Edinburgh, where he developed a deep interest in history and the classics. He later studied at the University of St Andrews and New College, Oxford, before being appointed as Lecturer in Greek at the University of Aberdeen in 1938. He later taught at the universities of Dundee and St Andrews. Douglas Young possessed a range of talents over a wide array of subjects and was recognized as a Polymath *http://etudesecossaises.revues.org/index161.html
M-Audio was founded in the late 1990s by Tim Ryan, an engineer and graduate of the California Institute of Technology who had co-designed the Con Brio Advanced Digital Synthesizer and helped develop MIDI software for Commodore and Apple computers, including two of the best-selling MIDI software titles at that time, Studio One and Studio Two. After founding the company as Midi Soft and changing the name to Midiman due to Yamaha Corporation already owning the rights to the Midi Soft name, Ryan began the company with hardware solutions designed to solve the challenges of connecting MIDI, audio, and computer equipment together for the purposes of music production.
Yanklowitz was ordained as a rabbi at Yeshivat Chovevei Torah and he received a second rabbinic ordination from Rabbi Shlomo Riskin, the Chief Rabbi of Efrat, and a third rabbinic ordination from Rabbi Nathan Lopes Cardozo of Jerusalem. He completed a Masters at Harvard University in Leadership and Psychology, and a second Masters degree in Jewish Philosophy at Yeshiva University. Yanklowitz is now completing his doctorate at Columbia University in Moral Development and Epistemology and has taught at UCLA Law School and Barnard College.
Raul Rebane (born 6 October 1953 in Pärnu) is an Estonian journalist and communication consultant. Raul Rebane graduated from the University of Tartu in 1977 with a degree in journalism. 1977--1997 worked in ETV (Estonian Television) as a sports commentator, editor and program manager. Has worked 11 times in the Olympic Games as a commentator, team manager and member of the EBU's (European Broadcasting Union) Information Group.
His father, Mark Tinordi, was a defenseman who once played for the Minnesota North Stars and was the captain of that team when it moved to form the Dallas Stars. Tinordi grew up in Minnesota and Texas, before his family settled in Millersville, Maryland when Mark was traded to the Washington Capitals. Jarred Tinordi was also the Captain of the U.S. U18 National team. Tinordi attended Severna Park Middle School before moving to Michigan to join the US National Team Development Program (NTDP) and attended Pioneer High School in Ann Arbor during this time.
Vern Gardner was a 6'5 forward/center who played at Star Valley High School in Afton, Wyoming and played collegiately at the University of Utah, where he was a second team consensus All-American in 1947 and 1949. Gardner led the Utes to the NIT championship in 1947, at a time where this tournament was considered as prestigious as the NCAA Tournament is today. Gardner was named tournament MVP. His number 33 was retired by the University of Utah.
Before entering monastic life, Ajahn Sucitto graduated from the University of Warwick with a degree in English and American Literature in 1971. He spent a few years following the lifestyle of the alternative culture of the time, before heading overland to India in 1974 on a spiritual quest. This eventually landed him in Thailand in 1975, where he was inspired by a meditation class in English in Wat Meung Maung given by an English monk, Phra Alan Nyānavajīro. Phra Nyānavajīro's teaching was based on the ``Mahasi Sayadaw'' system (also known as ``Burmese satipatthāna''). Sensing an important turn in his spiritual journey, Sucitto entered the monastery where Phra Nyānavajīro lived: Wat Kiriwong in Nakhon Sawan. On 25 September he took samanera precepts and on 22 March 1976 he was ordained as a bhikkhu, both in Wat Potharam in Nakhon Sawan.
Born in Denver, Colorado he was the son of an electrician, Bert Stiles, Senior, and a music teacher, Elizabeth Huddleston Stiles. He attended Denver's South High School and worked summers as a junior forest ranger in Estes Park, both of which became sources of material for his short stories.
Alfred J. Lewy, graduated from University of Chicago, in 1973 after studying Psychiatry, Pharmacology and Ophthalmology. He is a full professor and Vice-Chair of the department of Psychiatry at OHSU, Oregon Health & Science University, and holds an MD and PhD. Prior to moving to Oregon in 1981, Lewy was at the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH) in Bethesda, Maryland, working with senior colleague Thomas A Wehr. In Oregon he has worked closely with Robert L. Sack. As of December 2005, he had 94 publications available on Pubmed.
In 1986, Bartlett received a Certificate in Filmmaking from New York University. This led him to embark upon the 5-year process of creating a film in collaboration with Betsy Wyeth on the life and works of her husband, Andrew Wyeth. The film, entitled Snow Hill, began Bartlett's relationship with Wyeth as an artistic mentor and life-long friend. Bo Bartlett currently lives and paints on an island off the coast of Maine in summer, and on an island in the Puget Sound in Washington through the winter. He is married to artist Betsy Eby.
Kathy was born in Newport News, Virginia, to Larry and Ann Wallace. She grew up in Yorktown, Virginia, with three siblings: Emily, Ellen, and Rob. She attended Tabb High School in Yorktown, Virginia. She then attended Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah, where she received a B.A. in Humanities in 1994. Later she attended Stanford University and received a masters degree in film journalism.
VanVelzen was born in Delft, The Netherlands. His father was a musician, and had a large influence on him as a child; on his sixth birthday, he was given a piano and a guitar from his father and a drum kit from his mother. He was actively involved in several bands at school and wrote music for the annual Christmas musical on several occasions. He went on to study Creative Communications at the Inholland University of Applied Sciences in Rotterdam, and won the Heineken Student Music Award in 1999 with his band The Goldfish.
Martiros Kavoukjian was born in Nigde, Turkey on August 8, 1908. His family soon moved to Mosul, Iraq. Kavoukjian graduated from the American University of Beirut in 1934 majoring in Architectural engineering, then worked as the chief municipal architect of Mosul, Iraq during the period from 1941 to 1947. In Iraq, he designed and built both governmental and residential buildings. Kavoukjian immigrated to Armenia in 1947, and in 1947-1979, he played a key role within the ``Great Rebuilding Project'' of Armenia as the chief architect, building numerous federal, public, industrial, and residential buildings. In 1973, his ``The Origin of the Names Armen and Hye and Urartu'' was published in Beirut.
In Shadow of the Giant, Alai's empire starts to fall apart due to the actions of extremists. He faces a China under the control of Han Tzu, a fellow jeesh member; and India under the control of the Battle School graduate Virlomi, who has declared herself a Hindu Goddess. Alai allies with India by marrying Virlomi, but turmoil leads the extremists and the Indian people to conspire against him. Alai flees his empire after narrowly escaping an assassination attempt. After peace is restored, Alai leaves Earth with the help of the International Fleet to colonize another world.
Mike Hall was born in Ashton-under-Lyne, Greater Manchester, and was educated locally at St Mary's RC Primary School (now moved to new premises and re-named ``Our Lady of Mount Carmel'') and St Damian's Catholic Secondary Modern School (now St Damian's Science College) on Lees Road, both in Ashton-under-Lyne. He studied at Padgate Training College, Warrington, where he was awarded a Certificate in Education in 1977. He later returned to the college, which had been renamed North Cheshire College, where he received a Bachelor of Education degree in 1987 (the college has since merged with another to become Warrington Collegiate, though its higher education faculty is now part of the University of Chester). He completed his studies at the University of Wales, Bangor, where he earned a Postgraduate diploma in education in 1989.
Ed Bass attended Phillips Academy, and graduated from Yale in 1967 with a bachelor's degree in administrative science. He served for a short time in the United States Coast Guard and returned to Yale, studying for a master's degree in architecture, which he did not complete. All four brothers attended Yale, from which their father had also graduated in 1937.
Matt Bissonette (born 1961) is an American bass player and the brother of drummer Gregg Bissonette. He attended the University of North Texas's jazz music program. According to Guitar 9, an online musicianship magazine, he has played bass and other stringed instruments on at least 22 albums, with music styles ranging from jazz, jazz fusion, progressive metal, and instrumental rock. The October 2002 edition of Bassinside, a bass musician's online magazine, reports that Matt has played in several different bands and has recorded with various artists. Such artists include Joe Satriani, David Lee Roth, Lita Ford, Daniel Glen Timms, Julian Lennon, Steve Perry, Brian Wilson, Don Henley, Ty Tabor (of King's X), Tom Andrews, and Peter Frampton. He also played bass on his brother Gregg's solo album.
Husted was born into a political family in Peekskill, New York, the son of James W. Husted (1833--1892) and his wife. His father was then a member of the New York State Assembly, and several times in later years was elected Speaker of the Assembly. The junior Husted attended private schools, the Peekskill Military Academy, and Cutler's School, New York City. He was graduated from Phillips Academy, Andover, Massachusetts. He graduated in 1888 from Yale University in 1892, where he was a member of Skull and Bones, and in 1894 from the New York Law School.
Keichi Kimura (1914-1988) was a portrait painter and illustrator. He was born in Waiʻanae, Hawaiʻi in 1914. He attended the University of Hawaii, where he met fellow art student and future wife, Sueko. Keichi continued his education at Chouinard Art Institute (Los Angeles), Columbia University (New York City) and the Brooklyn Museum Art School (New York City). He first exhibited at the Honolulu Academy of Arts at 19 years of age. During the Second World War, he served with the 100th Battalion of the 442nd Regimental Combat Team in Italy and France, where he produced many drawings that were also exhibited at the Honolulu Academy of Arts. Keichi Kimura died in Honolulu in 1988.
He was born at ``De la Brooke Manor,'' in St. Mary's County, Maryland on March 11, 1785, the son of William Thomas and Catherine Boarman. He entered St. John's College with the class of 1800, but he did not graduate. He graduated from Charlotte Hall Military Academy in 1804. He studied medicine in Philadelphia and receiving his doctor's degree there in 1807. In 1808, he married his cousin, Elizabeth Coates.
Mark Laurie was born in Didsbury, Alberta, Canada, receiving his education at Henry Wise Wood Senior High School and Mount Royal College in Calgary. Laurie worked as a recreation director, and as a realtor before settling into what would become his career and passion: photography.
Descended from the eponymous founding partner of what has now merged into Borden Ladner Gervais LLP, a prominent Canadian law firm, Peter Ladner grew up in the wealthy Shaughnessy neighbourhood of Vancouver. His ascendants also originally settled and gave their name to the community of Ladner, British Columbia. He briefly attended the nearby St. George's School, before graduating from the prestigious Shawnigan Lake School on Vancouver Island, and proceeding on to the University of British Columbia where he obtained a Bachelor of Arts in Sociology and a Master's Degree in Urban Planning.
John Rushby was born and brought up in London, where he attended Dartford Grammar School. He studied at the University of Newcastle in the UK, gaining his computer science BSc there in 1971 and his PhD in 1977.
Jack Yan emigrated to Wellington, New Zealand with his parents in 1976. He attended St Mark's Church School (where he was Dux) and Scots College, and graduated from Victoria University of Wellington with two business and one law degrees.
Dan Mullane and The Mustard Seed restaurant have received numerous awards for their work. These have included Black & White Awards but there has been no Michelin stars. Mullane received the Best Use of Fresh Ingredients Award from Bord Bia in January 2009.
David Monro was born in Edinburgh, the grandson of Alexander Monro tertius, professor of anatomy at the University of Edinburgh, whose own father, Alexander Monro secondus (1733--1817), and grandfather, Alexander Monro primus (1697--1767), had both filled the same position. David Monro was educated at the University of Glasgow, where he was influenced by Edmund Law Lushington to become a classical scholar. In 1854, he attended Brasenose College, Oxford and, later in the same year transferred to Balliol College, Oxford, where he was a Snell exhibitioner. In 1859, he was elected Fellow of Oriel College, Oxford; although he entered Lincoln's Inn the following year, he became lecturer and then tutor at Oriel. In 1882, he became Provost of the College, and he held this office until his death at Heiden, Switzerland. He also served as Vice-Chancellor of the University of Oxford from 1901 to 1904.
Dvir Abramovich (born March 31, 1971) is an Australian academic, scholar, columnist, editor, and public intellectual. Abramovich is a graduate of Monash University and The University of Melbourne and is currently Senior Lecturer in Hebrew Language, Literature and Jewish Studies and Director of the Centre for Jewish History and Culture at The University of Melbourne. The bulk of his research focuses on Israeli and Jewish literature, culture and society, Second Generation Holocaust Literature, reconciliation between Jews and Muslims, Israelis and Palestinians and the role of religion. He is considered the country's leading authority on modern Israeli fiction and culture.
Stanley Tarshis (born November 15, 1937) was the NCAA horizontal bar champion in 1959 and 1960. In 1958, he came in second place to Abie Grossfeld preventing him from becoming the only three-time horizontal bar champion in NCAA history. Tarshis was also awarded the ``Big Ten Medal of Honor'' in 1960 in his final year at Michigan State University.
John Alvin Johnson was born in Milwaukee in 1915 to a family of Norwegian descent. He was raised in Hammond, Indiana. He was educated at DePauw University, receiving a bachelor's degree in 1937. He then attended the University of Chicago Law School, receiving a law degree in 1940. During his time at law school, he met and married his wife Harriet Nelson, an undergraduate student at the University of Chicago.
Peter Mansbridge received his first honorary degree in 1999 from Mount Allison University in Sackville, New Brunswick where he currently serves as Chancellor. On July 1, 2008, he was appointed by Michaëlle Jean, Governor General of Canada as Officer of the Order of Canada, the second grade of the highest civilian honour in Canada. He received an honorary Doctor of Laws degree from the University of Manitoba in Winnipeg, Manitoba in 2001. He received an honorary Doctor of Journalism degree from Ryerson University in Toronto in 2005. He received the honorary degree Doctor of Laws, honoris causa (LL.D.) from the University of Western Ontario, in London, Ontario on June 9, 2008. He received an honorary Doctor of Laws degree from the University of Windsor in Windsor, Ontario on June 17, 2010.
Kazimierz Pelczar was born on 2 August 1894 in Truskawiec. His father, Z. Pelczar, was a physician himself, owner of a sanatorium and author of about 20 articles. In the years 1912--1914 he studied medicine at Jagiellonian University in Kraków. During the First World War he was conscripted by the Austro-Hungarian Army, he was taken prisoner of war by the Imperial Russian Army in 1915 and soon joined the Red Cross. After the First World War he joined Polish Army and served as a physician for the Siberian Division (1918--1920). In 1920 he returned to the newly independent Poland, finishing studies at the Jagiellonian University where in 1925 he got his PhD.
It is 1993. Wood plays Martin, an American student at the University of Oxford who wants Arthur Seldom (Hurt) as his thesis supervisor. He idolises Seldom and has learned all about him. He takes rooms in Oxford at the house of an old lady, Mrs. Eagleton (Anna Massey), who is an old friend of Seldom. Also in the house is the old lady's daughter, Beth (Julie Cox), who is her full time caregiver -- which she resents bitterly -- and a musician by occupation.
Another recently famous graduate of Nashua High School South is Alexandra Socha, who graduated in 2008 and starred in the Broadway musical Spring Awakening.
Goodricke became deaf after contracting scarlet fever at age five. He attended Thomas Braidwood's School for the Deaf in Edinburgh and then the Warrington Academy, where he was an excellent student of mathematics and astronomy. After returning to his parents' home in York, England, he made astronomical observations with his neighbor and distant relative, Edward Pigott.
In 1995, Jon Krosnick received the Erik H. Erikson Early Career Award for Excellence and Creativity in the Field of Political Psychology from the International Society of Political Psychology. He was appointed fellow at the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences in Stanford, California from 1996 to 1997. In 1998 Krosnick was elected fellow at the American Psychological Association, the Society for Personal and Social Psychology and at the American Psychological Society. He was appointed University Fellow at Resources for the Future in Washington, DC from 2001 to 2007.
Heineken Lokpobiri was born on March 3, 1967. He received an LL.B (Hons) in 1994 from Rivers State University of Science and Technology, Port Harcourt, BL February 1995.
Steve Evans grew up in Canada, and has citizenship in both Canada and the United States. He was most recently an attorney for Banyan Branch, a new-media marketing consulting group. His interests include French literature, science fiction,and cycling. Evans graduated with honors in English and French from Brigham Young University, and subsequently earned his JD from Columbia Law School and his maitrise en droit franco-americain from the University of Paris I - Pantheon-Sorbonne.
In Spring 2000, Hanjour went to Afghanistan. At the Al Farouq training camp, he was identified as a trained pilot, and asked to report to Khalid Sheikh Mohammed. He returned to Saudi Arabia on June 20, and obtained a U.S. visa on September 25, 2000. He arrived back in San Diego on December 8, 2000. Hamzi and Hanjour then left for Mesa, Arizona, where Hanjour enrolled in refresher training at Arizona Aviation. He had difficulties with multi-engine training, due to his poor English language skills. He did some training at Pan Am International Flight Academy, on a Boeing 737 simulator, but struggled there, as well. Though he struggled, Hanjour completed the initial training by the end of March 2001. At that point, they left Arizona and headed East. By April 4, they had arrived in Falls Church, Virginia.
Tryon assembled a force of 2,600 men, and embarked them on a fleet commanded by Sir George Collier. One division, led by Brigadier General George Garth, consisted of the 54th Regiment along with several companies of Royal Fusiliers, Foot Guards, and Hessian jägers. The second division, led by Tryon, consisted of the Hessian Landgrave Regiment, the Royal Welch Fusiliers, and the King's American Regiment, the latter being a provincial regiment of Loyalists raised by Yale College graduate Edmund Fanning.
John Straley was born in Redwood City, California. He grew up in the Seattle area and attended high school in New York City. Straley trained, with encouragement from his parents, to be a horseshoer. He attended Grinnell College before transferring to the University of Washington for a degree in writing. After college and a stint in Eastern Washington, he followed his wife to Sitka, Alaska in 1977. After moving through a number of jobs he became a private investigator and a staff investigator for the Alaska Public Defender. As an investigator, he continued to write. After being turned down by publishers numerous times, in 1991 he received a tip from friend and anthropologist Richard Nelson that New York City-based Soho Press was interested in detective fiction novels. Upon submitting his manuscript for The Woman Who Married a Bear, Soho Press expressed interest in his work. After a successful run of mysteries that has garnered critical acclaim, he is now looking outside of his trademark Cecil Younger series for future books.
Keiji Fukuda attended Oberlin College for his BA, which was temporarily interrupted by a nine-month backpacking excursion through Asia, the Middle East, and Europe. He studied medicine at the University of Vermont College of Medicine, completed in 1983. Part-way through medical school, he spent six months working with indigenous tribes in southern India, which helped further his interest in international health. He went on to complete his internal medicine residency at Mount Zion Hospital in San Francisco, and then a Master of Public Health at University of California, Berkeley. For one year, he worked in San Francisco Bay Area in clinics that focus on leprosy and tuberculosis, and then moved to Atlanta, GA where he spent two years studying in the Epidemiology Intelligence Service training program at the CDC.
Herb Kreling (born July 10, 1955) is a former Ottawa City Councillor representing Orléans Ward. He was first elected as a regional councillor for the Regional Municipality of Ottawa-Carleton in the 1994 election, and was re-elected to that position in 1997. He was elected to city council in 2000 and was re-elected in the 2003 Ottawa election. He was the chair of the Ottawa Police Services Board. He is a graduate of the University of Windsor. Kreling applied to become a provincial Justice of the Peace in 2005, and was recommended for the position, resulting in his resignation from City Council in September 2005.http://www.orleansonline.ca/pages/N2005090902.htm
Evensen was born in Alsvåg, but his family moved from Sørvågen to Molde, his mother's home city, when Johan was aged seven. He has four brothers. He took up ski jumping in the sports club Molde og Omegn IF at the age of seven, his father Arnor Evensen being a supportive figure. Johan Remen Evensen attended secondary school at Heimdal, being affiliated with the regional ski jumping team Trønderhopp. He later moved to Oslo, leaving Trønderhopp to join Eastern Norway's Kollenhopp.
Vinod Dua's early upbringing was in the refugee colonies of Delhi. He originally hails from Dera Ismail Khan, Pakistan. He graduated with a degree in English Literature from Hans Raj College and went on to obtain his Masters degree in literature, both from the University of Delhi.
Marios Kyriazis received primary and secondary education in Larnaca (Cyprus), and after military service with the Cypriot National Guard, he studied Medicine at the University of Perugia and then the University of Rome (Italy). In 1982 he received his medical degree and went on to train as a junior doctor in a variety of hospital posts in Cyprus, New York (USA), Sheffield and Northampton (UK). In 1987 he gained a Bachelor of Arts degree and then studied for a Master of Science degree in gerontology at King's College London (1990). He was awarded a Diploma in Geriatric Medicine by the Royal College of Physicians in 1990, and subsequently became a Chartered Biologist, Member of the Society of Biology (UK).
Judah Smith is the son of Wendell and Gini Smith, who founded The City Church in 1992. He and his sister, Wendy Perez, who is married to Benny Perez, the senior pastor of the Church at South Las Vegas, are seventh generation pastors. During his sophomore year in high school, Judah left Bellevue Christian School to go to Issaquah High School, where he received his high school diploma and played for their varsity basketball team.
Yissocher Frand is an American Charedi Orthodox rabbi and author. He is a senior lecturer at Yeshivas Ner Yisroel in Baltimore, MD. Raised in Seattle, Washington, he attended Ner Yisrael as a student and progressed to become a maggid shiur (lecturer). He is well known within the Orthodox Jewish community as a skilled orator, and has given hundreds of invited lectures over the past decades.
A native of Bryan, Texas, Dionel M. Aviles graduated from the United States Naval Academy with a Bachelor of Science degree in mechanical engineering in 1983. He subsequently spent 1983 through 1988 as a surface warfare officer in the United States Navy. He retired from the Navy in 1988, though he remained an officer of the United States Navy Reserve.
Andrew Clark ``Drew'' Hall is a former Major League Baseball pitcher with the Chicago Cubs ( to ), Texas Rangers () and Montreal Expos (). He was born in Louisville, Kentucky, but grew up in Ashland, Kentucky and attended Paul G. Blazer High School. He then attended Morehead State University. He is most famous for being involved in the Rafael Palmeiro and Mitch Williams trade in 1988. He was used primarily as a relief pitcher and spot starter. Also was the first round pick by the Chicago Cubs in the 1984 draft. He was drafted one round before 300 game winner Greg Maddux. He is currently an assistant coach at his alma mater, Morehead State University.
At 8 AM on July 2, 1986, he was part of a small group of people that were setting up a barricade in the Los Nogales neighborhood, in the municipality of Estacion Central. The group was carrying five old tires, a molotov cocktail and a gallon of gasoline. They were intercepted by an army patrol that was clearing barricades in the area of General Velázquez Avenue. All escaped except for Rojas and Carmen Gloria Quintana, an engineering student at the University of Santiago, Chile. The patrol, under the command of Lieutenant Pedro Fernández Dittus, was composed of three officers, five noncommissioned officers, and 17 soldiers.
John Boxtel was born in Goirle the Netherlands in 1930. He studied architecture at the Technical School in Tilburg, Netherlands. After emigrating to Canada in 1954, he studied at the University of Toronto, Ontario College of Art in Toronto, Ontario and the Artists' Workshop in London, Ontario. In 1967, he became an art teacher. His works include sculpture, woodcarving, architectural drafting, design and building. He has had gallery exhibitions in Toronto, Hamilton, Montreal, Kingston, Boston and the Netherlands. His public commissioned works for monuments were done in the Netherlands, Switzerland, Canada and USA.
Roman Vishniac received Honorary Doctoral degrees from the Rhode Island School of Design, Columbia College of Art and the California College of Art, before he died from colon cancer on January 22, 1990.
When she was two years old, the Poland family relocated to the Eastern Cape where she spent most of her formative years. After completing her secondary education at St Dominic's Priory School in Port Elizabeth, Poland completed her Bachelor of Arts degree at Rhodes University, majoring in Social Anthropology and Xhosa. In 1971, Marguerite Poland completed her honours degree in African languages at Stellenbosch University. In 1977 she obtained her doctorate degree in Zulu folklore - her field of speciality being cattle - from the University of Natal. She also has an Honours degree in Comparative African Languages and an MA in Zulu Literature.
Seann Branchfield grew up in Newport, Oregon where he began his musical education. He received a B.A. in Music Theory/Composition from Linfield College in 2006 and a M.A. in Music from the City College of New York in 2008. Branchfield's pieces have been performed at the No Dead Guys concert series, the Northwest Oboe Seminar, the Ernest Bloch Music Festival and by various music ensembles at Linfield College, the City College of New York, and New York University. Branchfield has also composed music for several theater productions. Other notable ensembles that have performed Branchfield's music are the New York Miniaturist Ensemble and the London Chamber Group. Also, Branchfield frequently performs his own music on various instruments and in various genres.
Floyd-Thomas received her Ph.D. from Temple University in 1998. Her primary teacher and adviser was Katie Cannon Katie Geneva Cannon. Cannon, a former student of Beverly Harrison http://www.utsnyc.edu/Page.aspx?pid=810, continues to mentor and influence Floyd-Thomas' work and pedagogical style.
Ashur Yusef Efendi (Syriac: ܐܫܘܪ ܝܘܣܦ ܐܦܢܕܝ) (1858 Harput, Ottoman Empire - June 23, 1915 Diyarbekir, Ottoman Empire) was a professor and an Assyrian nationalist leader prior to World War I and the Assyrian Genocide. Ashur was raised in Tur Abdin and like many in the area, was part of the Syriac Orthodox Church. He was educated at the Central Turkey College in Antep, and later became a professor of literature at the Euphrates College in Harput. In 1909, Ashur started publishing a Turkish-language newspaper named Murshid Athuriyion (``the spiritual guide of the Assyrians'').
Born to Greek immigrants in Romania in 1960, Asteris Koutoulas and his family moved to East Germany in 1968. He graduated from Dresden's Kreuzschule and went on to study German language and the history of philosophy at Leipzig University (1979--1984).
With many early evidences of literary capacity and political aptitude, Blaine graduated at Washington College (now Washington and Jefferson College) in nearby Washington, Pennsylvania, in 1847, where he was a member of the Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity (Theta chapter). Subsequently, Blaine taught at the Western Military Institute in Blue Lick Springs, Kentucky, and from 1852 to 1854, he taught at the Pennsylvania Institution for the Blind in Philadelphia. During this period, also, he studied law. Blaine married Harriet Stanwood on June 30, 1850. The couple had numerous children, including sons James G. Blaine, Jr. and Walker Blaine.
Elizabeth Norton is a British historian specialising in the queens of England and the Tudor period. She obtained an Master of Arts in Archaeology and Anthropology from the University of Cambridge in 2003 and a masters degree in European Archaeology from the University of Oxford in 2004.She is the author of nine non-fiction books.
Hiller B. Zobel (born 1932) is an Associate Justice (retired) of the Superior Court of Massachusetts and author or coauthor of several books on various legal topics, including the Boston Massacre and John Adams. He graduated from Harvard College in 1953 and received his law degree in 1959 from Harvard. He was recalled from retirement in 2006 and now serves the Middlesex Superior Court.
Johan Stenflo (born 1940) is a Swedish chemist and teacher. He received his M.D. in 1968 and his Ph.D. in 1973 at Lund University, where he later became a professor of clinical chemistry. In 1985, he became a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. He is also a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters. In 1975, he published a classic paper on the biosynthesis of prothrombin.
George Biskup was born in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, to Frank and Julia (née Kuda) Biskup. He studied at Loras College in Dubuque, from where he obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1933. He then furthered his studies at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome, where Biskup was ordained to the priesthood on March 19, 1937. Upon his return to Iowa, he served as a curate at St. Raphael's Cathedral in Dubuque until 1939.
The eldest child of the John Wentworth who had been Lieutenant Governor, he was born and died in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. Wentworth graduated from Harvard College in 1715. He became a merchant at Portsmouth, and frequently represented the town in the provincial assembly. He was appointed a king's councillor, October 12, 1734. When in 1741 New Hampshire was made a distinct province, Wentworth became its governor on December 13 of that year. Wentworth was authorized by the crown to grant patents of unoccupied land, and in 1749 began making grants in what is now southern Vermont, enriching himself by a clever scheme of selling land to developers in spite of jurisdictional claims for this region by the Province of New York. He often named the new townships after famous contemporaries in order to gain support for his enterprises (e.g. Rutland after John Manners, 3rd Duke of Rutland; Bennington he named after himself). In each of the grants, he stipulated for the reservation of a lot for an Episcopal church. Ultimately, this scheme led to a great deal of contention between New York, New England, and the settlers in Vermont. The dispute long outlived Wentworth's administration, lasting until Vermont was admitted as a state in 1791. Fort Wentworth built in 1755 at Northumberland, New Hampshire was built by his order and named after him. Wentworth also gave important government positions to relatives and gave them extensive grants of land. Growing annoyance with his administration's corruption, taxes, and mismanagement and neglect of the crown's timber interests, forced his resignation in 1767. After his resignation as governor, he gave Dartmouth College 500 acres of land on which the college buildings were erected. His nephew John Wentworth succeeded him as governor.
Nick Sheppard was educated at Bristol Grammar School, one of Bristol's leading public schools, and was in the same year as fellow musician Mark Stewart of The Pop Group. He started at 16 with The Cortinas, named after a well-known British car, the Ford Cortina. The band moved from R&B towards covering songs by punk forerunners like the New York Dolls and The Stooges. ``In retrospect, I suppose we were very hip,'' Sheppard says. ``We were listening to the right records, as we were right there at the right time.'' The Cortinas' singles, ``Fascist Dictator'' and ``Defiant Pose'' both appeared on Step Forward, the label run by Police manager Miles Copeland. The band split up in September 1978, after which Sheppard played in a number of bands, including The Viceroys and The Spics, a Bristol-based Big-band.
The Foster-Greer-Thorbecke (sometimes referred to as FGT) metric is a generalized measure of poverty within an economy. It combines information on the extent of poverty (as measured by the Headcount ratio), the intensity of poverty (as measured by the Total Poverty Gap) and inequality among the poor (as measured by the Gini and the coefficient of variation for the poor). FGT measure was developed by Professor Erik Thorbecke, his former student Professor Joel Greer, and another graduate student at Cornell University at the time, Professor James Foster.
William Weigel was born August 25, 1863 in New Brunswick, New Jersey, where he grew up and attended school. He graduated from the United States Military Academy with the class of 1887, ranking 27th in his class. Upon graduation, Weigel was commissioned a second lieutenant in the Eleventh Infantry and posted at Madison Barracks, Sackets Harbor, New York. In September 1893, he and his regiment were transferred to Whipple Barracks near Prescott, Arizona, where he led a company of Apache Indian scouts. In April 1894, he joined the military staff at West Point as assistant to the quartermaster.
Sueko Matsueda Kimura (June 10, 1912 -- December 25, 2001) was an American artist. She was born in Honolulu in 1912. She received her Bachelor of Arts and Master of Fine Arts degrees from the University of Hawaii, where she met her fellow art student and future husband Keichi Kimura. She also attended the Chouinard Art Institute (Los Angeles), Columbia University (New York City), the Brooklyn Museum Art School (New York City) and the Art Students League of New York.
Kishor Gurung comes from a musical family; the first instrument he played was the tabla drums. When he decided to learn the guitar he faced the difficulty of inaccessibility to printed music, recordings and accredited teachers in his homeland Nepal, but he eventually won a full scholarship to study guitar at the San Francisco Conservatory of Music, where he studied with Larry Almeida, George Sakallariou and David Tanenbaum and participated in Master Classes conducted by such distinguished international guitarists as Michael Lorimor (USA), Julian Bream (UK), Manuel Barrueco (Cuba), David Russell (Scotland), Jose Tomas (Spain), Abel Carlevaro (Paraguay). He pursued then an MA degree in ethnomusicology at the University of Hawaii as an East-West Centre grantee, following which he has participated in international music seminars and performed in Asia and Europe with favourable press reviews. Kishor is the first Nepali to obtain music degrees from the accredited institutions of the West. In addition to his TV and radio appearances, Kishor has also appeared as a soloist with the Long Island Youth Orchestra of New York.
Dagmar C. G. Lorenz is Professor of Germanic Studies and Director of Jewish Studies at the University of Illinois at Chicago. She teaches and publishes on Austrian, German and German-Jewish literature and culture, and Holocaust Studies. She was born in Goslar, West Germany and began her studies (German, English, Philosophy, Pedagogy) at the University of Goettingen (Germany). She completed her Ph.D. in German (1973) and her MA in English (1974) at the University of Cincinnati. She taught at Rutgers University/Douglass College (1974/5), Ohio State University, Columbus (1975-1982 Assistant Professor; 1982-1988 Associate Professor; 1989-1998 Professor), University of Illinois at Chicago (1998-present; Interim Head, Germanic Studies 2002-2003), and held a Visiting Professorship at the University of Chicago (2000). She served as the editor of The German Quarterly (1997-2003) and held offices with MLA, GSA, MALCA, and AATG.
Sadegh Malek Shahmirzadi () (born April 24, 1940) is an Iranian archaeologist and anthropologist. In 1964 he finished his BA in archaeology at the University of Tehran. He was awarded a Fulbright Fellowship to study at the Oriental Institute of the University of Chicago. After returning to Iran in 1970, he started teaching at the University of Tehran. Four years later, with a fellowship from the Ministry of Higher Education and Tehran University, he studied Anthropology at the University of Pennsylvania and obtained his Ph.D. in Prehistoric Anthropology in 1977.
Although not a resident, William F. ``Buffalo Bill'' Cody was a frequent visitor to Columbus. In 1883, the city was the site of the first full-dress rehearsal of Buffalo Bill's Wild West show before its opening in Omaha. Lon Milo DuQuette, occultist author and musician, is a graduate of Columbus High School.
Rabbi Shubert Spero (born 1923). Rabbi Spero was born in New York City. He studied at Yeshiva Torah Vodaas in Brooklyn, New York. He received his B.S degree at City College of New York and attained an M.A and a PhD in philosophy at Western Reserve University. In 1947 he received smicha and in 1950 became rabbi of Young Israel of Cleveland, Ohio. In 1983 with his wife and family he made aliyah to Israel setteling in Jerusalem.
Willard Dryden Paddock (October 23, 1873- 1956), was an American artist who specialized in painting and sculpting. Born in Brooklyn, New York, he studied at the Pratt Institute in Brooklyn under the tutelage of sculptor Herbert Adams, before traveling to Paris to study at the Académie Colarossi under the painters Gustave-Claude-Etienne Courtois and Louis Auguste Girardot. Paddock is perhaps better known for his sculptural work, which garnered national attention, and included memorial structures, fountains, busts, figures, and sundials.
Daniel Ford (born 1931) is an American journalist, novelist, and historian. The son of Patrick and Anne Ford, he attended public schools in New Hampshire and Massachusetts, graduating in 1950 from Brewster Academy in Wolfeboro, New Hampshire. He was educated at the University of New Hampshire (A.B. Political Science 1954), the University of Manchester (Fulbright Scholar, Modern European History 1954--55), and King's College London (M.A. War Studies 2010).
Gary Cooper studied organ and harpsichord at Chetham's School of Music, the John Loosemore Centre, and was an organ scholar at New College, Oxford, where he graduated with First Class Honours. In 1990 while still a student at Oxford, he co-founded the New Chamber Opera, and has conducted many of their performances, including a complete recording of Rameau's cantatas and a new production of Handel's rarely performed opera, Orlando, at Sadler's Wells Theatre in 2006. Between 1992 and 2000, he was a member of the baroque ensemble, Trio Sonnerie, with whom he performed regularly throughout Europe and the United States.
Roger Wilmut (born 1942 in Stratford Upon Avon, Warwickshire) is a British writer and compiler of books on British comedy. Wilmut attended Warwick School, and began his 'day job' as studio technician for the BBC on leaving school in 1961. Wilmut claims to have drifted into a career as a writer ``by accident''. Wilmut's books include The Goon Show Companion, Tony Hancock: Artiste, From Fringe to Flying Circus (a history of Oxbridge comedy in the sixties and seventies) and Didn't You Kill My Mother-in-law (a history of the 1980s alternative Comedy movement in the UK).
Bob Morgan graduated from University of New Mexico and played in the Continental Football League with the Toronto Rifles from 1965--67 and 5 games with the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League in 1967.
Augustus Burke Shepherd (1841--1887) graduated from Brasenose College, Oxford with a B. Med. in 1865. He then became a doctor at St. Mary's Hospital, Paddington. His parents lived in St. Leonard's on Sea. He married Amelia Staines (later Amelia Jackson). Shepherd had a tendency to drink too much and died at the age of 46.
Patrick Lau graduated college in 1983 at University of Toronto with a degree of landscape architecture; he also preceded graduate school at 1989 at University of Hong Kong with a degree in urban design.
In Spider-Man films directed by Sam Raimi, Peter Parker attains his powers after being bitten by a radioactive spider at a laboratory at Columbia University (the lab scenes were actually filmed at the Natural History Museum in Los Angeles), and later attends the school. The Marvel Comics superhero Daredevil was valedictorian of his class at Columbia Law School. Willie Keith, the protagonist in Herman Wouk's The Caine Mutiny, is a Columbia student when he signs up for the Navy at the beginning of World War II; Wouk specifically refers to the campus, including buildings such as Furnald Hall. Law & Order prosecutor Jamie Ross (later a judge on ) attended Columbia Law. Meadow Soprano, of the television series The Sopranos, attends Columbia. Michael Moscovitz, a character in the The Princess Diaries series by Meg Cabot, also attends Columbia University. On the NBC sitcom Will & Grace, both main characters, Will Truman and Grace Adler, played by Eric McCormack and Debra Messing, respectively, were Columbia graduates. Jack Shephard (Matthew Fox) from ABC's Lost graduated from Columbia University Medical Center. Jessie Spano from Saved by the Bell attended Columbia University in the show's spin-off. Jessica Darling, the protagonist of Megan McCafferty's Sloppy Firsts, Second Helpings, and Charmed Thirds, attends Columbia. Dr. Joel Fleishman (Rob Morrow) on the television series Northern Exposure was a graduate of Columbia. Valerie Tyler in the TV show What I Like About You is a Columbia graduate, with a degree in Public Relations. Carol Seaver from the family sitcom Growing Pains (Tracey Gold) also attended the university. In How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days, Andie Anderson (Kate Hudson) graduated from Columbia Journalism. In the film I Think I Love My Wife, Richard Cooper (Chris Rock) held an M.B.A. degree from Columbia (An M.B.A. diploma from Columbia can be seen hanging on the wall in the character's office). Marshall Eriksen of How I Met Your Mother is a Columbia Law school graduate. Dr. Stanley Goodspeed (Nicolas Cage) in the movie ``The Rock'' holds a BA from Columbia. In addition, the television comedy series (Seinfeld) was fictionally filmed near the Columbia campus, as the famous Seinfeld diner ``Monk's'' is in fact Tom's Restaurant on Broadway at 112th Street. Similarly, the pop song (Tom's Diner) by Barnard alum (Suzanne Vega) is also set in Tom's Restaurant. In Siri Hustvedt's 2008 novel, The Blindfold, the heroine is a grad student at Columbia. Mara Waters, a character in The Au Pairs, a novel by Melissa de la Cruz, decides to attend Columbia rather than Dartmouth. In Richard Powers' novel, The Time of our Singing, the family's father, David Strom, is a physicist at Columbia. As for the boys, they both attend Juilliard School. Both Doctor Eric Foreman and James Wilson (House) on the popular Fox medical drama House attended the medical school at Columbia. Professor X, of X-Men fame, completed his graduate studies at Columbia, where he received his PhD in Anthropology. In the film Panic Room, the character which Jodie Foster plays is a Columbia University student. Aqua in Cheetah Girls 3 wanted to be a prospective Columbian and she makes references to their excellent physics departments. In the Bollywood movie, Ta Ra Rum Pum, Radhika Rani Mukerji is majoring in music at Columbia University when she meets Rajveer Singh Saif Ali Khan.
Max Vernon (born May 24, 1988) is a performer, visual artist, and songwriter from Los Angeles, California, currently living and performing in New York City, where he attended New York University. Best known for his prolific lyrics and piano compositions, he has garnered a substantial following in response to the media he has posted online, mainly through file sharing and various videos of original compositions and covers.
Timothy Hauser graduated from Mt. Lebanon High School near Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in 1966. He then attended Georgetown University, earning a master's degree in international relations in 1972. He did additional postgraduate work at the Johns Hopkins University Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies, in Washington, D.C. and in Bologna, Italy. He was fluent in both Italian and French.
Priyanka Sharma (born 20 October 1986) is an Indian VJ and actress. She was born in Ghaziabad, India and later moved to Jhansi. She attended Lady Shri Ram College for Women in Delhi.
Browning was educated ``with anxious care'' by his father and private tutors at the Brownings' home in Florence, and, after his mother died in 1861, in London. Robert was anxious that his son should attend a university, and sought the help of Benjamin Jowett, Master of Balliol College, the leading Oxford academic of the day. With Jowett's help, Pen's Greek and Latin were brought up to the requisite standard, but Jowett was obliged to tell the poet that his son's command of English left much to be desired. Because Balliol was too demanding for Pen, he went to Christ Church, Oxford, where he much enjoyed the sporting side of college life: he delighted in swimming, rowing, fencing, riding and boxing. He did not, however, take to academic study and left without taking a degree. Encouraged by Robert Browning's friend the painter John Everett Millais, Browning studied painting and sculpture in Antwerp and Paris. Among his teachers was Auguste Rodin; among his fellow-students was John Singer Sargent.
Tom Gaebel was born on 13 January 1975 in Gelsenkirchen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, into a musical family. His younger brother Denis Gäbel plays tenor saxophone in the Tom Gaebel big band. Colin Gäbel is a singer and guitarist in addition to being a renowned TV presenter and reporter about computer games; he is a member of the rock band Mondo Kane. Tom started with music lessons at an early age and he plays several instruments, including drums, violin, trombone and piano. Even during his high-school days, he was a member of bands, including two big bands and a rock band called Goresaw. He attended the Conservatorium van Amsterdam and in October 2004, Gaebel received a major in jazz singing from the Conservatorium. After performing and singing in various big bands, such as The Young Sinatras and the Tobias Kremer Big Band, he formed his own group in 2005.
Arthur (Art) O'Connor (1888 -- 10 May 1950) was an Irish politician, lawyer and judge. He was born in 1888, the second son of Arthur O'Connor of Elm Hall, Celbridge, Co. Kildare(1834-1907) and his second wife Elizabeth (née Saul). He was educated at Blackrock College, Co. Dublin. He obtained the dispensation which was at that time required by Catholics in order to study engineering at the then almost exclusively Protestant Trinity College, Dublin, from which he duly graduated in 1911.
Joseph Tkach, Jr. was born on December 23, 1951, in Chicago, Illinois. He spent most of his childhood in Chicago until his parents moved to Pasadena, California in 1966. He attended the WCG's private university, Ambassador College, from 1969 to 1973, when he received a bachelor of arts degree in theology. He was ordained a minister of the church in 1976.
Kyla graduated from Philippine Christian University with a bachelor's degree in Mass Communications. Her father is a lawyer and, she has three siblings.
Joseph Cistone was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to Daniel A. and Josephine R. (née Altomare) Cistone, Sr. One of three children, he has two brothers, Daniel and Anthony. He attended Our Lady of Consolation School and graduated from Father Judge High School in 1967. He then studied at St. Charles Borromeo Seminary, from where he obtained a Bachelor's degree in Philosophy (1971) and Master's in Divinity (1975).
Although he started college as a history major, Kenneth Breslauer graduated in 1968 with honors from the University of Wisconsin, with both a bachelor's degree in chemistry as well as a B.A. degree. During high school and his freshman year in college, Breslauer played left field on his schools`` baseball teams, and, subsequently, for a brief period, he followed his passion and played minor league baseball in West Haven, Connecticut. During his PhD research at Yale University, Breslauer developed a new calorimetric method for investigating the molecular forces that control the stability and folding of proteins, His results were incorporated in databases for characterizing hydrophobic and hydrophilic forces associated with protein stability. He graduated from Yale in 1972. As a postdoc at the University of California at Berkeley, Breslauer investigated and characterized the molecular forces associated with dictating and controlling nucleic acid stability. At Rutgers since 1974, he combines these fields by investigating protein-DNA, and drug-DNA interactions, particularly as they relate to regulation of gene expression, DNA damage repair, and molecular diseases. Prof Breslauer is author of over 200 publications. His most cited paper describes a model and presents a database that has been used throughout the field to predict DNA duplex stability from the base sequence, and it is cited over 1000 times. This paper and subsequent work from his laboratory have led to a patent being issued to Breslauer and co-workers (No. 6,815,163) entitled ``Methods and Kits for Screening Nucleic Acid Duplex Stability.''
Kevin Long attended University of South Carolina and was a standout fullback for the Gamecocks. He rushed for 2,372 yards, 8th overall on Carolina's all-time list as of 2006. His average per rush was 5.3 yards and he was the first Gamecock player to compile 1,000 yards in a season (1975). In 2002, Kevin was inducted into the University of South Carolina Athletic Hall of Fame, and in 2003, into the State of South Carolina Athletic Hall of Fame.
K. R. Parthasarathy is a professor emeritus of graph theory from the Department of Mathematics, Indian Institute of Technology Madras, Chennai. He received his Ph.D. (1966) in graph theory from the Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur. Parthasarathy is known for his work (with his student G. Ravindra) on strong perfect graph conjecture. Parthasarathy guided and refereed Ph.D. students in graph theory, among them S. A. Choudum. Parthasarathy wrote a book on graph theory - Basic Graph Theory, K. R. Parthasarathy - 1994 - Tata McGraw-Hill New York.
Jim Michaels (born 12 September 1965 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American television producer. He is the son of Anna Mae and Robert Michaels and was raised in the suburbs of Des Plaines and Arlington Heights. Michaels graduated from John Hersey High School in Arlington Heights, Illinois and attended the University of Evansville and graduated with a degree in Business. Michaels ran the in house computer graphics department at a studio at MCA/Universal. Michaels then moved into television production, eventually producing the NBC series Midnight Caller for NBC and Reasonable Doubts. Michaels other series included; Charlie Grace for ABC; The Guardian and dr. Vegas for CBS; Odyssey 5; for Showtime; and . Michaels is a member of the Producer's Guild of America, Directors Guild of America, Screen Actors Guild, The Academy of Television Arts & Sciences, American Film Institute and has guest lectered at the Academy of Art, UCLA and NYU. Michaels worked with Ali LeRoi and Chris Rock producing the television series Everybody Hates Chris for four seasons and has now joined the production team at Supernatural for the 2009 - 2012 seasons.
Born in Hove, Sussex, Quilter was a younger son of Sir William Quilter, 1st Baronet, who was a noted art collector. Quilter was educated at Eton College, later becoming a fellow-student of Percy Grainger, Cyril Scott and Henry Balfour Gardiner at the Hoch Conservatory in Frankfurt. He belonged to the Frankfurt Group, a circle of composers who studied at the Hoch Conservatory in the late 1890s. His reputation in England rests largely on his songs and on his light music for orchestra, such as his Children's Overture, with its interwoven nursery rhyme tunes, and a suite of music for the play Where the Rainbow Ends. He is noted as an influence on several English composers, including Peter Warlock.
Alvin Hellerstein was the co-head of the Litigation Department at Stroock & Stroock & Lavan LLP. He received his LL.B. from Columbia Law School, where he was an editor of the Columbia Law Review, and served in the United States Army Judge Advocate General's Corps from 1959 to 1960.
Charles Denham was graduated with a B.M.S. and M.D. from the University of Alberta. He completed his medical residency in radiation oncology at Baylor College of Medicine. Denham began his career as a radiation oncologist in Austin, Texas. He founded both the HCC Corporation (HCC) and TMIT in 1984. HCC is a commercial technology, service, and product incubator that has developed or supported more than 400 healthcare solutions. It incubates healthcare solutions ranging from individual products and start-up Health Information Technology companies to entire business divisions for global Fortune 10 companies. Through its National Research Test Bed of more than 3 out of 5 U.S. hospitals, TMIT drives acceleration of patient safety practices that target national standards. It has co-funded and co-led the development of the National Quality Forum's 2006, 2009, and 2010 Safe Practices for Better Healthcare. These national standards established a consensus program defined by the U.S. Congress and are now used by U.S. healthcare organizations.
Kailee Wong (born May 23, 1976 in Eugene, Oregon) is a former linebacker in the National Football League. Wong was recruited by Bill Walsh, and subsequently played collegiately as an All-American at Stanford University. He attended North Eugene High School. When Walsh recruited Wong, the stipulation being that he would not have to play offense, despite being a record-setting fullback at the high school level.
Captain Thomas McClelland was born in Louisville, KY. He is a graduate of Southern Illinois University. He earned his Officer Commission through the Aviation Officer Candidate Program in January 1966 and was designated a Naval Aviator in April 1967. He attended the Naval War College and later earned a Master's Degree in Business Administration from New Mexico Highlands University .
Michael J. Streit (born 1950) is an attorney and judge from Johnston, Iowa. Born in Sheldon, Iowa, he received his bachelor's degree from the University of Iowa in 1972. In 1975, he graduated from the University of San Diego School of Law. He then practiced law in Chariton until 1983. He also served as assistant Lucas County attorney and Lucas County attorney before being appointed as a district court judge in 1983. Justice Streit was appointed to the Court of Appeals in 1996, and appointed to the Iowa Supreme Court in 2001. He was ousted from the Iowa Supreme Court in 2010 by failing to win a retention vote, after a national campaign in protest of the unanimous decision in Varnum v. Brien,, which struck down a statutory same-sex marriage ban as unconstitutional.
Lurlene McDaniel (born 1944 in Manitoba, Canada) is an author who has written more than 70 young adult books. She is well-known for writing about young adults struggling with mortality and chronic illness, a career that began as a therapeutic way to deal with the trauma when her son, then 3, was diagnosed with juvenile diabetes. Her characters have grappled with cancer, diabetes, organ failure, and the deaths of loved ones through disease or suicide. She is a graduate of the University of South Florida - Tampa and currently resides in Tennessee.
After graduation from Gonzaga College High School, Brad attended the Rochester Institute of Technology and earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Packaging Science but had also minored in Marketing and his true passion, Music. During high school and primarily in college, Brad began experimenting with creating beats and instrumentals. He started crafting beats for vocalists to utilize, but put a stronger focus on creating music that did not necessarily have to be accompanied by vocal talent.
His father was the Te Ati Awa leader Sir Ralph Love. Love attended Wellington College and attended university part-time.
Brandon Bird is an artist. He was born in 1980 in Carmichael, California, a suburb of Sacramento. He attended University of California, Santa Cruz and was an artist-in-residence from 2004-2006 at Risley Residential College at Cornell University. His most common medium is oil paints on canvas, but he has shown the ability to work with a multiplicity of artistic genres, including pen and ink and digital mediums.
Marc Femenella, an alumnus of the Savannah College of Art and Design, works as a film/television editor. He has worked on shows for the TLC, Discovery, Bravo, and Style networks.
Mescheloff's semikhah bears the signature of Rabbi Moshe Soloveitchik, who was the Rosh yeshiva of RIETS during the 1930s. Mescheloff was one of thirteen rabbis ordained in America by Moshe Soloveitchik. The semicha of Mescheloff's older son, Efrom, was signed by Soloveitchik's son, Rabbi Joseph Dov Soloveitchik, who followed his father as Rosh Yeshiva of RIETS. Mescheloff's younger son, David, received his semicha from the Hebrew Theological College of Skokie, where a younger son of Soloveitchik's, Rabbi Ahron Soloveichik, then the Rosh Yeshiva, signed his semikhah.
Rickie Calvin Harris (born May 15, 1943 in St. Louis, Missouri) is a former American football defensive back in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins and the New England Patriots. He played college football at the University of Arizona.
Yechiam Weitz is the grandson of Yosef Weitz, director of the Land and Afforestation Department of the Jewish National Fund. Weitz obtained his B.A. in history and philosophy in 1977, and his M.A. in history in 1982, from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. He obtained his PhD in 1988, also from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, on the topic of ``The Attitude of Mapai Towards the Destruction of European Jewry 1939-1945,'' supervised by Yisrael Gutman.
Christopher Rahere Webb (1886-1966) was an English stained glass designer. His unusual second name was derived from that of the founder of St Bartholomew's Priory in London where his father, Sir Aston Webb carried out some important restoration work. Webb was educated at Rugby School and at the Slade School of Art and then articled to Sir Ninian Comper. His glass work is among the finest of the first half of the 20th century and Sheffield is fortunate to have no less than sixteen examples of his mature work dating from 1935 to 1948 at Sheffield Cathedral. Among these are the unique series on the history of Sheffield in the Chapter House. Webb's signature is a Saint Christopher with his initials, usually placed in the bottom right hand corner of the window. Characteristics of his style are accuracy of historical detail, his ability to convey basic theological ideas with clarity, the prominence of clear glass and his use of scrolls and foliage.
Michael Persinger was born in Jacksonville, Florida and grew up primarily in Virginia, Maryland and Wisconsin. He attended Carroll College from 1963 to 1964, and graduated from the University of Wisconsin-- Madison in 1967. He then obtained an M.A. in physiological psychology from the University of Tennessee and a Ph.D. from the University of Manitoba in 1971.
William Tempest (born 19 December 1985) is a British fashion designer from Cheshire, England. He studied a National Diploma in Fashion at Mid Cheshire College. He then worked for Giles Deacon whilst studying at London College of Fashion where he gained a first class honours degree in womenswear design and then moved to Paris to work for Jean-Charles de Castelbajac before returning to London to set up his own label.
John Glad (born December 31, 1941) is an American academic who specializes in the literature and politics of exile, especially Russian literature. Glad has written about Nazi Germany, World War II and the Holocaust. He received his Ph.D. degree from New York University, and is a retired professor of Russian studies, having taught at Rutgers University, the University of Chicago, the University of Iowa, and the University of Maryland. He is also the former Director of the Kennan Institute for Advanced Russian Studies in the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars, in Washington, D.C., and a Guggenheim Grant recipient. He has written for The Jewish Press, Mankind Quarterly and The Occidental Quarterly.
Edward Belbruno (born 1951 in Heidelberg, Germany) is a mathematician whose interests are in celestial mechanics, dynamical systems, dynamical astronomy, and aerospace engineering. Belbruno received his Associate Degree from Mitchell College, his Bachelor of Science degree in mathematics from New York University and his PhD in mathematics from New York University's Courant Institute in 1981, where his mentor was mathematician Jürgen Moser. He was employed by the Jet Propulsion Laboratory from 1985 to 1990 as an orbital analyst on such missions as Galileo, Magellan, Cassini, Ulysses, Mars Observer, and others.
Mwata Bowden (b. Memphis, Tennessee, United States, October 11, 1947, is an American jazz reeds player associated with the Association for the Advancement of Creative Musicians and an instructor in improvisational Jazz at the University of Chicago. He is part of a group known as 8 bold souls but also frequently engages in collaborations with Tatsu Aoki, and helped establish the Miyumi Project which was a blend of music with different ethnic backgrounds, highlighting contributions from Japanese taiko drumming in the framework of jazz music.
He was born in Newcastle, New Brunswick, the son of John Sievewright. He was educated at the University of New Brunswick. He was principal of a high school in Sydney, Nova Scotia and of a seminary in Newcastle. He served as secretary for the school board and then secretary-treasurer for the county. Sievewright ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the provincial assembly in 1878.
Gaylyn Studlar is a professor of film studies, specializing in theory, particularly working with issues of gender and orientalism in Hollywood cinema. She is well-known for her refutation of Laura Mulvey's seminal essay ``Visual Pleasure and Narrative Cinema,'' arguing that spectators often derive masochistic, rather than sadistic, pleasures. She has also authored and has edited four anthologies: John Ford Made Westerns, Visions of the East, , and . She currently serves as the David May Distinguished University Professor at Washington University in St. Louis, chairing the department in Film and Media Studies. She has previously taught at Emory University, the University of Michigan and the University of North Texas. Studlar earned a Ph.D. in cinema studies from the University of Southern California, where she had previously received a master of music in cello performance.
Vali was born in 1949 in Mahabad, Iranian Kurdistan. He received his primary and secondary education in Tabriz. He obtained a BA in Political Science from the National University of Iran in 1973. He then moved to the UK to continue his graduate studies in modern political and social theory. He obtained an MA in Politics from the University of Keele in 1976. He then received his PhD in Sociology from the University of London in 1983. This was followed by a post-doctoral research fellowship funded by the Economic and Social Research Council in 1984. Abbas Vali began his academic carrier in 1986 in the Department of Political Theory and Government at the University of Wales, Swansea. He was invited by the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) to establish and lead a new university in Erbil in 2005. He was the Vice-Chancellor of the University of Kurdistan before he was removed for disagreements with the KRG over the management of the university in May 2008. Professor Vali has since been teaching Modern Social and Political Theory in the Department of Sociology at Bogazici University in Istanbul.
Joe Whitt, Jr. (born in Auburn, Alabama) is currently the cornerbacks coach of the Green Bay Packers. After the majority of the defensive coaching staff was fired after a disappointing 2008 season, He was one of only two defensive coaches retained by the Packers. He was then officially announced by the Packers that he was promoted from his defensive quality control position to his current cornerbacks coach on February 3 of 2009 after speculation by the media. Whitt, Jr. has also spent time with the Atlanta Falcons in 2007 as an Assistant Defensive Backs coach. Whitt attended Auburn High School, graduating in 1997, and was a walk-on wide receiver for the Auburn University Tigers football team the following season before earning a scholarship. When an injury ended his playing career, Whitt became a student assistant at Auburn University. After completing a degree in communications in 2001, Whitt was hired as wide receivers coach at The Citadel, before moving on to become cornerbacks coach and recruiting coordinator at the University of Louisville under head coach Bobby Petrino in 2003. In 2006, Whitt moved with Petrino to the Falcons.
Harvey Locke (full name Gerald Timothy Harvey Locke) was born in 1959 to Ralphine Locke (née Harvey) and Dr. Gerald Lorne Locke, in Calgary, Alberta. His family counts among Southern Alberta's earliest European settlers and has been in the Bow Valley since the early 1870s. He grew up in southern Alberta where he attended the Strathcona-Tweedsmuir School in Dewinton, Alberta. In 1976, he spent a year in College Wildhorn, in Anzere, Switzerland. Back in Calgary, he first obtained a Bachelor of Arts in French and later a Bachelor of Laws in 1984 (with silver medal) from the University of Calgary. He was a lawyer and partner at a law firm in Calgary for 14 years and served as volunteer president of both Canadian Parks and Wilderness Society (CPAWS) and at the Alberta Liberal Party. In 1999, Harvey became a full time conservationist dedicated to national parks, wilderness, large landscape and connectivity conservation and climate change. He is married to Marie-Eve Marchand and has two sons by a previous marriage.
Art McLarney was born on December 20, 1908 in Port Townsend, Washington to Edward, and Margret McLarney, both of New York, and Irish American. Edward McLarney was a soldier in the United States Army, and later in life a clerk. Art McLarney had four siblings; brothers Douglas, Ralph, and Felix; and sister Ethel. By 1930, Art McLarney was living with his sister, Ethel. In 1930, Art McLarney enrolled at Washington State University in Pullman, Washington. While in college, he played basketball and baseball. As a member of the baseball team, he was a two-time letter winner (1930, 1932). During the 1931 baseball season, he batted.320 with 15 runs scored, and 32 hits in 100 at-bats. During the 1931--32 basketball season, McLarney was selected to the Pacific Coast Conference all-star second team.
As a child, Thompson was home-schooled at the Lindisfarne Association, a thinktank and retreat founded by his father, William Irwin Thompson. In 1977, Thompson met Chilean phenomenologist Francisco Varela when Varela attended a Lindisfarne conference which was organized by Thompson and Gregory Bateson. Thompson received a Ph.D. in Philosophy from the University of Toronto in 1990 and an A.B. in Asian Studies from Amherst College in 1983.
Danielle Doty born in 1993 in Harlingen, Texas is Miss Teen USA 2011. Doty was crowned by Miss Teen USA 2010 winner Kamie Crawford. Doty will now move into the Trump Tower in New York with Miss USA 2011 Alyssa Campanella and Miss Universe 2010 Ximena Navarrete. She is a student at Baylor University in Waco, Texas.
After high school he attended the University of California, Riverside and majored in Biology. Yu Tsai has also participated in national-wildlife conservation research with the National Geographic Research group.
Mary Brooks Picken was an influential American author of numerous books on needlework, sewing, and textile arts. Born in Aug. 6 1886, she founded the Women's Institute of Domestic Arts and Sciences in Scranton, PA. A fashion expert and author, Picken was an authority on dress, fabric, design, and sewing. She taught ``Economics of Fashion'' at Columbia University and was one of the five founding directors of the Costume Institute. She was the first woman to be named a trustee of the Fashion Institute of Technology.
Steve Maich is the editor of Canadian Business and was appointed to the position in July 2009. He was previously a business columnist at Maclean's magazine. His articles focus primarily on business and public policy. He graduated from St. Robert Catholic High School in Thornhill, Ontario in 1993.
Miss Hall's School was founded in 1898 by Mira Hinsdale Hall, a graduate of Smith College.
A native of Spokane, Washington, Rochelle Huppin graduated from the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) in 1984 with a Bachelor of Arts in Literature and Languages. She also holds a B.S. from the University of Judaism in Los Angeles. She subsequently attended the Culinary Institute of America in Hyde Parke, New York. Huppin graduated from the CIA with honors in 1987, with an advanced degree in Culinary Arts and went on to specialize in pastry. Rochelle co-wrote the pastry menu and oversaw the pastry chef at the now defunct Beacon Restaurant in Culver City. She was one of the general partners of Beacon with Kazuto Matsusaka & Vicki Fan. Rochelle is the Founder and President of Chefwear, a company that produces contemporary and traditional chef clothing. Rochelle is a former Board Member of Food. Huppin currently serves on the Board of Directors of Women Chefs and Restaurateurs. She is the President-Elect of the organization and will begin her presidency in the fall of 2011.
Homer H. Dubs, like many of the founders of American Sinology, had his introduction to the subject as the child of missionary parents in China. Born in Deerfield, Illinois, he spent his childhood in Hunan. He studied briefly at Oberlin College and then graduated from Yale University (1914) with a major in philosophy. Subsequently, he earned an A.M. in philosophy at Columbia University and a B.D. at Union Theological Seminary in the City of New York. He returned to China as a missionary, studying Chinese in Nanjing before moving on to work in Hunan. Returning from China, Dubs earned a Ph.D. at the University of Chicago in philosophy (1925) with a dissertation on the Chinese philosopher Xun Zi (Hsün-tzu) that he would publish in two volumes. After receiving his degree, Dubs taught philosophy, first at University of Minnesota (1925--27) and then at Marshall College (1927--34).
William Dwight Whitney was born in Northampton, Massachusetts on February 9, 1827. His father was Josiah Dwight Whitney (1786--1869) of the New England Dwight family. His mother was Sarah Williston (1800--1833). He entered Williams College at fifteen, graduating in 1845. He continued studying and worked at a bank in Northampton for several years, then assisted his older brother Josiah Whitney on a geological survey of the Lake Superior region in 1849. For three years, he studied Sanskrit in Germany, and gained wide reputation for his scholarship in the field. At Yale, he became professor of Sanskrit in 1854, adding comparative philology in 1869. He also taught modern languages at the Sheffield Scientific School. He served as secretary to the American Oriental Society from 1857 until he became its president in 1884. He died at his home, on Whitney Avenue, on June 7, 1897
Sheehan was born on November 17, 1987 in Cincinnati, Ohio to parents Dale and Rosalyn Sheehan. His father played football at Wooster. Tyler Sheehan attended La Salle High School, where he was a three-year letterwinner on the football team. As a senior in 2005, he was named the team's most valuable player and the conference Quarterback of the Year. He was also named an all-conference, honorable mention all-city, all-district, and All-Southwest Ohio player. Sheehan also played baseball for two seasons. A Scout.com two-star prospect, he was not highly-recruited and received a scholarship offer only from Bowling Green.
Petero Mataca (born at Cawaci, on Ovalau Island, 28 April 1933) is the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Suva, Fiji. After his education at St. John's College, Cawaci, he was ordained as a priest on 20 December 1959. He became a Bishop on 3 December 1974 when he was appointed Titular Bishop of Siminina and Auxiliary Bishop of Suva; following his appointment as a Bishop, he was officially ordained to that position the same year. On 10 April 1976, he was appointed Archbishop of Suva.
Born in Nairobi, Kenya, Ali S. Asani is Professor of Indo-Muslim and Islamic Religion and Cultures and Associate Director of Prince Alwaleed bin Talal Islamic Studies Program at Harvard University. After completing his high school education in Kenya, he attended Harvard College, with a concentration in the Comparative Study of Religion, graduating summa cum laude in 1977. He continued his graduate work at Harvard in the Department of Near Eastern Languages and Civilizations (NELC), receiving his Ph.D. in 1984. Prof. Asani holds a joint appointment between the Committee on the Study of Religion and NELC. He also serves on the faculty of the Departments of Sanskrit and Indian Studies and African and African-American Studies. He has taught at Harvard since 1983, offering instruction in a variety of languages such as Urdu/Hindi, Sindhi, Gujarati and Swahili as well as courses on various aspects of the Islamic tradition. Besides his various language courses, he teaches Foreign Cultures 70: Understanding Islam and Contemporary Muslim Societies; Culture and Belief 12: For the Love of God and His Prophet: Religion, Literature and the Arts in Muslim Cultures; Religion 1802: An introduction to Islamic mysticism: the Sufi tradition; Religion 1820: Islam in South Asia: Religion, Culture and Identity in South Asian Muslim Societies; Freshman Seminar 37y: Muslim Voices in Contemporary World Literatures. He currently directs NELC's doctoral program in Indo-Muslim Culture.
Justus Doolittle was born in Rutland, New York on June 23, 1824. In 1846 he graduated from Hamilton College, and in 1849 from Auburn Theological Seminary. Having deliberately chosen China as his field of labor, he sailed for Fuhchau with his wife soon after graduation, and arrived there on May 31. In February, 1864, he left China for a visit to the United States on account of his health. In 1872 he entered the service of the Presbyterian Board at Shanghai, but was soon compelled to return home disabled. On June 15, 1880, he died in Clinton, New York.
Richard Ingoldsby was the second son of Sir Richard Ingoldsby K.B. of Lenborough in Buckinghamshire and Elizabeth (née Cromwell). Her father was Sir Oliver Cromwell of Hinchingbrooke, Huntingdon, the godfather of Oliver Cromwell the Lord Protector. This meant that Ingoldsby was a cousin of the Lord Protector. He was educated at Lord Williams's School in Thame.
Timothy Rhea attended high school in DeKalb, TX, graduating from DeKalb High School in 1983. Rhea received a Bachelor of Music Education with honors from the University of Arkansas, privately studying conducting under Eldon A. Janzen. Timothy Rhea continued his education in music by earning a Master of Music in Wind Conducting from Texas Tech University. While at Texas Tech, he studied with James Sudduth, served as an assistant conductor for the University Symphonic Band, and served as a graduate assistant director and musical arranger for the Texas Tech University Goin' Band from Raiderland. In May 1999, Timothy Rhea received his Doctor of Musical Arts in Wind Conducting and Composition from the University of Houston.
Listed in the Who is Who in the East 1986/7 he was born in 1933 on Java, then the Dutch East Indies, grandson of Prof. Guillaume Frédéric Rochat (see Guillaume Frédéric Rochat 1876-1965) and son of Dr. Guillaume Frédéric Rochat and attorney-at-law Bertha Rochat. Gui Rochat was educated at the Latin and Greek Gymnasium school in Zwolle, The Netherlands from 1946 to 1953, after which he entered the Dutch navy in the training program for reserve lieutenant. Following a short unsuccessful spell of being a cadet in the Dutch Naval Academy he entered Groningen University in the Netherlands 1956 as a student in Medicine. This not being a career he desired, his parents who were living then in Iran, sent him to the American University of Beirut, Lebanon where he graduated in 1960 with a major in Experimental Psychology. This enabled him to continue his graduate studies at Indiana University where he met (now divorced) wife Katherine McCollum. They have one child Alexandra Eddings.
Glaze was born in Denver, Colorado, and was recruited by Dartmouth College after displaying his skill in two sports. He played football at the University of Colorado in the 1901 season under coach Fred Folsom, a Dartmouth alumnus who became that school's coach in 1903. Glaze enrolled at Dartmouth in 1902, being followed there by his younger brother, John. Under Folsom, he played a notable role in the school's first-ever football victory over Harvard in 1903, a game in which Harvard dedicated its new stadium. In 1905, Glaze was named an All-American as an end by Walter Camp, even though at 5'8`` and 153 pounds he was the smallest player on Dartmouth's team that year. Glaze also played baseball at Dartmouth, and pitched a no-hitter against Columbia.
Lynne Abraham was born and raised in Philadelphia and educated in its public schools. She studied at Temple University for her undergraduate degree and also received her Juris Doctor from Temple University Beasley School of Law. She was married to Frank Ford until his death in March 2009.
In 1561, Anne de Marquets attended the Colloquy at Poissy, an event which would influence her poetry. Following the colloquy, she wrote several poems and prayers in verse for Catholic leaders. This first collection of poems, entitled Sonets, prières et devises, was published in 1562, and dedicated to Charles, Cardinal of Lorraine.
Kyle Visser (born October 19, 1985) was a center on the Wake Forest men's basketball team from 2003-04 to 2006-07. He graduated from Forest Hills Central High School. He was considered by ESPN to be the nation's most improved college basketball player after having scored 466 points during his senior season, which was more than his previous three seasons combined. Visser ranked seventh in the ACC in scoring at 17.3 ppg, and ranked second in the league in field goal shooting percentage (.593). He was the only player in the entire conference to rank in the top ten in scoring, rebounding, field goal percentage, and blocks.
Makarand Paranjape was born in 1960 in Ahmedabad, Gujarat. He was educated at the Bishop Cotton Boys' School, Bangalore, followed by B.A. (Hons.) in English from St. Stephen's College, University of Delhi in 1980. Thereafter he joined the University of Illinois at Urbana-- Champaign, from where he first did M.A. in English in 1983, and subsequently his Ph.D in English in 1985 on the topic ``Mysticism in Indian English Poetry''.
Swanton was born in Forest Hill, London. His father was a stockbroker. He claimed to have attended a cricket match at which W. G. Grace scored a century while a baby in his pram. He attended Cranleigh School, and became a journalist. He started at the Amalgamated Press, but began to write for the London Evening Standard at the age of 27. He also played three county cricket matches for Middlesex County Cricket Club in 1937 and 1938, all against university sides. He did not distinguish himself, scoring only 67 runs in 5 first-class innings. He was also President of Sandwich Town Cricket Club, somewhat curiously he is labelled as having served the role for ``25 years from 1976'' although he died in January 2000.
Tomas Andersson was born and raised in Luleå, Sweden. In the early nineties Andersson moved to Stockholm where he attended Stockholm University majoring in Law. During this time he began his career as a musician, playing at various indie clubs of Stockholm. Among his first music cooperations were The Submarine Prophets, a psychedelic space pop group, who released a 12`` EP 'Dive' in 1990, and Subcode, a minimal techno group. Initially Andersson started out organizing parties and working as a DJ. He then turned to producing music using an Amiga computer and a number of vintage Synthesizers.
Jenny Pat is a Chinese-Japanese Canadian television personality, an international art dealer, and a visual artist. She is a television presenter and Canadian actress affiliated with Fairchild TV. Studied in Maryknoll Convent School (Hong Kong), and Prince of Wales Secondary School (Vancouver), she graduated from the University of British Columbia (Vancouver) in Asian Art History. Her first television appearance was at the age of 4, on a Hong Kong local kids program with TVB. While in Vancouver, Jenny Pat starred in numerous television and stage productions. She auditioned to become a television presenter for Fairchild TV in 1998 and became an on-air weather reporter shortly after. Two years later, Fairchild Television producers invited her to host their longest running program, ``What's On (熒幕八爪娛)''.
Campbell was born in Southsea, Hampshire on 15 June 1912. As a young boy he was influenced by his father, an army officer, birds-nester and egg-collector who later became the army's Inspector of Physical Training. After his education at Winchester College he studied at the University of Edinburgh where he obtained his Bachelor of Science degree in forestry. In 1938 he married Margaret Gibson-Hill, a writer by herself, with whom he had two sons and one daughter. From 1936 to 1948 he was teacher and university lecturer. In 1948 Campbell became secretary at the British Trust for Ornithology. He worked 10 years for this organization, serving on the panel of the Wildlife Collection in collaboration with Julian Huxley. From April 1959 to 1962 he spent as senior producer at the BBC Natural History Unit at Bristol. Bruce Campbell died on 9 January 1993 in Witney, Oxfordshire.
Peter Pezzelli is an author from Narragansett, Rhode Island, who is best known for writing five novels. He lives with his wife, two children and their dog in Rhode Island where, most days, he is busy at work on his next novel. Born and raised in Rhode Island, Peter Pezzelli grew up in the town of North Providence. A graduate of La Salle Academy, he completed a year of prep school at Phillips Academy Andover before attending Wesleyan University where he earned a bachelors degree in English.
Elisabeth Scholl was the first girl to sing with the boys choir Kiedricher Chorbuben. From 1982 to 1987 she sang the role of the First Boy in Mozart's Die Zauberflöte at the Hessisches Staatstheater Wiesbaden. After her Abitur she studied musicology, English studies and history of art at the Johannes Gutenberg-Universität Mainz and took private singing lessons with Eduard Wollitz. She continued her studies at the Schola Cantorum Basiliensis with René Jacobs und Richard Levitt and attended master classes with Ingrid Bjoner, Helmut Deutsch, Luisa Bosabalian, Ileana Cotrubas and Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau. She has collaborated with ensembles such as Freiburger Barockorchester, Akademie für Alte Musik Berlin, Concerto Köln, and Cantus Cölln.
Anis Sayigh was born in 1931 in Tiberias, Palestine to a Syrian Father and a Lebanese-Palestinian mother. His father was an Anglican minister. After the 1948 Arab-Israeli War, his family fled to Sidon, Lebanon where he went to high school. Sayigh studied political science at the American University of Beirut and received his bachelor's degree in 1953. After graduating, he wrote for Al-Hayat newspaper and Arab Week, and published his first book Lubnan at-Ta'ifi (Sectarian Lebanon). He received his PhD from the University of Cambridge in political science and Arab history, and later taught at Cambridge in the Oriental Studies department. He returned to Beirut in 1964 and edited the Engish-Arabic dictionary. In 1966, Sayigh met Ahmad Shukeiri, head of the Palestine Liberation Organization, and promoted the idea of establishing a Palestinian encyclopedia, and was appointed as the head of the PLO's Palestine Research Center succeeding his brother Fayez Sayigh. He died in an Amman hospital on December 25, 2009.
In addition to continuing her career as a writer, Chong serves on the boards, task forces, and committees of several organizations including the Task Force on the Participation of Visible Minorities in the Federal Public Service, the National Advisory Board on Culture Online, and the McGill Institute for the Study of Canada. Denise Chong lives in Ottawa, Ontario, with her husband, CTV reporter Roger Smith, and her two children, Jade and Kai. She received honorary doctorates from York University in October 2007, Bishop's University, and the University of Northern British Columbia.
Roger Corless studied at King's College London (B.D., 1961) and the University of Wisconsin-- Madison (Ph.D., Buddhist Studies, 1973). His special interests were Pure Land Buddhism, Christian Spirituality, and Buddhist-Christian Dialogue.
His later work includes buildings at his alma mater, Syracuse University (notably the focal point of the campus plan, the Hendricks Chapel, designed with John Russell Pope), and the pedestal for V. Renzo Baldi's statue of Columbus in the city's Columbus Circle.
Matt Bowen is an American musician from Omaha, Nebraska. He attended Westside High School in Omaha, Nebraska. Bowen played in The Faint, Commander Venus, Magic Kiss (with future members of Tilly And The Wall), Race For Titles, and briefly in the live version of Fizzle Like A Flood. He currently drums in the power-pop quintet, The Third Men.
Beatrix Christian graduated from National Institute of Dramatic Art in 1991, and her first play, ``Spumante Romantica'', was produced the next year by the Griffin Theatre in Sydney. Her 1994 play, Blue Murder performed at both Belvoir St Theatre and Eureka Theatre, won the Sydney Theatre of Critics`` circle award for the best new play. She was also nominated for both an Australian Writers Guild and NSW Premiere's Literary Award for her 1997 play, The Governor's Family. The following year she won the Australian National Playwright's Conference New Dramatists`` Award.
Temsula Ao was born in October 1945 at Jorhat, Assam. She matriculated from Ridgeway Girls' High School, Golaghat, Assam. She received her B.A with Distinction from Fazl Ali College, Mokokchung, Nagaland. She received her M.A in English from Gauhati University, Assam. From Central Institute of English and Foreign Languages (presently English and Foreign Languages University,) Hyderabad she received her Post Graduate Diploma in the Teaching of English and Ph.D from NEHU. From 1992-97 she served as Director, North East Zone Cultural Centre, Dimapur on Deputation from NEHU, and was Fulbright Fellow to University of Minnesota 1985-86. She received the honorary Padma Shri Award in 2007. She is the recipient of the Governor's Gold Medal 2009 from the government of Meghalaya. She is widely respected as one of the major literary voices in English to emerge from Northeast India along with Mitra Phukan and Mamang Dai.
Rick Ray graduated with a degree in film from the University of California at Santa Barbara in 1981. He apprenticed on the television show Ripley's Believe it or Not! for two years. At one time he served as chauffeur to Jack Palance. He then spent several years traveling around the world with only a backpack, camera and notebook.
Whigham was born in Tallahassee, Florida, in 1969 to attorney Frank and school librarian Beth, moving to Lake Mary when he was five years old. He attended Tyler Junior College (Tyler, Texas) and after completing studies there, transferred to the State University of New York at Purchase, where he was part of a small acting program with only 31 students and a graduating class of eight seniors. After graduating, he co-founded New York City theatre troupe The Rorschach Group with his college roommate Kirk Acevedo; he was actor and artistic director with the troupe for three years.
He received his BFA in sculpture from the Kansas City Art Institute in 1991. He studied under professor Dale Eldred. In 2000 he received an MFA from the University of New Orleans.
Andrew Bloxam was born at Rugby, Warwickshire, on 22 September 1801. He was the fourth son of Rev. Richard Rouse Bloxam, who was a schoolmaster at Rugby School, and Ann(e) Lawrence, who was the sister of the painter Sir Thomas Lawrence. He was educated at Rugby School from 1809 and Worcester College, Oxford from 1820.
Gerald Fink (born 1 July 1940 - ) is an American biologist, who was Director of the Whitehead Institute at MIT from 1990-2001. He graduated from Amherst College in 1962 and received a Ph.D. from Yale University in 1965. He then taught at Cornell University where he became a Professor of Genetics. In 1982 he became a member of the Whitehead Institute and Professor of Genetics at MIT. Dr. Fink was elected to the United States National Academy of Sciences in 1981, to the Institute of Medicine in 1996, and to the American Philosophical Society in 2003.
Glynnis Talken Campbell (born in California) is a romance author, composer, musician and voiceover artist, and is married to bass guitarist Richard Campbell. Glynnis Campbell studied music at California State University, Chico. Her first romantic novel, My Champion, was nominated for a Romance Writers of America's RITA award for Best First Book, and in 2009 was awarded ``Book Buyers Best'' Historical Romance for her novel ``Danger's Kiss'' written under the pen name Sarah McKerrigan.
Charlie White grew up in Philadelphia, with one parent living in NYC. White attended CAPA, the high school for Creative and Performing Arts, in Philadelphia. Later, while a student at School of Visual Arts in New York, White worked as an assistant to artists Laurie Simmons and Carroll Dunham and studied with Marilyn Minter. After graduating from SVA, White moved to Los Angeles in 1996 to attend Art Center College of Design, where he studied with artists Steven Prina and Christopher Williams, and received his MFA in 1998. While a student, White created the project Femalien, a pornographic pictorial that was published in CHERI magazine. The magazine was sold at an exhibition at the Andrea Rosen Gallery in November/December of 1996.
The native language of the Nunamiut is a dialect of the Inupiaq language. In the late 1960s, University of California, Berkeley undergraduate linguistics student (now Arctic explorer) Dennis Schmitt was sent by Noam Chomsky to the Nunamiut to study their dialect. There are few native speakers today.
James Finch is a Panama City, Florida-born businessman. He is the owner of Phoenix Construction, a construction company that specializes in airport construction, and the Phoenix Racing team in NASCAR. They field the #1 Chevrolet driven by Landon Cassill and Jamie McMurray in the Nationwide Series and the #51 Chevrolet driven by Landon Cassill in the Sprint Cup Series. He is a graduate of Bay High School.
Kathy was born in Newport News, Virginia, to Larry and Ann Wallace. She grew up in Yorktown, Virginia, with three siblings: Emily, Ellen, and Rob. She attended Tabb High School in Yorktown, Virginia. She then attended Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah, where she received a B.A. in Humanities in 1994. Later she attended Stanford University and received a masters degree in film journalism.
Brian Asawa began his studies as a piano major at the University of California, Santa Cruz, ultimately switching his studies to singing under tenor Harlan Hokin. After two semesters there he transferred to UCLA where he studied under Virginia Fox and Kari Windingstad. In 1989 he began a masters degree in early-music interpretation at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles where he was a pupil of the British lutanist James Tyler. However, Asawa never finished this program as his performance career began to take off.
Robert Garfias (born 1932) is a figure in ethnomusicology and musicology. He is a professor of Anthropology and a member of ((Social Dynamics The Social Dynamics and Complexity Group)) at the University of California, Irvine as well as a professor at the Japanese National Museum of Ethnology in Senri, Osaka. He completed his doctorate at University of California, Los Angeles and taught at the University of Washington where he established the graduate program in ethnomusicology before coming to University of California, Irvine. He has conducted research on the analysis of complex music systems, including the Turkish Ottoman Classical system, Japanese court music and many other musical traditions in which he is fluent as a musical performer, linguist, and archivist. He has also written on The Role of Dreams and Spirit Possession in the Mbira Dza Vadzimu Music of the Shona People of Zimbabwe. Complexity in the domain of expressive culture, music, and the social organization of complex musical traditions is one of his major specialties.
Josef Hirsch Dunner was born in Cologne, Germany on 4 January 1913, and named after his grandfather's oldest brother, a former Chief Rabbi of Holland. His father was Boruch Chaim Dunner. He completed his rabbinical studies at the Hildesheimer Rabbinical Seminary (Rabbiner Seminar für das Orthodoxe Judenthum) in Berlin under Rabbi Yechiel Yaakov Weinberg, author of Seridei Eish, in 1936.
Zayed Hassan was involved with music since his childhood. He used to play guitar and eventually he started playing bass guitar, grand piano, table, flute and 24 oriental instruments. He performed for the first time on stage with his band as lead guitarist, at the age of 15. He finished his secondary school on 2005 from Rajuk Uttara Model College and his higher secondary studies on 2007 from Notre Dame College (Dhaka). Then he enrolled himself in Ahsanullah University of Science and Technology to finish his bachelor in Business Administration. Meanwhile he was awarded Erasmus Mundus Students Grant to study International Business in University of Santiago de Compostela, as an exchange student. He also had a photography exhibition in Spain, during this period.
Herman Alerding was born in Westphalia and, during his infancy, came with his parents to the United States, where they settled in Newport, Kentucky. He received his early education at the parochial school of Corpus Christi Church. His local bishop, George Aloysius Carrell, did not accept him as a seminarian for the Diocese of Covington because he was unable to provide for his seminary expenses, and Alerding was instead accepted by Bishop Jacques-Maurice De Saint Palais of the Diocese of Vincennes. He attended St. Charles Borromeo Seminary near Vincennes from 1858 until 1859, when the seminary was closed. He then studied at St. Thomas Seminary in Bardstown, Kentucky, for a year before returning to Indiana in 1860 and entering St. Meinrad Seminary in Spencer County. At the seminary he mentored student Paul Dresser and taught him to play a variety of musical instruments. Dresser later became among the most popular composers in the United States and authored the state song of Indiana.
Robert K. Merton was born on July 4, 1910, in Philadelphia as Meyer Robert Schkolnick in a family of Yiddish speaking Russian Jews that had emigrated to the United States in 1904. His mother was Ida Rasovskaya, an ``unsynagogued'' socialist who had freethinking radical sympathies. His father was Aaron Schkolnickoff, officially identified at his port of entry in the United states as Harrie Skolnik, tailor and Hebrew. Many of Merton's childhood experiences formed a basis for his theory of social structure, particularly the reference group. He attended South Philadelphia High School. As a high school student, he became a frequent visitor of nearby cultural and educational venues including Andrew Carnegie Library, The Academy of Music, Central Library, and Museum of Arts. He adopted the name Robert K. Merton initially as a stage name for his magician performances. In 1994, Merton stated that growing up in South Philadelphia provided young people with, ``every sort of capital--social capital, cultural capital, human capital, and, above all, what we may call public capital--that is, with every sort of capital except the personally financial.'' passage is from R. K. Merton's ``A Life of Learning,'' which is reprinted in R. K. Merton, 1996. On Social Structure and Science, edited by P. Sztompka. Chicago: University of Chicago Press, pages 339-359. The passage cited is from page 346.
John Lynch was born in Co. Monaghan in Clones, Co. Monaghan, Ireland, son of James and Anne Lynch, and was religious at a very young age. He attended Castleknock College and College of St. Lazare, Paris. After his studies, Lynch entered the church as Priest of Congregation of the Mission and preached in Blackrock, County Dublin.
He spent 1944--1946 in Canada. At the University of Edinburgh from 1953 to 1979 he was Tait Professor of Mathematical Physics, creating the Tait Institute of Mathematical Physics in 1955. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1956 and won its Hughes Medal in 1966. Nicholas Kemmer was also a mentor and a teacher of the only Pakistani Nobel laureate, Dr. Abdus Salam. Kemmer is credited to trained and work with Salam in Neutron scattering by using relativity equations. Salam later passed his research work to Pakistani physics students who went on to contribute in this field.
John Covel was born at Horningsheath, Suffolk, the son of William Covel. He was educated at Bury St Edmunds school and Christ's College, Cambridge, where he was made a fellow in 1659. In 1670 he went to Constantinople as Chaplain to the Levant Company. For a time he was in sole charge of the embassy there. He travelled widely in Asia Minor and described the buildings and plants which he saw. He purchased a lot of Greek manuscripts (like codex 65, 110, 321, 322, ℓ 150). After his return and a period as Chaplain to the Princess of Orange in The Hague, he was elected the 15th Master of Christ's in 1688, a position he held until 1723. In his later years he developed the study of fossils.
Henry Hitchcock was born in Burlington, Vermont in 1792. He was the grandson of General Ethan Allen, leader of the Green Mountain Boys and hero of Ticonderoga, and the son of Judge Samuel Hitchcock. He attended Middlebury College for a while and then graduated from the University of Vermont in 1811. While studying law, he cultivated a small farm in order to provide for the needs of his family. He became a member of the bar in 1815 and handled several important lawsuits before leaving Burlington for the lure of what was then called the Southwest. He traveled by flat boat down the Ohio and Mississippi rivers, eventually arriving in Mobile on January 22, 1816, after a brief stay in Natchez.
Jon Macht (born March 21, 1960 in Hagerstown, Maryland) is an American film and television writer, producer, director and entertainment entrepreneur. Macht was born to Stanley and Naomi Macht, a radiologist and housewife, respectively. He attended North Hagerstown High School, and went on to attend both the University of Virginia where he graduated in 1982 with a degree in communications and the University of Southern California Graduate School of Cinema-Television from 1982-1985.
Sidney John Watson (May 4, 1932 -- April 25, 2004) was an American football player and college ice hockey coach. He played halfback in the National Football League for the Pittsburgh Steelers and Washington Redskins. He played college football at Northeastern University. He was also the head hockey coach at Bowdoin College from 1960 to 1983. In 2001, Watson was awarded the prestigious Hobey Baker Legends of College Hockey Award.
Sharon attended Palatka High School in Palatka, Florida and was a letterman in football, basketball, and track and field. In football, as a senior, he made 25 receptions for 600 yards (24.0 yards per reception avg.), and was a second team All-State selection. In track & field, he set the school record in the triple jump with a jump of 47 feet and 7 inches. Charles Sharon graduated from Palatka High School in 2001.
George Russell Drysdale was born in Bognor Regis, Sussex, England, to an Anglo-Australian pastoralist family, which settled in Melbourne, Australia in 1923. Drysdale was educated at Geelong Grammar School. He had poor eyesight all his life, and was virtually blind in his left eye from age 17 due to a detached retina.
Paula Risikko is Doctor of Science (Health Care) in 1997 from the University of Tampere. Her dissertation was entitled ``The current and future quality requirement in nursery''. Risikko has received Honorary Doctorate from the University of Vaasa.
Born in Norwich, Connecticut, the son of Eliza (née Coit) and mill owner William Charles Gilman, a descendant of Edward Gilman, one of the first settlers of Exeter, New Hampshire, Daniel Coit Gilman graduated from Yale College in 1852 with a degree in geography. At Yale he was a classmate of Andrew Dickson White, who would later serve as first president of Cornell University. The two were members of the Skull and Bones secret society, and traveled to Europe together after graduation and remained lifelong friends. Gilman would later co-found the Russell Trust Association, the foundation behind Skull and Bones. After serving as attaché of the United States legation at St. Petersburg, Russia from 1853 to 1855, he returned to Yale and was active in planning and raising funds for the founding of Sheffield Scientific School. Gilman contemplated going into the ministry, and even took out a license to preach, but later settled on a career in education.
A native of Westfield, New Jersey, Einhorn graduated from Westfield High School, where he was an editor of the student newspaper Hi's Eye. He attended Johns Hopkins University. In 1992 he started the Untitled Theater Company #61 in New York (co-founded with his older brother David Einhorn, who has produced plays for the company). With that company, Edward Einhorn has directed T. S. Eliot's Sweeney Agonistes, Eugene Ionesco's The Bald Soprano, Dennis Potter's Brimstone and Treacle, and Richard Foreman's My Head Was a Sledgehammer among other works. He has staged a festival of the complete plays of Eugene Ionesco, a festival of the complete plays of Václav Havel, a calypso musical adaptation of Kurt Vonnegut's Cat's Cradle, an adaptation of Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep, and a ``NEUROfest'' of plays on aspects of neurology. Off-Broadway, he directed Fairy Tales of the Absurd, a trilogy of one-act plays, two by Ionesco and one (One Head Too Many) by himself.
Douglas C. Aagard is an American politician from Utah. A Republican, he is a member of the Utah State House, representing the state's 15th house district in Kaysville. Aagard received his bachelor's degree from Brigham Young University.
Don Lee (born 1959) is an American novelist who spent his childhood in Tokyo and Seoul as the son of a State Department officer. He received his B.A. in English Literature from University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) and his M.F.A. in Creative Writing from Emerson College. He has also served as the primary editor of the literary journal Ploughshares for 17 years. Lee's earlier work have appeared in GQ, New England Review, American Short Fiction, Kenyon Review, and Glimmer Train, with Voir Dire anthologized in Charlie Chan is Dead 2. He has also received fellowships from the Massachusetts Cultural Council and the St. Botolph Club Foundation.
Jerry C. Lee (b. November 21, 1941) was the sixth president of Gallaudet University, later becoming the Chancellor of National University. He received a BA from West Virginia Wesleyan College in 1963 where he studied history and psychology and was interested in sports and business, then earned both an MA (1975) and an EdD (1977) from Virginia Polytechnic Institute & State University (Washington Dulles International Airport program). He had been enrolled in the West Virginia Graduate School of Industrial Relations from 1963 to 1964, but did not obtain a graduate degree, then studied for two years at the University of Baltimore School of Law from 1967 to 1969, but did not earn a J.D. degree In 1986 he was a member of the Board of Directors of the Deafness Research Foundation.
Andrea Catherwood was born and raised in Belfast where her mother, 'Adrienne McGuill', was an announcer and newsreader at Ulster Television from 1959 to 1969, and also presented 'The Romper Room', from 1964 to 1969 as 'Miss Adrienne'. Adrienne Catherwood was awarded an MBE in 2004 for her work with the charity Action Medical Research. Andrea was educated at Strathearn School in Belfast. Andrea's broadcasting career began aged 16, when she joined the BBC in Belfast as a co-presenter of a youth current affairs programme for which she won BBC Northern Ireland's Young Presenter of the Year award. The following year she co-presented the youth current affairs programme ``Up Front''. Aged 18 Catherwood made a documentary for BBC Radio 4 about the 18 years of troubles in Northern Ireland,
Sonya Clark (b. 1967, Washington, D.C.) is an American artist and chair of the Craft/Material Studies Department at Virginia Commonwealth University in Richmond, VA. Previously, she was Baldwin-Bascom Professor of Creative Arts at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison. Clark received degrees from Amherst College, the School of the Art Institute of Chicago, and Cranbrook Academy of Art. She graduated from the Sidwell Friends School in 1985. She is known for expanding the definition of fiber art by exploring the use of combs and imagery of hair references and hairstyles in her work. She has exhibited artwork at the Museum of Arts and Design in New York, NY and the Walters Art Museum in Baltimore, MD among many other venues. Her Beaded Prayers Project has been exhibited in multiple venues including the Newark Museum and the Queens Library in Jamaica, NY. She has taught at Haystack Mountain School of Crafts on several occasions and served on the Board from 2000 to 2009. Clark is a recipient of many awards including a Pollock Krasner Award in 2006. In 2011 she was named a Fellow by United States Artists.
Mike Stutzel (born February 28, 1979 in Victoria, British Columbia) is a Canadian ice hockey player, currently playing for the Edinburgh Capitals in the Elite Ice Hockey League. He played 9 games for the Phoenix Coyotes in 2003--04. He also played 13 games in Finland's SM-liiga for Tappara. Before turning pro, he played hockey at Northern Michigan University in Marquette, Michigan from 1999 - 2003 where he scored 27 regular season goals his senior year.
Husted was born into a political family in Peekskill, New York, the son of James W. Husted (1833--1892) and his wife. His father was then a member of the New York State Assembly, and several times in later years was elected Speaker of the Assembly. The junior Husted attended private schools, the Peekskill Military Academy, and Cutler's School, New York City. He was graduated from Phillips Academy, Andover, Massachusetts. He graduated in 1888 from Yale University in 1892, where he was a member of Skull and Bones, and in 1894 from the New York Law School.
Paula Froelich is a native of Cincinnati, OH. She was born October 30, 1972. She attended Walnut Hills High School and was a member of the class of 1991. She went on to study at Emory University in Atlanta, GA.
Eric Hipple received a bachelor's of science in Business Administration from the Jon M. Huntsman School of Business at Utah State University.
Julianne Potter (Julia Roberts), a 27-year-old New York restaurant critic, receives a call from her longtime friend Michael O'Neil (Dermot Mulroney). In college, the two made an agreement that if neither of them were married by the time they turned 28, they would marry each other. Three weeks before her 28th birthday, Michael tells her that in four days, he will marry Kimberly Wallace (Cameron Diaz), a 20-year-old University of Chicago student from a wealthy family.
Loren Dean Jovicic was born in Las Vegas, Nevada. His mother worked as a family and marriage counselor and his father was in the clothing business. His parents divorced when he was a small child. His mother won custody of Loren, and the family moved to Los Angeles, California. When visiting his father, the two often went to the movies--which Dean says led to his love of film. His childhood was a difficult one, and he ran away from home when he was 16 years old. He graduated from Santa Monica High School in Santa Monica, California in 1986.
Leo J. Enright (born March 18, 1955) is an Irish radio broadcaster and news reporter. He is currently Chairman of the Irish Government's science awareness programme, Discover Science & Engineering. He is a member of the Board of Governors of the School of Cosmic Physicsat the Dublin Institute for Advanced Studies. Leo Enright was born in London, but considers Dublin his home town. He was educated at St. Fintan's High School, Sutton and University College Dublin. As a Fellow of the World Press Institute, he studied American history, economics and culture at Macalester College, in St. Paul, Minnesota.
Wallace P. Carson, Jr. was born June 10, 1934, and raised in Salem, Oregon where his grandfather had started a law firm in 1889. He graduated from Salem High School (now North Salem High School) in 1952. Wallace graduated from Stanford University in Palo Alto, California with a bachelor of arts (B.A.) in 1956 where he was a brother of Phi Delta Theta. At Stanford he was in the Reserve Officer Training Corps (ROTC), which lead to a commission in the United States Air Force. Carson, Jr. then enrolled in Willamette University's law school, graduating with his juris doctorate (J.D.) in 1962.
William Morris (born July 25, 1957) is an American glass artist. He was born in Carmel, California, USA. He was educated at California State University, Chico, California and Central Washington University, Ellensburg, Washington. Early in his career he was a gaffer for Dale Chihuly. He has developed his work in collaboration with artists like Ross Richmond, Karen Willenbrink-Johnsen, Jon Ormbrek, Rik Allen, Randy Walker and Trumaine Mason.
John DeFazio was born and raised in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania where he also received a Fine Arts and Design degree from Carnegie Mellon University. Upon graduation from Carnegie Mellon he traveled to Los Angeles and attended the University of Southern California where he received a Masters of Fine Arts in Film Production before settling in Korea Town, just shy of Hollywood.
Andrew Sugerman is an American film producer. He attended the University of Rochester and subsequently the NYU - Tisch School of the Arts. Andrew began his career in television commercials and educational films in New York, then moved to Los Angeles, where he now resides, to work in theatrical feature films.
Benjamin Kurtz (b. in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, 28 February 1795; d. in Baltimore, Maryland, 29 December 1865. Kurtz was educated privately, and began his studies in Harrisburg Academy, and at the age of fifteen was an assistant teacher there. At the age of eighteen he began the study of theology at Lebanon, Pennsylvania, in 1815 he was licensed to preach, and immediately received a call as assistant to his uncle, John Daniel Kurtz, who was then pastor at Baltimore. He was then pastor at Hagerstown, Maryland for sixteen years, and from 1831 to 1833 at Chambersburg, Pennsylvania. Retiring from the active duties of the ministry in 1833, owing to failing health, he took charge of the Lutheran Observer, a post which he held for nearly thirty years. In 1838 he received the degree of D. D. from Washington College in Washington, Pennsylvania (now Washington & Jefferson College), and in 1858 that of LL. D. from Wittenberg College, Springfield, Ohio.
Bernard D. Rostker was educated at New York University, receiving a B.S. in 1964. While in college, he participated in the Reserve Officers' Training Corps, graduating as a Distinguished Military Graduate and being commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in the United States Army Reserve. He next attended Syracuse University, earning an M.A. and then a Ph.D. in Economics.
James V. Aukerman was born 6 May 1948 in South Kingstown, Rhode Island to Robert C. and Louise Aukerman. He graduated from South Kingstown High School in 1966 as class president. He earned the rank of Eagle Scout in 1962 in Kingston, Rhode Island. He earned a Bachelor of Arts degree with distinction at Dartmouth College in 1970, and attended Suffolk University School of Law graduating with a Juris Doctor degree in 1975. Aukerman is a practicing attorney and member of the Rhode Island and American Bar Associations.
John Bradshaw Crandell was born in Glens Falls, New York in 1896, son of Hubert Lee and Vira (Mills) Crandell. Hubert's grandfather, born Peter Crandall, thought ``the better way to spell the last name was Crandell instead of the original spelling used by the immigrant ancestor, Elder John Crandall. Crandell attended classes at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago but did not graduate. Instead he enrolled in Wesleyan University and again did not graduate. His 1918 World War I draft registration card noted he was a student. The twelfth general catalog of the Psi Upsilon fraternity lists him under the Xi Chapter for the year 1919 (from Wesleyan).
Randell Mills graduated from Harvard Medical School, and studied biotechnology and electrical engineering at MIT., and a degree in Chemistry from Franklin & Marshall College in 1982.. Mills claims that Blacklight's power source ``represents a boundless form of new primary energy'', and says that he ``thinks it's going to replace all forms of fuel in the world.'' .
Wichmann von Seeburg (c. 1115 -- 25 August 1192) was the Bishop of Naumburg (Zeitz) from 1150 until 1154 and Archbishop of Magdeburg from 1152 until his death. He was the son of Gero, Count of Seeburg. During his long career, he was an unflappable supporter of Frederick Barbarossa against Pope Alexander III and an implacable military leader against the emperor's foes in the northeast, especially Henry the Lion. Wichmann studied theology at the University of Paris before becoming a canon in Halberstadt. He was made Bishop of Zeitz-Naumburg in 1150 and was quickly appointed to the archdiocese of Magdeburg by the newly-crowned Frederick Barbarossa in 1152. He immediately endeavoured to extend his diocese and its economy; he actively promoted trade within the cities. In 1157, he teamed with Albert the Bear to Germanise the cities of Brandenburg and Jüterbog, whose vicinity he conquered and granted to the Cistercian monastery of Zinna in 1180.
Frans van der Hoff was born in 1939 in a disciplined farming family in Southern Netherlands. He became politically active early on in student movements during his studies at Radboud University Nijmegen. He later received a Ph.D. in political economy and another one in theology while studying in Germany. In 1970, van der Hoff moved to Santiago de Chile to work in the barrios as a worker-priest. During the 1973 coup, van der Hoff moved to Mexico to continue his work in the slums of Mexico City. Seven years later, he moved to Oaxaca in the Southern part of Mexico. As a worker-priest, he quickly integrated the community and started to learn about the misery and economic hardship of local coffee producers. In 1981, he participates in the launch of UCIRI (Union de Comunidades Indigenas de la Region del Istmo), a coffee producer cooperative created to bypass local traders (also called coyotes) and pool resources.
Chris Dold (born May 26, 1987) is a Canadian sailor from Oakville, Ontario. He is currently a five-time Canadian Sailing National Team member campaigning for the 2012 Olympics in London. In 2008, he won the US National Championships and the North American Grand Prix in the Laser (dinghy) class. In 2009, he won the North American Championship and then the Canadian Championship in 2010. His current standing is 21st in the world at the Perth 2011 ISAF Sailing World Championship. He has a Civil Engineering degree from Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario.
Matthew J. Blit was born the eldest of two sons in Brooklyn, New York and grew up in the neighborhood of Mill Basin where he attended South Shore High School. His father is a Cuban-American and his mother is of English and Romanian descent. Blit received his Bachelor of Arts Degree from Saint John's University in 1997. In 2000, Blit graduated from St. John's University School of Law, earning the degree of Juris Doctor.
Bess attended Skyline High School in Oakland, California and was a student and a letter-man in football, basketball, and baseball. In football, he was a first team All-City wide receiver as a junior. As a senior, he led his team to the League Championship and was a second team All-City quarterback. Davone Bess graduated from Skyline High School in 2003.
Maureen Taylor is a Canadian television and radio personality. She graduated from Ryerson University, in 1983, with a degree in journalism. Taylor first worked for the CBC as a reporter based in Windsor, Ontario. She also worked in CBC Television and CBC Radio in Ottawa, Toronto and Regina, Saskatchewan. She has won ACTRA as well as Canadian Nurses Association awards. Taylor received a Gemini Award nomination for her reporting work on CBC News The National. She is formerly host of TVOntario's More to Life.
Jia Hongsheng, graduated from the Central Academy of Drama in Beijing in 1989, gains fame in the late 80s and early 90s as an actor in films such as The Case of the Silver Snake and A Woman from North Shaanxi. During rehearsal for a stageplay titled Kiss of the Spider Woman (also directed by Zhang Yang) in the fall of 1992, Jia first comes into contact with marijuana and subsequently becomes addicted and even experiments occasionally with heroin. In 1995, after filming Weekend Lover, Jia quits acting completely and lives off his younger sister Wang Tong. An avid fan of The Beatles, Jia listens to their music obsessively and begins to imagine himself as the son of John Lennon.
The most successful player at the World Snooker Championship was Joe Davis, who won fifteen titles between 1927 and 1946 and with this also holds the most consecutive titles won. The record in the modern era is held by Stephen Hendry, who won the title between 1990 and 1999 seven times. The current champion is John Higgins, who has won the title four times.
According to Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) Special Patrol Group officer John Weir, the group had engaged in providing weapons for the UVF Mid-Ulster Brigade, which was commanded from 1975 to the early 1990s by Robin Jackson. Jackson had taken over as leader when the brigade's founder, Billy Hanna was shot to death outside his home in Lurgan; the killing was allegedly perpetrated by Jackson. Weir alleged that he personally received weapons from Down Orange Welfare which he then handed over to the Mid-Ulster Brigade. He also claimed that Chief Superintendent Harry Breen was a member of the group. Weir was convicted in 1980 of the murder of Catholic chemist William Strathearn which had taken place in 1977.
Mark Vishik is a member of the Russian Academy of Sciences (since 1990) and the Italian Academy of Sciences (since 1994). In 2001 he received an Honorary Doctorate from the Free University of Berlin.
Martin Lohse began his education at the Musical Science Institute in Copenhagen (1990--92). In 1995 he was admitted to the Royal Danish Academy of Music, Copenhagen, where he studied composition and music theory as a pupil of Hans Abrahamsen and Niels Rosing-Schow. In 2000 he started a postgraduate course in composition and in 2004 he had his debut from the Royal Academy of Music. In 2003, he received the 3-year Grant from The Danish Arts Foundation. Besides composing acoustic and electro acoustic music, he does abstract paintings -- usually with a clash of disintegration and pure and clear colours.
Johnson was born on 13 June 1782 on John's Island, South Carolina, near Charleston and was educated at home in Georgetown, South Carolina by his mother and by private tutors. His mother was of the Particular Baptist faith, believing that only some would be saved. As a child he met President George Washington and Dr. Richard Furman, pastor of the First Baptist Church Charleston, who made a great impression on him. He attended Brown University, receiving a degree in 1804. He had intended to become a lawyer, but was converted during a Baptist revival in 1804, and devoted the rest of his life to Christian service. He married Henrietta Hornby in 1803. One of their eight children who reached maturity, Francis C. Johnson, became a Southern Baptist missionary to China in 1846.
Charles Newman (May 27, 1939 - March 15, 2006) was an American novelist and critic. Newman authored several experimental novels including White Jazz (1984), The Promisekeeper: A Tephramancy (1971), A Child's History of America (1973), New Axis (1968), and The Post-Modern Aura: The Act of Fiction in an Age of Inflation (1985) and his work has been compared to William S. Burroughs and Thomas Pynchon. Newman was an instructor at Northwestern University between 1964 and 1975 where he edited TriQuarterly. He later became a professor of English at Washington University in St. Louis where he taught since 1985.
Willie Miller is an urbanist based in Glasgow, Scotland. He is Principal of Willie Miller Urban Design (WMUD), one of Scotland's foremost urban design practices, having established the firm in 1996. Miller studied at Glasgow School of Art, then at the Scott Sutherland School of Architecture and The Built Environment in Aberdeen, and was Assistant Director of Planning at Monklands District Council, prior to establishing WMUD.
London was born and raised in New York City, of Sicilian descent on her mother's side and Jewish descent on her father's. Her stepmother, Victoria, is a romance novelist. Her mother, Joy, worked as a venture capitalist, and her father, Herbert London, is the president emeritus of the Hudson Institute. ``We don't see eye to eye on that much politically,'' she acknowledges, but ``he did instill a certain sense of propriety and right and wrong in me, which plays into my fashion sensibility.'' She also acknowledged him as ``the best father in the world.'' She received her B.A. from Vassar College with a double major in 20th-century philosophy and German literature, and was a member of Phi Beta Kappa. It was during a summer internship in Paris in Christian Dior's PR department that she took a serious interest in pursuing a career in the fashion industry.
Justin Tussing is an American writer. Tussing was a graduate of the University of Iowa's Writer's Workshop, where he held a Teaching/Writing Fellowship. He later became a Fellow at the Fine Arts Work Center in Provincetown, Massachusetts. His first published stories were ``The Artificial Cloud,'' published in TriQuarterly (later reprinted in The Year's Best Fantasy and Horror: Fourteenth Annual Collection), and ``The Tiny Man,'' published in Third Coast; both stories appeared in the spring of 2000.
Martin J. Klein (M. J. Klein) (June 25, 1924 -- March 28, 2009) was a science historian of 19th and 20th century physics. At Yale University, he was the Eugene Higgins emeritus professor of the history of physics and an emeritus professor of physics. He was elected to the Académie Internationale d'Histoire des Sciences (1971), the National Academy of Sciences (1977) and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences (1979).
Jorge Urosa was born in Caracas to Luis Manuel Urosa Joud and Ligia Savino del Castillo de Urosa. He studied humanities at Colegio De La Salle Tienda Honda, and philosophy at the Interdiocesan Seminary of Caracas. From 1962 to 1965, he studied theology at St. Augustine's Seminary in Toronto.
Geoffrey de Groen was born in Brisbane, Queensland, his father's Dutch antecedents having emigrated to Australia in 1858. He grew up in Sydney and studied at the Julian Ashton Art School and the North Sydney Technical College, completing his studies at the East Sydney Technical College (now the National Art School) in 1965, under the mentorship of painter and critic Wallace Thornton. In the mid-sixties Geoffrey de Groen married playwright Alma de Groen. They separated about ten years later, and have a daughter, film scholar Nadine de Groen.
Andrew VanWyngarden was born in Columbia, Missouri, and grew up in Memphis, Tennessee, where he attended Lausanne Collegiate School and White Station High School. His father Bruce VanWyngarden is the editor of the alternative newspaper Memphis Flyer. Andrew fondly remembered his childhood years in Memphis, especially fishing and camping with his dad. ``I've always really liked nature and the ocean. My friends and I would go out with nets and make little aquariums with the creatures we'd find,'' he said.
Carbajal converted from Catholicism to Protestantism in 1826 and was baptized in the Reformed Baptist Church of Lexington. It was at this church that Carbajal heard theologian Alexander Campbell of Bethany, Virginia. Campbell enrolled Carbajal in Bethany College, and Carbajal roomed in the Campbell home for the next two years.
Denise Holt grew up in Russia, Japan, Lebanon, Netherlands, Iran and Bulgaria. She was educated at New Hall School, Chelmsford, and Bristol University where she studied Spanish, French and Politics.
Charles Buckman Goring (1870--1919) was a pioneer in criminology. He was educated at the University of London, receiving his B.Sc. in 1895 and his M.D. in 1903. In 1893, he was awarded the John Stuart Mill Studentship in Philosophy of Mind and Logic, and four years later was elected a Fellow of Uni- versity College. From 1902 until his death in 1919, he was employed as medical officer in various English prisons. Under the sponsorship of the British government, Goring, Assisted by other prison medical officers, as well as Karl Pearson and his staff at the Biometrics Laboratory, collected and analysed data bearing upon 96 traits of each of over 3,000 English convicts.
Sir John Ernest Buttery Hotson, KCSI, OBE, VD (17 March 1877 -- 13 May 1944) was an administrator in India during the British Raj. Born in Glasgow to Hamilton and Margaret (Maggie) Hotson, he was educated at Edinburgh Academy (1889--1895) and Magdalen College, Oxford, graduating BA in 1899, and MA (1905). He immediately joined the Indian Civil Service, being appointed Superintendent of Managed Estates in Kathiawar. His entire career was devoted to the administration of the province known as the Bombay Presidency. Subsequent positions included Under-Secretary to the Government of Bombay (Political and Judicial Departments), 1907; Collector, 1920; Secretary of the Political Department, 1922; Chief Secretary to the Government, 1924; Member of the Executive Council (MEC) of Bombay, 1926--31; and rising to become Home Member and Acting Governor of Bombay, 1931. He was appointed OBE on 3 June 1918, Companion of the Most Exalted Order of the Star of India (CSI) in the New Year Honours, 1926, and elevated to Knight Commander (KCSI) in 1930.
Charles O. Jones (born 1931) is Non-Resident Senior Fellow at the Miller Center of Public Affairs at the University of Virginia. He is a graduate of the University of South Dakota and the University of Wisconsin-Madison. He has been a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and a Guggenheim fellow. He is a leading scholar of American politics.
Victor Gold grew up in New Orleans, Louisiana, where he attended New Orleans public schools and Tulane University. After his graduation from Tulane he worked as a reporter-correspondent for the Birmingham News (Birmingham, Alabama) before entering law school at the University of Alabama, where he received a law degree. He served in the U.S. Army during the Korean War.
Alanna Schepartz was born on January 9, 1962 in New York City and was raised in Rego Park, Queens. She graduated from Forest Hills High School in 1978. After receiving a B.S degree in Chemistry from the State University of New York-Albany in 1982, Alanna carried out graduate work at Columbia University under the supervision of Ronald Breslow. Following postdoctoral work with Peter Dervan at the California Institute of Technology, she joined the faculty at Yale University in July of 1988.
Charles de Lorme, Delorme, d'lorm, or De l'Orme (1584--1678), was a medical doctor. Charles was the son of Jean Delorme (a professor at Montpellier University), who was the primary doctor to Marie de' Medici. This ultimately opened doors for Charles' medical career soon after he graduated from the University of Montpellier in 1607 at the age of 23. He first came to Paris after graduation to practice medicine under the watchful eye of his father, until he was ready to practice as a regular doctor on his own. There are no records of his marriages, except that he married for the third time at the age of 78. This wife died within a year.
Bruckner was born in Conifer, Colorado. She has an older sister named Annye R. Bruckner, who is now in her twenties. Bruckner and her family moved to California. Amy graduated from Athens Academy in Athens, Georgia and is currently attending New York University.
Phipps was born on 19 May 1744, the eldest son of Constantine Phipps, 1st Baron Mulgrave and his wife, Lepell Phipps. Phipps studied at Eton College with Joseph Banks.
Tsai Shengbai (Traditional Chinese 蔡聲白: Simplified Chinese 蔡声白 Pinyin: Cài Shengbái); also known as: Tsai Hsiung (Chinese 蔡雄; Pinyin: Cài Xióng), (27 September 1894 -- 15 April 1977) was a pioneering Chinese industrialist. During 1915 to 1919, Tsai Shengbai studied at Lehigh University.
Jerry Herron is the dean of the Irvin D. Reid Honors College at Wayne State University. He was born in Abilene, Texas and received his PhD and MA from Indiana University and a BA from the University of Texas at Austin. He has written two books: Universities and the Myth of Cultural Decline and AfterCulture: Detroit and the Humiliation of History.
Harold Rubin was born in Johannesburg, South Africa on 13 May 1932. He attended the Jeppe High School for Boys and received private instruction in the fine arts. Instructed in the classical clarinet as a teenager, he developed a fascination with jazz and began playing at the Skyline Night Club at eighteen. Enrolled as an architecture student at the University of the Witwatersrand, he completed his professional studies after further education in London.
Sam Dubbin received his bachelors degree in economics, magna cum laude, from Harvard College in 1977. In 1981, he graduated cum laude from the University of Miami School of Law, where he received the Harvey T. Reid Scholarship and served as an editor of the Law Review. After law school, Dubbin clerked for the Honorable James Lawrence King, United States District Judge for the Southern District of Florida, from 1981--1982.
Ruthven was born in Ireland, the elder son of Major the Honourable Patrick Hore-Ruthven, only surviving son of the 1st Baron Gowrie and his wife Lady Gowrie. His mother was Pamela Margaret Fletcher (who later married Major Derek Cooper. His younger brother is Malise Ruthven. His father was killed in action in 1942, at which point he became his grandfather's heir apparent. When his grandfather was created Earl of Gowrie in 1945 he became known by the courtesy title Viscount Ruthven of Canberra. He was educated at Eton and Balliol College, Oxford, and later at Harvard University. He succeeded in the earldom of Gowrie on the death of his grandfather on 2 May 1955, and also succeeded his great-uncle (his grandfather's elder brother) the 10th Lord Ruthven of Freeland as 3rd Baron Ruthven of Gowrie on 16 April 1956 (the Scottish lordship of Ruthven of Freeland passed instead via the female line). Lord Gowrie inherited Castlemartin House and Estate at Kilcullen, County Kildare, Ireland, from his great-aunt Sheelagh Blacker in 1967, and later sold it to Tony O'Reilly.
Kristi Yamaguchi received the Inspiration Award at the 2008 Asian Excellence Awards. Two days after her Dancing with the Stars champion crowning, she received the 2008 Sonja Henie Award from the Professional Skaters Association. Among her other awards are the Thurman Munson Award, Women's Sports Foundation Flo Hyman Award, and the Great Sports Legends Award. She is also a member of the U.S. Olympic Committee Olympic Hall of Fame, World Skating Hall of Fame, and the US Figure Skating Hall of Fame.
Traian Stoianovich was a world renowned scholar of Balkan history and a member of the Jasenovac Research Institute's Advisory Board when he died after a long struggle with cancer. Of Serbian background, Stoianovich was born in 1920 in Graješnica, then part of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes, but grew up in Rochester, New York, after his parents brought him to America. At a time when it was difficult for working class people and immigrants to achieve higher education, he earned his undergraduate degree from the University of Rochester. After serving in the United States Army during World War II, he took a masters degree at New York University and received a doctorate from Université de Paris in 1952, where he became a major figure in the internationally influential Annales School of history.His doctoral mentor was Fernand Braudel.
He was born as Oton Zupančič in the village of Vinica in the Slovene region of White Carniola near the border with Croatia. His father Franc Zupančič (*1848-1927) was a wealthy village merchant, his mother Ana Malić (*1853-1935) was of Croatian origin. He attended high school in Novo Mesto and in Ljubljana. In the Carniolan capital, he initially frequented the circle of Catholic intellectuals around the social activist, author and politician Janez Evangelist Krek, but later turned to the freethinking circle of young Slovene modernist artists, among whom were Ivan Cankar, Dragotin Kette and Josip Murn. In 1896, he went to study history and geography at the University of Vienna. He stayed in Vienna until 1900, but never completed his studies. In the Austrian capital, he became acquainted with the contemporary currents in European art, especially the Viennese Secession and fin de siècle literature. He also met with Ruthenian students from eastern Galicia who introduced him to Ukrainian folk poetry, which had an important influence on Župančič's future poetic development.
Dave Nichols was a prominent musician in Houston, Texas particularly on the jazz scene between the years 1982 and 1996. Nichols was a freelance bassist and recording engineer/producer for many different artists in the Houston area. Nichols creative energy was expressed most prolifically in the band Stratus (US fusion jazz band) which recorded four CDs of original vituosity. Nichols was a respected bassist noted by peers and critics to be among the top in the country. He studied music at the University of St. Thomas in Houston. Dave Nichols died at the age of 33 after battling cancer. A group of Houston musicians completed a recording of Nichol's previously unrecorded original material just hours before his death; this was later released on a CD called ``Waltz of Hope''.
He was the son of Sir Egbert Cadbury, a World War I flying ace and managing director of Cadbury Brothers, the chocolate enterprise. He was educated at Leighton Park School, a Quaker school founded by his grandfather, George Cadbury and at Trinity College, Cambridge.
The family and its name stemmed from the Silesian village of Weizenrodau (``wheat uprooting''). Watzenrode was born in Thorn (Toruń), son of the merchant Lucas Watzenrode the Elder (1400--62). He studied at Jagiellonian University and at Cologne and Bologna.
A native of Baltimore, Maryland, she was born to Joseph and Mildred Marion Dawes Natwick. She graduated from the Bryn Mawr School in Baltimore. After graduating from Bennett College with a degree in theater arts, Mildred Natwick toured with a number of stage productions before her first Broadway production, ''Carry Nation''.
Heinrich Ambros Eckert, a German painter of battle-pieces, was born at Würzburg in 1807, and was at first instructed by Fessel. In 1825 he attended the Academy at Munich, and afterwards visited the Tyrol and France. Between 1835 and 1840. in conjunction with Monten and Schelver, he published a work upon the German federal army, with two hundred coloured lithographic plates; and another illustrating the return of the Russian troops to their homes. He died at Munich in 1840, while engaged upon a picture of the great review near that city before the Emperor of Russia. Besides genre subjects and battle-pieces he painted marine views.
Peter Behn was born on 4 July, 1934 in San Francisco, California to Harry Behn (1889-1973), a screenwriter and children's author, and his wife Alice Behn (nee Lawrence, 1905-1989). He had two other siblings: a brother named Prescott and a sister named Pamela. Behn's paternal grandfather Henry was German and his paternal grandmother Maren (nee Christensen) was Danish. His family lived in Arizona and Greenwich, Connecticut. Behn was educated at Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts, where he was a member of the school's swim team. After graduating, he went onto attend Yale University and serve two years in the United States Army.
Yasuhiro Konishi was born in 1893 in Takamatsu, Kagawa, Japan. His martial arts training began at the age of six, in Muso Ryu Jujitsu, which was followed by kendo when he was 13, and subsequently, Takenouchi-ryū Jujitsu, a style characterized by strong punches and kicks, similar to those later employed in karate. In 1915, he entered Keio University in Tokyo where he became captain of the school's kendo team.
Yasuhiro Konishi was born in 1893 in Takamatsu, Kagawa, Japan. His martial arts training began at the age of six, in Muso Ryu Jujitsu, which was followed by kendo when he was 13, and subsequently, Takenouchi-ryu Jujitsu, a style characterized by strong punches and kicks, similar to those later employed in karate. In 1915, he entered Keio University in Tokyo where he became captain of the school's kendo team. Konishi's first exposure to te (the art form which would later be developed into karate) was through a university classmate named Tsuneshige Arakaki, who was from Okinawa. Konishi found te techniques to be similar to those he had learned in Jujitsu, and although Arakaki was not a master instructor, Konishi was intrigued by the system. After graduating, Konishi entered the business world, but also continued coaching Keio University's kendo club. The life of a ``salary man'' was not fulfilling for him, however, and with the encouragement of his wife, Konishi quit his job in 1923, to open his own martial arts center. Naming his dojo the Ryobu-Kan (``The House of Martial Arts Excellence''), Sensei Konishi provided instruction in kendo and jujitsu.
Yasuhiro Konishi was born in 1893 in Takamatsu, Kagawa, Japan. His martial arts training began at the age of six, in Muso Ryu Jujitsu, which was followed by kendo when he was 13, and subsequently, Takenouchi-ryū Jujitsu, a style characterized by strong punches and kicks, similar to those later employed in karate. In 1915, he entered Keio University in Tokyo where he became captain of the school's kendo team. Konishi's first exposure to te (the art form which would later be developed into karate) was through a university classmate named Tsuneshige Arakaki, who was from Okinawa. Konishi found te techniques to be similar to those he had learned in Jujitsu, and although Arakaki was not a master instructor, Konishi was intrigued by the system. After graduating, Konishi entered the business world, but also continued coaching Keio University's kendo club. The life of a ``salary man'' was not fulfilling for him, however, and with the encouragement of his wife, Konishi quit his job in 1923, to open his own martial arts center. Naming his dojo the Ryobu-Kan (``The House of Martial Arts Excellence''), Sensei Konishi provided instruction in kendo and jujitsu.
He attended New York University's Film School and Juilliard School of Music. In 1997 he founded the Umoja Youth Project, the award winning youth gospel choir, and is the Founder and Producing Artistic Director of Three Lions Stage. Eddie Marrero appeared in of the NBC drama ``'' as Det. Ozily.
Yekaterina Chemberdzhi (Katia Tchemberdji or Jekaterina Wladimirowna Tschemberdschi) (b. 6 May 1960) is a Russian pianist and composer. She was born in Moscow and began her study of music at age 7. In 1978 she studied composition and piano at the Moscow Conservatory with Nikolai Korndorf and Yuri Cholopov.
Born in Okinawa she moved to California and then Yokohama. Her father is American of White and Amerindian descent, and her mother is Japanese. She was influenced by Namie Amuro, Alicia Keys and her father's favorite singer Janet Jackson. She graduated from Nile C. Kinnick High School in Yokosuka Naval Base, Japan. She majored in Sociology at Sophia University.
Loki der Quaeler is a research mathematician and musician; born Matthew Demsey in December, 1970, his name was legally changed in the early 1990s. He earned a Bachelor of Science from the University of Arizona in Pure (Comprehensive) Mathematics and later enrolled in a Master's program in Theoretical Physics at San Francisco State University.
Michael Clement received his BBA (magna cum laude) from Baruch College in 1980, his MBA from the University of Chicago in 1988, and his Ph.D. from Stanford University in 1997. Michael is also a KPMG Faculty Fellow in Accounting Education in the Department of Accounting.
Gunnar Johansson (born 1911, died 1998) was a Swedish psychophysicist. He was interested in motion perception in vision. He is most well known for his investigations of biological motion. He helped develop the rigidity assumption which posits that proximal stimuli that can be perceived as rigid objects are generally perceived as such. Johansson received his Ph.D. from the Stockholm University College in 1950, on the thesis Configurations in event perception. He was professor of psychology at Uppsala University from 1957 to 1977. In 1970, he was elected a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences.
Charles Frederick Kurfess (born February 1, 1930) is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives, serving as Speaker of the House for part of his career. He was first elected in 1956 to an at large district, and was elected eleven times following. Following his retirement from politics, he went on to serve as a judge on the Wood County Court of Common Pleas. He also worked under Presidents Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford. He earned his B.A. degree from Bowling Green State University where he was initiated as a member of Phi Kappa Tau and earned his J.D. degree from the Ohio State University Law School.
After moving back to Minnesota, Hall went to Washburn High School in Minneapolis where she was involved in many activities. The 1963 Washburn Yearbook says, ``Candy was a member of Blue Tri, Class Play, Poplars Staff, Quill Club, Forensics, Pep Club, and Hall of Fame'' Blue Tri club was an organization that encouraged Christian ideals and put together service projects. In addition, Camilla Hall was voted class clown in High School. In 1963, she graduated from Washburn High School.
From 1960 to 1965 Malcolm McFee attended Plaistow County Grammar School, which had previously produced film actor Terence Stamp. He was briefly the drummer in a band called The Abstracts with some schoolfriends before devoting himself to acting. In 1971 he married Margaret Kearnan, and they had a daughter, Victoria, in 1980.
William H. ``Bill'' Lennon is the Chairman and President of Lokring Technology LLC, a privately held international company located in Cleveland, Ohio. He is also the grandson of the late Fred A. Lennon, who was the founder of the Swagelok Company. Bill is a graduate of Denison University.
Marie Mendras was educated at the University of Essex, Sciences-Po University and Institut des Langues et Civilisations Orientales in Paris, SAIS-Johns Hopkins University, and Harvard University.
Jackie Devereaux is an American screenwriter, newspaper editor, television and radio reporter who worked primarily in Southern California and Las Vegas, Nevada. Devereaux graduated Magna Cum Laude from the University of California, San Diego with a bachelor's degree in Literature and Writing. She also was the co-founder and Editor-in-Chief of the Desert Valley Star, an alternative weekly newspaper serving the Palm Springs area. However, after a near-death experience from eosinophilic leukemina in November 2008, she was forced to resign from her position to recuperate. Devereaux moved to San Diego in July 2009 to seek alternative medical treatments and redirect her career to screenwriting.
Former American Idol contestant Ace Young graduated from the class of 1999. He participated in sports and choir. Chicago White Sox reliever Jesse Crain also graduated from the class of 1999. He played baseball, basketball and football and was named 1999 All-State and Colorado High School Player of the Year. Former NFL Tight End Dustin Lyman graduated Fairview in 1995. He played football and baseball at Wake Forest University, and went on to play five seasons for the Chicago Bears. Though she never directly attended Fairview High School, Jessica Biel was tutored at Fairview. Former Major League Baseball player Jay Howell graduated from Fairview High School in the 1970s. Actress Sheryl Lee was born in Germany but grew up in Boulder, and went on to appear as the dead Laura Palmer in the television show Twin Peaks. Former NBA player Tom Chambers played at Fairview High School in the 1970s. Former NFL All-Pro offensive lineman Tony Boselli graduated in 1990. Former Indianapolis Colts offensive lineman Kevin Call graduated in 1980. Patrick McCoy, a professional water polo player for the Croatian club Jadran SD, attended Fairview High School. TV Actress Sheree J. Wilson (Dallas, Walker -- Texas Ranger) graduated 1977. Sean Foreman, singer in the band 3OH! 3, graduated from Fairview High School and filmed one of the band's music videos in one of the Chemistry lecture halls as well as in the 800 hallway. Kevin Russo, 2002 Fairview graduate, is on the active roster for the New York Yankees. Poker pro Paul Wasicka, who played five sports at Fairview, placed 2nd at the 2006 World Series of Poker Main Event. Jeff Knapple, a Fairview High School 1974 graduate, was a Denver Broncos backup quarterback in 1980 and also played for the Denver Gold of the USFL.
Prince Charles is the son of the Duke who rules the principality. The Prince has been studying at the University of Paris for many years, and the Duke is delighted that he has returned, which will be celebrated by three days of festivities and a ball on the final day. Now that Charles is back, he starts to recall old memories he had of growing up there, including a small girl with unbearably sad eyes whom he saw crying when he was just a boy.
Born into a musical family, Ernst Wallfisch immigrated to Bucharest, Romania in 1926. He studied violin with Cecilia Nitzulescu-Lupu at the ((National University of Music Bucharest Bucharest
Sansom studied at the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology, (now RMIT University), from 1959 to 1964. He held his first solo exhibition in 1959 at Richman Gallery in Melbourne. He approached the internationally renowned Australian expressionist painter Arthur Boyd to open the exhibition and Boyd agreed. Boyd also purchased a painting from the show. After his studies at RMIT, two notable exhibitions were at South Yarra Gallery, in 1965 (from which the National Gallery of Victoria purchased the work, 'He Sees Himself'), and Gallery A, in 1966 (from which The National Collection - now Australian National Gallery - purchased the work 'Leaving that well known void'). In 1968 he painted 'The Great Democracy, a major early work where his influences can be readily discerned. (This painting is now in the collection of the Australian National Gallery, Canberra).
In June 2006, after speaking at the school's commencement ceremony, Colbert received an honorary Doctorate of Fine Arts degree from Knox College. Time named Stephen Colbert as one of the 100 most influential people in 2006 and in May 2006, New York magazine listed Colbert (and Jon Stewart) as one of its top dozen influential persons in media. Colbert was named Person of the Year by the U.S. Comedy Arts Festival in Aspen, Colorado on March 3, 2007 and was also given the Speaker of the Year Award by The Cross Examination Debate Association (CEDA) on March 24, 2007 for his ``drive to expose the rhetorical shortcomings of contemporary political discourse''.
Founded originally as Alexander Cooper and Associates by Alex Cooper in 1979, the firm has designed a number of significant planned communities, urban infill, and transit-oriented developments, including Battery Park City in New York and the new communities of Celebration, Florida, Watercolor, Florida and Val d'Europe outside Paris, France. Also known for architecture, open space design, and university campus planning, the firm's work includes a plan for the expansion of Harvard University's campus into Allston, Massachusetts, MOMA QNS, (the Museum of Modern Art's temporary home in Queens, New York), the New Albany Country Club in New Albany, Ohio outside Columbus, the new Columbia University School of Social Work building in Upper Manhattan, the Visitor Center at the Lewis Ginter Botanical Garden in Richmond, Virginia, the Framework for Campus Planning for Yale University, Zuccotti Park (a one block park adjacent to the World Trade Center site on Liberty Street in Lower Manhattan), and numerous houses, many of which are in the Hamptons on the East End of Long Island and in the Caribbean. Alex Cooper and Jaquelin T. Robertson attended Yale College and Yale School of Architecture during the same period and also worked together in the New York City Department of City Planning. When Robertson joined the firm in 1988, the firm changed its name to Cooper, Robertson & Partners.
He was born at Coton Clanford in Staffordshire, on 26 March 1659. He was born to a family long-established in Staffordshire, and was distantly related to Sir John Wollaston, the Alderman and Lord Mayor of London. At the age of ten, he began school at a Latin school newly opened in Shenstone, Staffordshire, and continued in country free schools until he was admitted to Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge, at the age of 15, in June 1674.
Francis Leo Lawrence was born in Woonsocket, Rhode Island, where he graduated from Mount St. Charles Academy in 1955. Lawrence earned his bachelor's degree from St. Louis University in French and Spanish in 1959. He was awarded an NDEA fellowship for graduate study and earned a Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) degree in French classical literature from Tulane University in 1962. Before his appointment as President of Rutgers University in 1990, Lawrence was Academic Vice President and Provost at Tulane University, where he had also served as Dean of Newcomb College and Dean of the Graduate School. He is married to Mary Kathryn Long Lawrence. They have four children and thirteen grandchildren.
Ruth Henshaw Bascom (1772--1848), the wife of Reverend Ezekial Lysander Bascom and daughter of Colonel William Henshaw and Phebe Swan, became America's premier portrait folk artist and pastelist, producing over one thousand portraits from 1789 to 1846. (Henshaw Street was named after her.) Eli Whitney, the man who invented the cotton gin and devised the idea of interchangeable parts, went to school at Leicester Academy, which eventually became Leicester High School. Ebenezer Adams, who would later be the first mathematics and natural philosophy professor at the Phillips Exeter Academy in New Hampshire, was the academic preceptor in Leicester in 1792. Leicester's Pliny Earle helped Samuel Slater build the first American mill in Pawtucket, Rhode Island, by building the first carding machine. This began the American Industrial Revolution. Leicester today is one of the most northernmost communities within the Blackstone River Valley, National Heritage Corridor. Its early role with carding machines, and the role that Pliny Earle played with the first water powered mill at Pawtucket, complete the case for inclusion on Leicester in this Federal NPS historic designation.
White was the fourth of seven children born in Atlanta to George W. White and Madeline Harrison. When White was born, George had graduated from Atlanta University and was a postal worker. Madeline had graduated from Clark University and became a teacher. They belonged to the influential First Congregational Church, founded after the Civil War by freedmen and the American Missionary Association, based in the North. Among the new middle class of blacks, both of the Whites ensured that Walter and each of their children got an education.
Berger was born on November 1, 1894 in East Cleveland, Ohio to Charles A. and Della E. of West Virginia, and Ohio, respectively. Charles A. Berger worked as a foreman at the local U.S. Naval Yard. Clarence Berger had one sibling, Howard S. Berger. During the spring of 1914, Clarence Berger graduated from the University of Richmond, where he played on the school's baseball team as an outfielder, and catcher.
Geoff Hutchison is a Western Australian journalist who presents the Morning programme on 720 ABC Perth. Born and raised in Perth, Hutchison briefly attended the University of Western Australia before winning a cadetship at the Geraldton Guardian newspaper. In 1982 Hutchison moved to Bunbury and joined the Golden West Network, where he presented the late night news. The following year he joined STW-9 in Perth as a sports reporter. In 1986 Hutchison moved to Europe and began a stint as a foreign correspondent for Nine.
Kemp was born in Youngstown, Ohio, the only son of a candymaker. He was raised by his grandmother, in a house by the local train yards. At the age of seventeen he left home to become a common seaman; after returning to the United States he traveled across the country by riding the rails as a hobo. He later attended the University of Kansas, and while a student he began publishing verse in newspapers and magazines. He spent much of his maturity traveling; he stayed in a number of planned communities for varying lengths of time, then wrote autobiographical novels about his experiences. Kemps Tramping on Life: An Autobiographical Narrative (1922) was one of the best selling ``tramp autobiographies'' of the 1900-1939 period. When not traveling he was a regular denizen of Greenwich Village in New York City and Provincetown on Cape Cod in Massachusetts, where he was associated with the Provincetown Players. There is a street named for him, Harry Kemp Way, in Provincetown. Harry Kemp was also known as the ``poet of the dunes.'' Kemp lived on and off in a shack in the dunes of Provincetown, Cape Cod for a period of about 40 years, and he died there in 1960. A 1934 Kemp poem titled, ``The Last Return,'' was written for the Coast Guard men who steadfastly worked to save the lives of those shipwrecked on Cape Cod's coast.
Beongcheon Yu is the translator of Natsume Sōseki's novel The Wayfarer and author of a critical study on Soseki. He has also written studies of Lafcadio Hearn. Yu was born in Korea in 1925. He attended the First Higher School in Tokyo,and received his BA from Seoul National University in 1948. He received his MA from the University of Kansas City in 1954 and his PhD from Brown University in 1958. Wrote an influential review of Melville's Moby Dick, titled ``Ishmael's Equal Eye: The Source of Balance in Moby-Dick.''
Brunonia Glacier () is a glacier which flows east to the head of Sunset Fjord in the Bay of Isles, South Georgia. It was charted in 1912--13 by American ornithologist and naturalist Robert Cushman Murphy, who visited South Georgia aboard the sealing brig Daisy of New Bedford, Massachusetts under Captain Benjamin D. Cleveland. Murphy named the glacier for his alma mater, Brown University, ``brunonia'' being a latinized form of its name.
Minnesota put its first women's team on the ice, in 1997-98 and Nadine Muzerall, a Canadian who graduated from Kimball Union Academy in Meriden, New Hampshire, was among its initial recruits.
Philbin was born in Manhattan, New York to Regis Philbin and Joy Philbin. She attended the University of Notre Dame in South Bend, Indiana. She says that, growing up, she always wanted to be a writer of some sort, but she particularly enjoyed writing scripts for amateur short films she made with her friends. While working on Saturday Night Live in January 1998, she met The Office writer Michael Schur, who had been hired also to write for the show. The couple married in October 2005 in New York, and announced in August 2007 that they were expecting their first child. Their son, William Xavier Schur, was born on February 18, 2008, weighing 6 lbs. 5 oz. and 19 inches long. He is named for Philbin's father, whose confirmation name is Xavier. At 7:54 p.m., on July 14, 2010, J.J. gave birth to a daughter, Ivy Elizabeth, in California.
He was born in Belfast, Prince Edward Island, the son of John McDonald and Marcy McKinnon, of Scottish descent. McDonald was educated at Prince of Wales College and McGill College. He was called to the bar in 1886 and was named Queen's Counsel in 1898. He served in the province's Executive Council as Attorney General from 1897 to 1899.
Andrew J. Olmsted (1 February 1970 -- 3 January 2008) was a major in the U.S. Army. He was educated at St. John's High School in Shrewsbury, MA, and Clark University.
John Dale (born 15 January, 1953 in Sydney, New South Wales) is an Australian author of crime fiction and true crime books. He completed a Doctorate of Creative Arts at the University of Technology, Sydney, in 1999, and subsequently joined the UTS writing Program where he is Head of Creative Practices and Director of the UTS Centre for New Writing.
Peter MacGill graduated with a BFA from Ohio Wesleyan University in 1974 and a MFA from the University of Arizona in 1977, where he was the first student to graduate from the MFA Photography program. MacGill began working in the photography world as a college intern at LIGHT Gallery in 1973. There he worked with Harold Jones and established contact with many of the artists the gallery represents today. In 2006 MacGill was the first recipient of the Harold Jones Distinguished Alumni Award at The University of Arizona.
John D. Stevenson (July 3, 1914 -- November 3, 1995) was a U.S. Air Force general. A Native of Laramie, Wyoming, he graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1937, ranked 15th in a class of 300. On graduation he entered the Army Air Force Flying School, completing this training in October 1938. He was serving in Puerto Rico in command of the 22nd Pursuit Squadron when Pearl Harbor was attacked. In June 1942, he was transferred to England where he served on the staff of General Eisenhower. In November 1942, he served in North Africa as a staff officer. In April 1943, he was named commander of a 27th Fighter Bomber Group. In August 1943, he was shot down and captured by the Germans. Following his return to the ZI in April 1945 he served as Assistant Chief of Staff; Operations ; Tactical Air Command ; IG for Aiways and Air Communications Service ; Chief of Plans Division for MATS; Chief Atomic Energy. He was graduated from the Air War College in 1948. In February 1952, he was named commander of the newly-activated 49th Air Division at Langley Air Force Base. In 1966, he retired from the Air Force and became a NASA administrator. From 1967 until 1971, he was director of mission operations in the Office of Manned Space Flight. His decorations include: Legion of Merit ; Distinguished flying Cross ; Air Medal (two Oak Leaf Clusters); Purple Heart(two Oak Leaf Clusters); British D.F.C.
With the second season beginning in May 2006, the Diablos had an air of hope around them and were expected to contend in their new league. However, the team had vastly changed from the year before thanks to the purchase of closer Derrick DePriest by the Kansas City Royals on February 13, 2006. Also, upon Marshall's request, several members of the San Angelo Colts were signed, giving the Diablos possibly the most powerful offensive unit in the league, but the pitching staff that had been so mediocre the year before was unchanged. The team stumbled badly at the start of the season. The offense was dormant through much of the time, a factor that was worsened when offensive star Juan Camacho was bought by the Chicago White Sox on May 29. With the team floundering, on June 16, 2006, Marshall was released and replaced in the coming days by former major league pitcher Butch Henry, a graduate of El Paso's Eastwood High School. Though Henry provided some improvement, the team was still terrible and continued to struggle. The Diablos would lose shortstop Albenis Machado on August 13 when he was sold to the Chicago Cubs and eight days later would be on the receiving end of a no-hitter by Fort Worth Cats pitcher Joel Kirsten. The Diablos would ultimately finish last in the Southern Division.
Jonathan Mandick (born January 11, 1981 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a Canadian rower. He is a student at the University of Victoria. He won a bronze medal at the 2002 world championships in Seville, Spain in the men's lightweight fours event. In 2004 he competed at the Athens Olympics.
``During his final year at the school he was accepted into the prestigious New York Society of Illustrators, joining the likes of Norman Rockwell and Maxfield Parrish''. Michael Flohr graduated from the San Francisco Academy of Art University in 2000. In the same year, the M. H. de Young Memorial Museum included Michael Flohr's paintings into its exhibition in Golden Gate Park. Flohr then traveled to Europe to study impressionistic techniques.
Evan Goldman (born 1981) is an American realist painter based in Bethesda, Maryland. He attended the Maryland Institute College of Art in Baltimore, Maryland, earning a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in 2003. He then attended the New York Academy of Art, earning a Master of Fine Arts degree in 2006. During the summer of 2006 he was an assistant to the Norwegian figurative painter, Odd Nerdrum. Goldman exhibits his paintings, which include scenes of the Washington DC suburbs, at the Orchard Gallery in Bethesda, Maryland and the Bethesda Artist Market. His paintings of nude women have been exhibited at the 'Dirty Show' in Detroit, Michigan and 'Nude Nite' in Orlando and Tampa, Florida.
Born in Baltimore, Maryland in 1957, he became an English major at George Washington University after reading Gravity's Rainbow by Thomas Pynchon in 1975. He received his PhD from Yale University in 1986. He taught at Yale from 1984--1990, and then at the University of Texas at Austin and the Georgia Institute of Technology. In 1994 he moved back to Baltimore to teach at the University of Baltimore. As a former Professor of Information Arts and Technologies, he formerly taught in the Bachelor of Science in Simulation and Digital Entertainment. He also was involved in the Master's and Doctoral programs.
He was born near Geneva in Switzerland, the son of David Urquhart and Harriet Angelina Fortescue. His father died in 1877, and his uncle Chichester Parkinson-Fortescue, 1st Baron Carlingford played an important role in bringing him up; his middle name Fortescue was added in recognition. He was educated at Beaumont College, Old Windsor, and Stonyhurst College, before becoming a student at Balliol College, Oxford.
The Kentucky -based Institute for Rural Journalism and Community Issues created the Tom and Pat Gish Award in 2005 to recognize rural journalists who ``demonstrate courage, tenacity and integrity.'' The Gishes were honored by the Society of Professional Journalists with the Helen Thomas Lifetime Achievement Award in 2002. They also received the Hugh M. Hefner First Amendment Award in 1983 and were profiled among ``100 American Heroes'' in a 1986 Special Issue of Newsweek. Tom Gish received the Zenger Award from the University of Arizona in 1974 (between Katharine Graham of the Washington Post (1973) and Seymour Hersh of the New York Times (1975)). He was twice honored in the name of Elijah Parish Lovejoy--once from the University of Arizona (1975), and later from Colby College (2001). He also received the Environmental Policy Institute's Recognition for Coverage of Coalfields Issues in 1987.
Greg Mail attended James Ruse Agricultural High School. He is now known as the Run Machine due to his heavy scoring in the Sydney Grade competition, but the Mailman is the dull traditional nom de plume. He recently completed the Oxfam Trailwalk, giving support back to the comminuty.
Gregory Balestrero was the son of Christopher Emmanuel and Rose (Giolito) Balestrero. In 1970 he earned a bachelor's degree in industrial engineering from the Georgia Institute of Technology. From 1994 to 2002, he served as executive director of the Construction Specifications Institute (CSI), an organization for construction professionals in non-residential building construction, based in Alexandria, Virginia USA. He previously held the position of executive director at the Institute of Industrial Engineers (IIE), headquartered in Norcross, GA, where he has been serving as acting executive director since 1987. Since 2002 he is President and CEO of the Project Management Institute.
Yang was born in Shuangjiang, Tongnan County, near the city of Chongqing in Sichuan, and studied at Chengdu Higher Normal School and its affiliated secondary school in 1920-25, and then returned to Chongqing. His older brother, Yang Yangong was one of the founding Executive Committee members of the CCP in Sichuan, and undoubtedly had an influence on Yang Shangkun's ideological orientation. After joining the Communist Youth League (1925) and CCP (1926), he enrolled in Shanghai University, which in combination with his later study in Moscow, made him one of the best educated of the early party leaders. In the USSR, Yang studied at Moscow Sun Yat-sen University; students such as Yang were later characterized as the 28 Bolsheviks.
He graduated from the Tyler School of Art with a B.F.A. in 2003. His work is often collaborative and interactive, falling into the new Social Practice stream of contemporary art. He has had continued collaborative practices with Parfyme, Rancourt/Yatsuk, Christopher Robbins, Eva la Cour, Ward Shelley, and Flux Factory, the latter being an arts collective and non-profit organization for which Douglas Paulson is an organizer, as well as forming impromptu ``open'' collectives focused on specific projects.
Maarten Hajer studied political science and urban and regional planning at the University of Amsterdam, and obtained his DPhil in politics from the Oxford University. In the early 1990s, he was employed by the University of Leiden as researcher at the Centre for Law and Public Policy. Between 1993 and 1996, he was a member of the scientific staff at the Ludwig-Maximilians University of Munich, working with sociologist Ulrich Beck. Following that, he became senior researcher at the Dutch Scientific Council for Government Policy (WRR), where he was project coordinator of the report on spatial development politics (''Ruimtelijke ontwikkelingspolitiek``, WRR report no. 53 to the Dutch Cabinet, 1998).
He was born in New York City on February 7, 1806, the son of New York Attorney General Josiah Ogden Hoffman and Maria (Fenno) Hoffman (1781--1823, daughter of John Fenno). When 11 years old, his leg was crushed by a boating accident and had to be amputated. He attended New York University and Columbia College. He was admitted to the bar in 1827, but he practiced law only intermittently.
Peter Slowik (born 1957 in Oak Park, Illinois) is a professor of viola and head of the string department at Oberlin Conservatory of Music, where he has earned the school's teaching award. Before teaching at Oberlin, Slowik taught at Cleveland Institute of Music, Northwestern University for 13 years, where he earned the McCormick Professorship for Teaching Excellence, and also at Wheaton College, Illinois as a guest lecturer and viola instructor. Some of his former viola students perform in major US orchestras such as the Chicago Symphony, Minnesota Orchestra, San Francisco Symphony, and National Symphony, and in university appointments across the nation.
William Frederick Broening was born in Baltimore, Maryland on 2 June 1870, the son of Henry Jacob Broening and Catherine (Petri) Broening. He graduated from the University of Maryland School of Law in 1897.
Brantley Foster (Michael J. Fox) is a recent graduate of Kansas State University who moves to New York City where he has landed a job as a financier. Upon arriving, he discovers that the company for which he is supposed to work has been taken over by a rival corporation. As a result, Brantley is laid off before he even starts working.
He was a son of John Bacon and Elizabeth (Goldthwaite) Bacon He graduated from Yale College in 1794. Then he attended Litchfield Law School and studied law with Nathan Dane in Beverly, Massachusetts. He was admitted to the bar in 1800 and commenced practice in Stockbridge, Massachusetts. He was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1805 to 1806.
Beard attended Plantation High School in Plantation, Florida and was a student and a standout in football and basketball. In football, as a junior, he made 50 receptions for 850 yards (17.00 yards per reception avg.) and 15 touchdowns. As a senior, he was a first team All-Broward County selection, a second team All-State selection, and was named by the South Florida Sun-Sentinel as a Broward County co-Offensive Player of the Year. In basketball, as a senior, he was a second team All-State selection. Kevin Beard graduated from Plantation High School in 1999. He now is the Wide Receivers coach at the University School in Davie, Florida. Which made it to the 2B state championship's this year With his High School Quarter Back Ryan Schneider(Considered the greatest offensive coordinator in high school football history), who went to the University of Central Florida
George F. Brumm was born in Minersville, Pennsylvania. His father was Congressman Charles N. Brumm. He graduated from the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in 1901, and from the University of Pennsylvania Law School in 1907. He served in the Pennsylvania Engineers on the Mexican border in 1916. He was the election commissioner for Texas in 1918 to take the vote of servicemen at cantonments, and an attorney for the conscription board during World War I. He was an unsuccessful Republican candidate for the nomination to Congress in 1918 and 1920.
George Claassen studied at the University of Pretoria (B.Hons, MA ) and at UNISA (PhD). From 1974 he worked as a journalist at Beeld in various positions as general, political, science and sports reporter. After four years as senior researcher at the Human Sciences Research Council, he joined the Department of Journalism at the Technikon in Pretoria (now the Tshwane University of Technology), where he was Head of the Department from 1989 until 1992. Between October 1993 and the end of January 2001 he was Professor and Head of the postgraduate Department of Journalism at Stellenbosch University in the Western Cape.Here he established the first course in science and technology journalism at an African university.
Cyril Y. Bowers, M.D., Emeritus Professor of Medicine at Tulane University School of Medicine, attended medical school at the University of Oregon and did an internship at the University of Washington. He then studied biochemistry at Cornell University and attended the Postgraduate School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania. From 1961-2004 he was the director of the Section of Endocrinology & Metabolism in the Department of Medicine at Tulane University School of Medicine. Dr. Bowers has served on the editorial board of several endocrine journals, was a member of the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases Study Section for eight years and has written over 400 articles in peer reviewed journals including chapters in books and over 200 abstracts.
Ralph Osterhout was born in Seattle, Washington in 1946 and moved to Santa Cruz, California at the age of 1. He attended Soquel High School graduating in 1964 and later went on to San Jose State University graduating in 1969.
Alan Parker is a student at the University of Maine, Orono who is trying to find himself. He gets a call from a neighbor in his hometown, Lewiston, telling him that his mother has been taken to the hospital after having a stroke. Lacking a functioning car, Parker decides to hitchhike the 120-miles south to visit his mother.
Justin Hill is an English novelist whose novels have been nominated for the Man Booker Prize three times. Born in Freeport, Grand Bahama Island in 1971, he grew up in Yorkshire. He was educated at the historic St Peter's School, York.
He got his first education from his father Johan Peter Emilius and brother-in-law Niels Gade. Already in early age, he began to compose. Then he studied at the University of Copenhagen. In 1858, he performed his first major work, when he and August Winding were given the task to compose music for August Bournonville's ballet Fjeldstuen.
Gary Burtless is an American economist. He received his A.B. from Yale University in 1972 and his Ph.D. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1977. He worked as an economists from the U.S. Department of Health, Education, and Welfare from 1977 to 1979 and the U.S. Department of Labor from 1979 to 1981.
Wang Xiaobo was born in Beijing in 1952. At the beginning of the Cultural Revolution, he was sent to rural Yunnan for ``rustification,'' but later, in the 1970s, studied economics at Renmin University of China. He received a master's degree from the University of Pittsburgh in 1988, and, after returning to China, taught at Beijing University and at Renmin. Wang's published works include four fiction collections and two essay collections.
Corinne Lathrop Gilb was an author, publisher and international lecturer. She taught history and urban studies at Mills College, San Francisco State College, and Wayne State University in Detroit. Gilb authored articles, essays, and books including Hidden Hierarchies: The Professions and Government, originally published by Harper and Row. Her interests also led her to serve as consultant to the California legislature, delegate to NGO meetings at the United Nations, and Director of Planning for Detroit.
Ann Marie Callaway (born 1949-10-28 in Washington DC), who uses the name Ann Callaway, is an American composer. She studied with Alvin Etler at Smith College, George Crumb at University of Pennsylvania and with Jack Beeson, Fred Lerdahl and George Edwards at Columbia University, where she earned her D.M.A. in 1991.
Mehrdad Bahar, was the youngest son of Persian poet Mohammad Taghi Bahar. He held a PhD degree in Persian literature and Ancient Iranian languages from Tehran University. He received an MA degree in ``Ancient and Medieval Persian history'' from the University of London where he studied with Professor Mary Boyce at the School of Oriental and African Studies. He began his career as a linguist with focus on Middle Persian. Later in his career he became interested in Persian mythology. His theories on the ancient roots of many aspects of Persian culture are well accepted among the mythologists (some controversial yet).
Sueko Matsueda Kimura (June 10, 1912 -- December 25, 2001) was an American artist. She was born in Honolulu in 1912. She received her Bachelor of Arts and Master of Fine Arts degrees from the University of Hawaii, where she met her fellow art student and future husband Keichi Kimura. She also attended the Chouinard Art Institute (Los Angeles), Columbia University (New York City), the Brooklyn Museum Art School (New York City) and the Art Students League of New York.
Wall was the son of John Wall and was baptised at Worcester on 24 June 1747. He was educated at Winchester College, and entered at New College, Oxford, on 21 November 1763. He graduated B.A. on 17 June 1770, M.A. on 2 July 1771, M.D. on 9 June 1773, and was a fellow of his college from 1763 to 1778. He studied medicine at St. Bartholomew's Hospital, London, and in Edinburgh. He began practice at Oxford in 1774, and on 2 November 1775 was elected physician to the Radcliffe Infirmary. He was appointed reader in chemistry in 1781, and delivered an inaugural dissertation on the study of chemistry on 7 May 1781, which he printed in 1783, with an essay on the 'Antiquity and Use of Symbols in Astronomy and Chemistry' and 'Observations on the Diseases prevalent in the South Sea Islands'. He drank tea with Dr. Samuel Johnson at Oxford in June 1784 (, Life, 1791, ii. 502), and his essay was obviously the origin of the conversation on the advantage of physicians travelling among barbarous nations.
Epes Sargent was the son of Epes Sargent (1784--1853) and Hannah Dane Coffin (1787--1819), and was born in Gloucester, Massachusetts, on September 27, 1813, where his father was a ship master. In 1818 the family moved to Roxbury, Massachusetts. From 1823 to 1829 he attended the Boston Latin School, but his education was put on hold while he traveled for six months to Saint Petersburg, Russia with his father. Upon his return he helped start the school's first literary journal, where he wrote about his travels to Russia. He then attended Harvard University where he contributed to the Harvard Collegian, a college literary journal which was started by his older brother, John Osborn Sargent (1811--1891), who became a successful politician and journalist.
He studied at University of Tokyo. He is currently the Takashima Professor of Japanese Cultural Studies at University of California, Santa Barbara. John Nathan's fields include Japanese culture, Japanese literature, Japanese cinema, the theory and practice of translation, and the sociology of business culture. The first American to be admitted as a regular student to the University of Tokyo, he spent many years living and studying in Japan. He is the author of a definitive biography of novelist Yukio Mishima and he has also translated novels by Mishima and by Nobel laureate Kenzaburō Ōe. When Ōe received the Nobel Prize in 1994, Nathan accompanied him to Stockholm.
Joseph E. Fernandes was born in Madeira, Portugal on March 12, 1923. He was the son of the late Jose Fernandes and Rosa (Teixeira) Fernandes. He came to the United States from Madeira when he was only 18 months old. Most of his life was spent living in Norton, Massachusetts. Joseph graduated from Boston University with a Bachelor of Science degree in 1947 then, received an honorary doctorate from Stonehill College in Easton, Massachusetts. During WWII, Joseph served as a lieutenant in the U.S. Army where he earned the ETO-5 Battle Stars Presidential Unit Citation. He took over his father's grocery store after the army, then he founded the Fernandes Supermarket chain in 1947. Fernandes Supermarkets was a chain of stores around Southeastern Massachusetts and remained active in the industry until 1978. Mr. Fernandes, an active area Republican built a chain of 37 supermarkets employing over 2,700 people. Later he became State Department adviser on food distribution in Latin America in the 1980s.
Edgar Pangborn was born in New York City on February 25, 1909, to Harry Levi Pangborn, an attorney and dictionary editor, and Georgia Wood Pangborn, a noted writer of supernatural fiction. Along with his older sister Mary, Edgar was homeschooled until 1919 and then educated at Brooklyn Friends School. He began music studies at Harvard University in 1924, when he was still only 15 years old, and left in 1926 without graduating. After that he studied at the New England Conservatory of Music, but did not graduate from that school, either. On leaving he publicly abandoned music, shifting his creative focus to writing. His first novel, a mystery called A-100: A Mystery Story, was published under the pseudonym ``Bruce Harrison'' in 1930. It was not an auspicious or notably successful debut, and showed none of the emotional or stylistic characteristics that became the hallmark of his later work.
Alec Brownstein (born November 21, 1980, in Philadelphia) is an award winning advertising copywriter, the co-author of several humor books, and a film director. He attended The Haverford School in Haverford, Pennsylvania, and Tufts University.
Cary Kochman graduated from the University of Illinois at Chicago with his B.S. in Accounting. He continued his education at the University of Chicago where he received his J.D. from the University of Chicago Law School and his M.B.A. from the Booth School of Business. He is also a distingushed alumn of the University of Illinois at Chicago.
Born in Eskişehir, Enis Batur studied at St. Joseph High School (Istanbul), METU-Sociology (Ankara), and Sorbonne University (Paris).
James Joyce was a frequent guest of An Stad during his student years in Dublin. While many people tried to convince him of the value of the Gaelic revival and others tried to convince him of the value of the Nationalist movement, Joyce was interested in neither and deeply suspicious of both, and eventually left Ireland entirely. However, his time at An Stad did have one lasting influence on Irish Literary history. His Character 'The Citizen' in his landmark novel Ulysses is based on Michael Cusack, whom Joyce met at An Stad. Several other patrons of An Stad, including Oliver St. John Gogarty, recall being impressed or influenced by Joyce.
The son of Lee and Virginia Symonds, Craig Symonds attended the University of California, Los Angeles, where he earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1967. Going on to graduate work, he obtained his M.A. in history at the University of Florida in 1969 with a thesis on ``The defense of the southwestern frontier, 1784-1794: a study in governmental relations.'' He married Marylou Hayden on 17 January 1969 and the couple had one son. In 1971, Symonds joined the United States Naval Reserve, serving for three years until 1974 and raising to the grade of Lieutenant. While in the Navy, he served on the staff and faculty of the Naval War College. On his release from active duty, he returned to his graduate studies in history at the University of Florida, where he obtained his Ph.D. in 1976 under the tutelage of Professor John K. Mahon with a dissertation on ``Navalists and antinavalists: the naval policy debate in the United States, 1785-1827.''
Spelman was the son of Henry Spelman, antiquary. He studied at Cambridge University and at Brasenose College, Oxford. He entered Gray's Inn on 16 February 1608 and later travelled in continental Europe In 1626 he was elected Member of Parliament for Worcester. He edited from manuscripts in his father's library. (1640), and wrote a Life of Alfred the Great which was translated into Latin and published in 1678. Whereas his father was a leading expositor of the idea of an 'ancient constitution', John Spelman was a theorist of the Royalist cause. He was knighted by Charles I of England in 1641 and served the king actively at Oxford at the beginning of the First English Civil War. The House of Commons ordered Sir John Spillman to be sent for as a delinquent on 10 December 1642.
Fazal-e-Akbar (born November 1903, date of death unknown) graduated in Arts from St. Xavier College, Calcutta. He graduated in Law from University of Calcutta and was called to Bar from Lincoln's Inn, London in 1930.
Tom Buffington was born on January 3, 1945, in Newport, Arkansas, to Dewey Buffington and Nora Franklin (née Armstrong) Buffington. Tom was the youngest of four boys and as a young boy spent time helping his father put up real estate signs on his properties. Tom attended Swanee Prep Academy where he lettered in both football and basketball. From there, Tom then went to the University of Arkansas where he majored in business.
Ben Dolnick (born 1982) is an American fiction writer and author of the novel Zoology (2007), a coming of age novel mostly set in New York. He was born and raised in Chevy Chase, Maryland. He is the son of Lynn and Edward Dolnick and a nephew of Arthur Golden, author of Memoirs of a Geisha. Through his mother's side he is a member of the Ochs-Sulzberger family, publishers of The New York Times. He attended Georgetown Day School and went on to receive his undergraduate degree from Columbia University, and according to the Vintage Random House website has worked as a ``zookeeper at the Central Park Zoo, a bookseller, a research assistant in an immunology lab, and a tutor.'' He currently lives in Brooklyn, New York.
William Berry is one of Britain's leading young entrepreneurs. Born in Bourton-on-the-Water, Gloucestershire, in the United Kingdom, he graduated with a Bachelors of Science and Honors in Business from the Manchester Metropolitan University. Companies William has founded include Net121 Ltd, Thomas Charles Ltd, Accommodation for Students Ltd and Conferences UK Ltd, and most recently P6.com LLC in 2010.
Haywood Yancey Riddle was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives for the 4th congressional district of Tennessee. He was born on June 20, 1834 in Van Buren, Tennessee in Hardeman County. He completed preparatory studies and graduated from Union University in Murfreesboro, Tennessee in 1854. He was an adjunct professor of mathematics and languages at that institution. He graduated from Cumberland School of Law at Cumberland University in Lebanon, Tennessee in 1857 and was admitted to the bar in Ripley, Mississippi the same year.
George Ivan (Van) Morrison was born on 31 August 1945, at 125 Hynford Street, Bloomfield, East Belfast, Northern Ireland as the only child of George Morrison, a shipyard electrician, and Violet Stitt Morrison, a singer and tap dancer in her youth. Van Morrison's family roots descend from the Ulster Scots population that settled in Belfast. From 1950 to 1956, Morrison, who began to be known as ``Van'' during this time, attended Elmgrove Primary School. Morrison's father had what was at the time one of the largest record collections in Ulster (acquired during his sojourn in Detroit, Michigan in the early 1950s), and the young Morrison grew up listening to artists such as Jelly Roll Morton, Ray Charles, Lead Belly, and Solomon Burke; of whom Morrison later said, ``If it weren't for guys like Ray and Solomon, I wouldn't be where I am today. Those guys were the inspiration that got me going. If it wasn't for that kind of music, I couldn't do what I'm doing now.'' His father's record collection exposed him to various musical genres, such as the blues of Muddy Waters; the gospel of Mahalia Jackson; the jazz of Charlie Parker; the folk music of Woody Guthrie; and country music from Hank Williams and Jimmie Rodgers, while the first record he ever bought was by blues musician Sonny Terry. When Lonnie Donegan had a hit with ``Rock Island Line'', written by Huddie Ledbetter (Lead Belly), Morrison felt he was familiar with and able to connect with skiffle music as he had been hearing Lead Belly before that.
Kevin Andrew Murphy is an American novelist and game writer from Northern California. He is a graduate of University of California at Santa Cruz and has a Master of Arts from University of Southern California. He has written gamebooks for Steve Jackson Games and White Wolf. He is one of the contributors to the Wild Cards book series edited by George R. R. Martin. His first solo novel, Penny Dreadful, was released in 2007. He is also the designer of several fonts on the theme of witchcraft for Scriptorium Fonts.
Nicolas Roope (born in Singapore, Singapore, on February 26 1972) is a British/ Danish industrial and digital media designer and entrepreneur. Nicolas received Bachelors Degree in Fine Arts, Sculpture from Liverpool John Moores University. Nicolas' career focuses on unique combination of product design, digital media and business development. He is a winner of D&AD Black Pencil, Brit Insurance Design Awards and Webby Award. His designs have been included in MOMA permanent collection and he was The Wired 100 and Adage Creative 50 lists.
Deeb's love of wrestling began when she was 11 after watching a World Wresting Federation show. Despite her love of wrestling, her main passion as a child, from the age of five until she actively pursued wrestling at 18, was association football. Serena Deeb graduated from Oakton High School, located in Vienna, Virginia, in 2004. Though she began training wrestling at 18, she coupled this with an academic career, reading for her Bachelor of Arts in Spanish until graduating in 2008 from Indiana University Southeast. She has a desire to learn more languages than Spanish and also enjoys Arabic, Thai and Italian food which matches her interest in travelling.
Boase was born in London on the 2 September 1799, the eldest son of Henry Boase (1763--1827), banker, of Madron, Cornwall. Henry Boase, the son, was educated at Blundell's School in Tiverton and then in Dublin, where he studied chemistry. He later proceeded to Edinburgh University and took the degree of M.D. in 1821. He then worked for some years as a medical practitioner at Penzance; there geology engaged his particular attention, and he became secretary of the Royal Geological Society of Cornwall, and a committee member of the Royal Cornwall Polytechnic Society.
William Henry Young FRS (London, 20 October 1863 - Lausanne, 7 July 1942) was an Englishmathematician. Young was educated at City of London School and Peterhouse, Cambridge. He worked on measure theory, Fourier series, differential calculus amongst other fields, and made brilliant and long-lasting contributions to the study of functions of several complex variables. He was the husband of Grace Chisholm Young and father of Laurence Chisholm Young.
He was probably born in Cornwall in 1575. A Richard Carpenter was baptized at Phillack, Cornwall, on 16 February 1575/6, son of Thomas Carpenter. It is not certain, however, that he and this Richard Carpenter were the same person. He matriculated at Exeter College, Oxford, on 28 May 1592, and took his degrees of B.A. on 19 February 1596, B.D. 25 June 1611, and D.D. 10 February 1616-17. He was elected to a Cornish fellowship at his college on 30 June 1596, and retained it until 30 June 1606; under the advice of Thomas Holland, the Rector, he studied theology, and became noted as a preacher.
For the next several years Tommy Cole's career was based on live-singing at teenage clubs, public events, and as an opening act for other performers. He attended Pasadena City College, did a hitch in the Air Force, and had guest star parts on a few television shows. By 1964, he had realized that his days as a performer were ending, and so looked around for some other way to stay in show business.
Robert Blair is a United States farmer, specializing in precision agriculture, remote sensing, and Unmanned Air Vehicles (UAV). Blair is a graduate of Lapwai High School and the University of Idaho . Blair grew up on a farm near Kendrick, Idaho and currently manages it .
John Alvin Johnson was born in Milwaukee in 1915 to a family of Norwegian descent. He was raised in Hammond, Indiana. He was educated at DePauw University, receiving a bachelor's degree in 1937. He then attended the University of Chicago Law School, receiving a law degree in 1940. During his time at law school, he met and married his wife Harriet Nelson, an undergraduate student at the University of Chicago.
Walter Farrar (1865--1916) was an Anglican bishop in the first decades of the 20th century. Farrar was educated at Queen's College, Guyana and Keble College, Oxford and ordained in 1888. He began his ordained ministry at St Mary's East Coast in what was then British Guiana. Later he was the rector of Hawkchurch and then acting warden of the Jamaica Church Theological College before his ordination to the episcopate as Bishop of Antigua. After some time as the Archdeacon of St Francis, Quebec he returned to the West Indies as Bishop of British Honduras in 1913. In 1915 he became the vicar of Bognor Regis and died the following year.
In her will, Caroline Houghton did not name a legal guardian for her daughters, preferring that they be independent to pursue their own aspirations. After her death the girls' education remained a point of contention between the sisters and their uncle, Amory Houghton, Jr. (1837-1909), the family patriarch and president of Corning Glass. While Amory believed young women belonged in finishing school, Katharine had absorbed her mother's insistence on a college education. Despite consistent opposition from the Houghton family, she was able to realize the promise she had made to her mother; Katharine Houghton graduated from Pennsylvania's Bryn Mawr College in 1899, with an A.B. in history and political science. She earned her master's degree in chemistry and physics the following year, although some biographers claim Houghton's degree was in art history, variously earned from either Bryn Mawr or Boston's Radcliffe College. After completing preparatory studies at Baldwin School, her sisters, Edith and Marion, received degrees from Bryn Mawr in 1901 and 1906, respectively.
Izenzon began playing double bass at age twenty-four. He played locally in his hometown of Pittsburgh before moving to New York City in 1961. There he played with Paul Bley, Archie Shepp, Sonny Rollins, and Bill Dixon, but he is best known for his association with Ornette Coleman, begun in October 1961. He played in Coleman's Town Hall, 1962 concert and played with him regularly from 1965 to 1968, often in a trio format with Charles Moffett. During this time he also recorded with Harold McNair and Yoko Ono. He taught music history at Bronx Community College from 1968 to 1971 and played with Perry Robinson and Paul Motian, but reduced his time in music in 1972 when his son became ill. In 1973 he received a Ph.D. in psychotherapy from Northwestern University and co-founded Potsmokers Anonymous with his wife, Pearl. In 1975 he composed a jazz opera entitled How Music Can Save the World, dedicated to those who helped his son recover. From 1977 he worked again with Coleman and Motian, up until his death in 1979.
William Robert ``Rob'' Pinkston IV (born January 30, 1988) is an American actor who appeared during the fourth season of MTV's hidden camera practical joke television series, Punk'd. He also played ``Coconut Head'' on Nickelodeon's Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide. Although their last names are the same, he is not related to Ryan Pinkston, another Punk'd alumnus, though the two are said to be friends. He attended William S. Hart High School, in Santa Clarita, California a city located north of Los Angeles. He recently was in Extreme Movie with Ryan Pinkston and Frankie Muniz.
Clay was born in St. Louis, Missouri and he graduated from Saint Louis University. Clay served in the United States Army from 1953 to 1955, and he was a St. Louis alderman from 1959 to 1964. Clay served 105 days in jail for participating in a Civil Rights demonstration in 1963. Prior to entering Congress, Clay held jobs first as a real estate broker and later as a labor coordinator. He worked for the union of St. Louis city employees from 1961 to 1964 and then with a Steamfitters Union until 1967.
Long graduated from Columbia City Joint High School, in Columbia City, Indiana. Jill Long Thompson was the first in her family to graduate from college. She earned an M.B.A. (1978) and PhD (1984) in Business from Indiana University, and a B.S. in Business from Valparaiso University (1974).
Hudson University is a composite of several colleges and universities located in New York City including Columbia University, Barnard College, Pratt Institute, Brooklyn College, College of Mount Saint Vincent, Hunter College, Lehman College, New York University, City College of New York, Queens College, Union Theological Seminary, General Theological Seminary, Pace University and Fordham University, all of which have been used as filming locations. For filming purposes, NYU is one of the least used locations in the series due to the high cost of filming in the university's buildings and surrounding area (one of Lennie Briscoe's daughters, Julia, was once said to be a film student at NYU, but the show never filmed there). The show has shown Hudson University on a map of New York City where the real life Yeshiva University is located, and a Season 20 episode, ``Innocence'', depicted a fictional ``Hudson Innocence Project'' modeled on the real life Innocence Project at the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law at Yeshiva University. That same episode also identified Executive Assistant District Attorney Michael Cutter as a graduate of Hudson's Law School, making him the first ``Law & Order'' EADA to have graduated from a fictional law school. s Detective Elliot Stabler, has a daughter, Kathleen Stabler, who is a student at Hudson University (``'').
At the inaugural Comedy Awards, the season received awards for Best Comedy Series and Comedy Directing - TV. The series was also nominated for Comedy Writing - TV and Ty Burrell for Comedy Actor - TV. In June 2011, Modern Family was nominated for six of the inaugural Critics`` Choice Television Awards. The show itself was nominated for ``Best Comedy Series'' while Burrell, O'Neill, and Stonestreet were nominated for ``Best Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series'' while Bowen and Vergara are nominated for ``Best Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series''. The series won while Burrell, O'Neill and Stonestreet lost their nominated to Neil Patrick Harris of How I Met Your Mother while Bowen and Vergara lost to Busy Phillips of Cougar Town. Burrell received another acting nomination for Individual Achievement in Comedy at the TCA Awards his second nomination for the award and his first time winning. The series also received a TCA Award for Outstanding Achievement in Comedy, the second win for the series in a row.
Siddig was born in Sudan but has spent most of his life in England. He was born to an English mother who worked as a theatrical consultant and a Sudanese father. His maternal uncle is English actor Malcolm McDowell, with whom he appeared in 2008 in Neil Marshall's Doomsday, and his paternal uncle is the former Sudanese Prime Minister Sadiq al-Mahdi. He is also descended from Muhammad Ahmad Al-Mahdi. He attended St. Lawrence College, Ramsgate. He was credited under the shortened name Siddig El Fadil until October 1995, three seasons into his run on Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, when he changed his stage name to the easier to pronounce (for English speakers) Alexander Siddig. On set, he became known as Sid. In 1996, Siddig and his co-star Nana Visitor became involved; their son, Django El Tahir El Siddig, was born on 16 September 1996, and the couple married on 14 June 1997. They divorced in 2001. In 2005, he was briefly involved with his Whose Life Is It Anyway? co-star (and fellow Star Trek alumna) Kim Cattrall.
Victor Gold grew up in New Orleans, Louisiana, where he attended New Orleans public schools and Tulane University. After his graduation from Tulane he worked as a reporter-correspondent for the Birmingham News (Birmingham, Alabama) before entering law school at the University of Alabama, where he received a law degree. He served in the U.S. Army during the Korean War.
Fran Mires is a bilingual television Television producer credited with the creation and launch of dozens of television shows in English, Spanish and now Arabic. She is a graduate of San Francisco State University and earned her master's degree in journalism from the Medill School of Journalism at Northwestern University. She is married with three children.
Nathaniel Williams was the son of Thomas Williams, from Swansea in south Wales. Nathaniel Williams studied at the University of Oxford, matriculating as a member of Jesus College in 1672 and obtaining a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1676. He wrote two books: A Pindaric Elegy on the famous Physician Dr. Willis (published in 1675) and Imago Saeculi or the Image of the Age represented in four Characters, viz. the ambitious Statesman, insatiable Miser, atheistic Gallant, and factious Schismatic (published the following year). He died in about 1679.
Todd McClay was born in Rotorua on 22 November 1968. Todd McClay was educated at Tauhara College in Taupo, Wesley College in Auckland and Wellington Polytechnic in Wellington. He has also gained a Bachelor's Degree in Politics and is to complete a Masters of International Public Law (LLM).
The 1997 LSU Tigers football team represented Louisiana State University in the college football season of 1997--1998. Coached by Gerry DiNardo in his third season at LSU, the Tigers played their home games at Tiger Stadium in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
Medha Patkar is one of the recipients of Right Livelihood Award for the year 1991. She received the 1999 M.A. Thomas National Human Rights Award from Vigil India Movement. She has also received numerous other awards, including the Deena Nath Mangeshkar Award, Mahatma Phule Award, Goldman Environment Prize, Green Ribbon Award for Best International Political Campaigner by BBC, and the Human Rights Defender's Award from Amnesty International.
Porter attended Portobello High School. She studied a BTEC HND in Media Production at West Herts College. After making an unsuccessful bid to join the presentation team of the BBC children's show Blue Peter, Porter has tended to present family-friendly television programmes, or ones aimed directly at children. This includes The Movie Chart Show, Top of the Pops, and Live & Kicking, work for CITV, and other programmes such as The Big Breakfast and Gail Porter's Big 90s for VH1.
Joel Stelly (born January 13, 1984) is a former American football player who most recently played Chicago Bears of the National Football League. He attended Cecilia High School and the University of Louisiana at Monroe, where he spent his collegiate football career as place kicker and punter. Stelly is a Louisiana native, spending his youth in Lafayette, Louisiana.
McLaren was born in Yedo, near Tokyo, Japan, elder son of Rev. Samuel Gilfillan McLaren M.A. a Scottish missionary and later professor of sacred history and biblical literature at the Presbyterian Union Theological Seminary, and Marjory Millar McLaren née Bruce. In 1886, the family moved to Australia, where in 1889 his father became principal of Presbyterian Ladies' College, Melbourne. Samuel McLaren was educated at Brighton Grammar School and Scotch College, Melbourne, where he was dux in mathematics in 1893. He gained a scholarship at Ormond College, University of Melbourne, and qualified for the Bachelor of Arts degree at the end of 1896 with first class final honours, and the final honours and Wyselaskie scholarships in mathematics. He also shared the Dixon scholarship in natural philosophy. One of his teachers at the University stated in 1903 that McLaren was by far the ablest student he had met during his twelve years`` tenure of office, and one whose ability should be sufficient to place him in a very conspicuous position as an original thinker.
Steve Hall was born on March 12, 1956. He received an Associate Degree from Pellissippi State Community College. He has also studied at the University of Tennessee.
He was born in Los Angeles, but grew up in Chester, New York, graduating from Monroe-Woodbury High School. At 20, he returned to the Los Angeles area, where he currently resides. His father is Singer-songwriter, Red Grammer. In 2007, he graduated from California State University, Northridge, with a B.A.
Wang Nan attended 2003 World Table Tennis Championships in Paris. This is her fourth time representing China. She won three gold medals in singles, doubles and mixed doubles and of particular interest, she won both singles and doubles championship for the third time in a row, records which are hard to break in the future. Many people didn't expect her success before the competition began; however, the three gold medals proved that she was still one of the top players in the world.
Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala was educated at Harvard University, graduating magna cum laude with an A.B. in 1977, and earned her Ph.D. in urban and regional planning from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). She is married to her husband Ikemba Iweala from Umuahia, Abia State - and they have four children. The eldest, Onyinye Iweala received her Ph.D. in Experimental Pathology from Harvard University in 2008 and graduated Harvard Medical School in 2010. Her son, Uzodinma Iweala, is the author of the critically acclaimed novel Beasts of No Nation (2005). '
A native of Utah, Bill Evans began his performing career during childhood. He went on to study at the University of Utah, receiving a BA in English, a BA equivalent in ballet, and an MFA in modern dance. He joined Utah Repertory Dance Theatre in 1968, where he quickly distinguished himself as a leading dancer and choreographer. Noteworthy dances from this time period include Five Songs in August, For Betty, Tin-Tal, Piano Rags, The Legacy, and Hard Times.
Theo Avgerinos (born September 22, 1978 in New York, NY) is a feature film director whose recent debut, Fifty Pills, premiered at the 2006 Tribeca Film Festival. Theo grew up in New Canaan, Connecticut, and attended New Canaan High School where he was an all-state captain of the football team, Eagle Scout, and active member of the school's film program. He later graduated from Bucknell University, after founding the school's first film department and co-founding its current production company, studying film and theater. Theo's first industry job was Production Assistant on the feature Empire, his work continued as an editor for HBO and later as a Director of Photography. Fifty Pills, an independent, features Lou Taylor Pucci, Kristen Bell, John Hensley, Nora Zehetner, Michael Pena, Jane Lynch, Monica Keena, and Eddie Kaye Thomas. Theo's current next feature to date is Zoe, starring Eliza Dushku, Freddie Prinze, Jr., and Thom Bishops.
Frederick Haynes Newell (March 5, 1862 - July 5, 1932), First Director of the United States Reclamation Service, was born in Bradford, Pennsylvania. He graduated in 1885 from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and after field experience in Colorado and other states was appointed on October 2, 1888, as Assistant Hydraulic Engineer of the United States Geological Survey, being the first aide designated under Major John Wesley Powell to investigate the extent to which the arid regions of the United States might be reclaimed by irrigation. He was subsequently appointed Chief of the Hydrographic Branch.
In the first half of the 20th century, Poland was a flourishing center of mathematics. Outstanding Polish mathematicians formed the Lwów School of Mathematics (with Stefan Banach, Hugo Steinhaus, Stanisław Ulam) and Warsaw School of Mathematics (with Alfred Tarski, Kazimierz Kuratowski, Wacław Sierpiński). The events of World War II pushed many of them into exile. Such was the case of Benoît Mandelbrot, whose family left Poland when he was still a child. An alumnus of the Warsaw School of Mathematics was Antoni Zygmund, one of the shapers of 20th-century mathematical analysis.
Charlotte Lewis attended Bishop Douglass School in Finchley.
John J. Donohue III was born on January 30, 1953. He is a law professor at Stanford University and is well known for using empirical analysis to determine the impact of law and public policy in a wide range of areas, including arguments against the death penalty and racial discrimination by police in their law enforcement efforts. Other work by Donohue has advocated stronger efforts to stop employment discrimination, to increase school funding, and to regulate private gun ownership more heavily. Donohue rejoined the Stanford Law School faculty in 2010, and prior to that he was a Professor of Law at Yale Law School. He received his BA from Hamilton College in 1974, his JD from Harvard in 1977, and his Ph.D. in economics from Yale in 1986. In 1982, Donohue was the Democratic nominee for the Connecticut State Senate, 14th District (Milford, Orange, West Haven).
Abram Penn Staples (September 18, 1885 -- March 21, 1951) was born at Martinsville, Virginia. During his childhood, his family moved to Roanoke, where he attended Roanoke High School. He then entered Washington and Lee University, where he received a Bachelor of Law degree in 1908. Entering into practice at Roanoke in 1908, he soon made a name for himself as an exceptional lawyer. In 1924, he was elected President of the Roanoke Bar Association and, in 1927, was elected to the Virginia Senate, being re-elected in 1931. He was appointed Attorney General of Virginia in March 1934 to fill out the term of John R. Saunders and was subsequently elected to that office in 1937, 1941, and 1945. In August 1947, he was elected to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia and served on that court until he retired in January 1951, as a result of failing health. Staples was a member of Phi Beta Kappa, Phi Delta Phi, and Omicron Delta Kappa.
Walther Eidlitz, born 1892 in Wienna, dead 1976 in Vaxholm, also called Vāmana Dāsa, was an Austrian writer, poet, Indologist and historian of religion. He moved to Sweden in 1952. In 1975 he received an honorary doctoral degree from Lund University.
Damian Cronin (b. 17 April 1963, Wegberg, Germany) is a former Scotland rugby union rugby player who represented London Scottish FC. He is an alumnus of Prior Park College. Playing in the second row, he was part of the Grand Slam winning side in 1990. He made his Scotland debut 16 January 1988 against Ireland with his last appearance ten years later against England.He was highly thought of as a muffin and always thought fondly of Damian Corragin who is a teacher.
Her talent shone from a very early age when she starred in virtually every production that her high school in Manchester, King David Yavneh, put on. From there she went on to study for a degree in English and Drama at the University of Leeds, and her course led to her landing the title role in Calamity Jane and Annie in Oklahoma!. She then studied for a master's degree at the Central School of Speech and Drama in London, where she appeared in productions including A Winter's Tale (as Paulina) and Grease (as Rizzo). This is where she met her best friend, Aoife Mulholland, who was also studying on the same course, and together they decided to audition for How Do You Solve A Problem Like Maria?. In her Hello! Magazine interview, Finley said, ``Aoife and I thought we would make a big weekend of it BBC audition... we were like a couple of new kids holding hands in the big school playground.''
Lee Roupas is an alumnus of the Delta Alpha chapter of the Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity. He graduated from The George Washington University, where he was a leader in the College Republicans.
Jerald Posman is Vice President for Administration and Finance at the City College of New York, a senior college of the City University of New York. Prior to that, he served most recently as Senior Vice President and COO for six and a half years at York College, City University of New York. He received his undergraduate degree in English Literature from the City College of New York and MBA from the Harvard Business School, Harvard University.
Pastor Humberto Lay Sun (born 25 September 1934 in Lima) is a Peruvian evangelical minister of the Iglesia Biblica Emmanuel, architect, and a politician (National Restoration). He is of Chinese descent. He studied at the Colegio San Andrés (Anglo-Peruvian School). He was also a commissioner on the Truth and Reconciliation Commission that investigated abuses by the Shining Path, Túpac Amaru Revolutionary Movement, and the Military of Peru during the 1980s and 1990s. He is a Congressman representing Lima for the 2011-2016 term.
Hubertine Heijermans was born in Amsterdam. on 8 January 1936. She was educated at the Barlaeus Gymnasium, took painting lessons from 1954-1957 with Jos Rovers, and then won a scholarship for the Rijksakademie and worked with professor Gé Röling (1904--1981) and Jan Wiegers. In 1958 she met Nils Tellander, born in Holland, but a volunteer in the British Army during the second world war. They got married in September of that year and settled in Switzerland near Lausanne, where in 1960 their son Anyan was born. In 1968 Heijermans entered the American high school Villa Schifanoia (Rosary College of Arts and Sciences Villa Schifanoia) in Fiesole. The school was run by Dominican Sisters and instead of having to remain in the convent, her teacher Swietlan Kraczyna found a studio for her in a palazzo overlooking Florence and the river Arno. In 1972 Heijermans won the Premio Brunellesco (a Florentine prize for painters, sculptors and other artists) with a series of seven oil paintings, honored by Piero Bargellini the Mayor of Florence. Then she returned to Villars in Switzerland, taking with her the 200 kilogram etching press from Bendini-Bologna. The couple Tellander divorced in 1973 and her husband remained in Lausanne.
Merrimon Cuninggim (May 11, 1911-November 1, 1995) was a Methodist minister, president of Salem College in North Carolina from 1976 to 1979, thirteen years executive director of the Danforth Foundation before resigning in protest in 1973, and dean of Perkins School of Theology (1951-1960)http://smu.edu/theology/about/history.html at Southern Methodist University where in 1952 he successfully led the drive to racially integrate. He was also a ranked tennis player who competed at Wimbledon and Forest Hills. At Pomona College he was both the tennis coach and the chairman of the Religious Department.http://www.nytimes.com/1995/11/05/nyregion/merrimon-cuninggim-84-minister-and-educator.html
The 2011--12 UAB Blazers men's basketball team represents the University of Alabama at Birmingham in the 2011--12 college basketball season. The Blazers' head coach, Mike Davis, is in his sixth season at UAB. The Blazers, who compete in Conference USA, play their home games at Bartow Arena.
The 2010--11 UAB Blazers men's basketball team represented the University of Alabama at Birmingham in the 2010--11 college basketball season. The Blazers' head coach, Mike Davis, was in his fifth season at UAB. The Blazers, who compete in Conference USA, played their home games at Bartow Arena.
Brian Mitsoda earned a B.A. in English at Florida State University in 1997, moving out to Los Angeles to pursue a career writing for television and film. After playing the game Fallout, he was inspired enough to look up the developer and apply for a job. This resulted in him entering the game industry as a quality assurance tester at Interplay in 1999. Shortly thereafter, he was promoted to designer/writer at Black Isle Studios, and took on the role of lead writer for TORN, a PC RPG that used Monolith's Lithtech engine, and a modified version of Fallouts SPECIAL system. However, the title was canceled in July 2001.
Sheldon Amos was the son of Andrew Amos. He was educated at Clare College, Cambridge, and was called to the bar as a member of the Middle Temple in 1862. He was invited by F. D. Maurice to teach at The Working Men's College, with fellow Cambridge graduates and friends Richard Chevenix Trench and J. R. Seeley. In 1869 he was appointed to the chair of jurisprudence in University College, London, and in 1872 became reader under the council of legal education and examiner in constitutional law and history to the University of London. Failing health led to his resignation of those offices, and he took a voyage to the South Seas.
John Nihmey was born in Ottawa and grew up in his family's 50s style diner. His father, Philip Nihmey, died when he was nine, requiring that he and his four brothers help his mother (Lily Monsour: 1914-2003) in the family business. John graduated from Carleton University with a Bachelor of Arts, Honours in English in 1976. His first writing assignments were covering outdoor festival events in Ottawa for the past newspaper, The Ottawa Journal.
Alix Strauss currently lives and works in Manhattan and is a well-known freelance journalist. She graduated from New York University with a degree in Educational Theater and for the past 15 years has taught Creative Writing, Fiction Writing, Writing for Magazines, and Personal Essay writing.
Born in Chicago, Raymond R. Schumacher attended Tilden Technical High School, studying engineering, and was awarded the Purdue Club's 1942 Kizer MVP Award in football. He then attended Purdue University.
The world's first recorded streaker -- George William Crump -- was a student at Washington College, in 1804. He later became a U.S. Congressman.
A product of New Zealand junior side Sydenham, David Vaealiki attended Linwood High School and became Canterbury's youngest ever representative when he made his debut for the province aged just 17 years and 199 days in a match against the West Coast. He then signed for the Parramatta Eels and made his first grade debut in 1999. He went on to play 93 games for the club, including the 2001 NRL Grand Final, scoring a total of 32 tries.He also scored the fastest hat-trick in the NRL versus Penrith March 17, 2002. In 2004, David's season was cut short by an Achilles tendon injury,he played only eight games.
Born in Lodz, Poland, Pawel Checinski (Pah-vel Hen-chin-ski) began piano studies at the age of six. He completed his elementary and intermediate education in schools for the musically gifted. At the Music Academy in Warsaw, he studied with two of Poland's most renowned pedagogues, Zbigniew Drzewiecki and Ryszard Bakst, and received the Master of Arts degree with honors. In l971 Checinski was awarded a Fulbright Grant by the U.S. Department of State to continue his studies at the Juilliard School where he earned both a Master of Music degree and a Doctor of Musical Arts degree under Mieczyslaw Munz. He also studied with Leon Fleisher and Aube Tzerko. For several years he worked extensively under the guidance of his mentor Claudio Arrau.
Paul Silverthorne studied at the Royal Academy of Music with Clarence Myerscough, max Gilbert and Sydney Griller. In 1988 Paul Silverthorne was made principal of the specialist contemporary music ensemble London Sinfonietta. In 1990 started playing with the London Symphony Orchestra. and appointed principal viola of the Orchestra the following year. In addition to his orchestral work, Paul Silverthorne is an active viola soloist and has performed with major English, American and European orchestras with conductors such as André Previn, Sir Colin Davis, Sir Simon Rattle, Sir John Eliot Gardiner and Kent Nagano.
Clare Francis was born in Thames Ditton, Surrey, and spent summer holidays on the Isle of Wight, where she learnt to sail. She was educated at the Royal Ballet School then gained a degree in economics at University College London.
Matteo Bernardini was born and raised in Turin, Italy. After attending Liceo Classico Vincenzo Gioberti, he completed a BA in Modern Literature at the University of Turin and at the University of Leicester, followed by an MA in Comparative Literatures.
Martha Farah is a cognitive neuroscience researcher at the University of Pennsylvania. She has worked on an unusually wide range of topics; the citation for her lifetime achievement award from the Association for Psychological Science states that ``Her studies on the topics of mental imagery, face recognition, semantic memory, reading, attention, and executive functioning have become classics in the field.'' Farah has undergraduate degrees in Metallurgy and Philosophy from MIT, and a doctorate in Psychology from Harvard University. She has taught at Carnegie Mellon University and at the University of Pennsylvania, where she is now Walter H. Annenberg Professor of Natural Sciences and Director of the Center for Neuroscience & Society.
Cooper High is named for Oscar Henry Cooper, who was president of Baylor University from 1898 to 1902. Prior to such time, his advocacy for a state-supported and state-controlled university led to the establishment of the University of Texas. After his time at Baylor, Dr. Cooper was president of Hardin-Simmons University in Abilene until 1909. Thereafter, he headed ``Cooper's Boys' School'' in Abilene until 1915.
Minor Hall studied at New Orleans University until 1914, then began playing with Kid Ory in the middle of the decade. He played in various New Orleans ensembles such as the Superior Band, then moved to Chicago in 1918. He took his brother's spot in Lawrence Duhe's band briefly before serving in the U.S. Army during World War I. By the time he returned, King Oliver was leading Duhe's band, which Hall rejoined in 1921. In 1926 he played with Jimmy Noone, and then moved to California for an extended run with Mutt Carey's Jeffersonians (1927--32).
He was born in Krasnodar, Russia, in 1972. He studied at Kuban State University in the Department of Journalism and also at Moscow Humanitarian University in the Department of Russian Language and Literature. Since 1995 and to 2007 he lived in Canada and attended courses in Russian Literature at the University of Toronto. Between the years 1991-1995 he worked as a press reporter in Krasnodar and Sochi and was the editor of a Krasnodar newspaper in Tuapse. Alexandre Bondar's prose has been published in numerous Russian-language magazines and newspapers in Canada, the United States and Russia, and in several books published in Moscow and Montreal, including critically acclaimed ``Nochnoj Kabak. (Povesti i rasskazy)'' (``Night Restaurant. Selected novels and short stories'' (``Klenovye Listja'', Montreal)). Alexandre Bondar is a member of the North American Writers' Union. In 2007 he returned in Russia. Now he lives in Moscow.
Charles Romeyn Dake (December 22, 1849 -- 1899) was a 19th-century American homeopathic physician and writer. He was an 1873 graduate of the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons, and he practiced in Belleville, Illinois. In 1893 he became editor of the journal Homeopathic News.
Richard Harned (born 1951) is a contemporary kinetic sculptor and glass artist. Harned trained under Dale Chihuly in the 1970s at the Rhode Island School of Design (RISD) with other artists of the American Glass Movement, including Bruce Chao and Tom Kreager. In 1974, he established the Abstract Glass studio in Providence, Rhode Island. After graduating from and teaching at RISD, he also taught glass art at Arkansas State University in Jonesboro and the University of Tennessee. He joined the faculty of Ohio State University in 1982.
He invented the Blacker Bombard, laid the basis of the PIAT - both based on the spigot mortar - and the Ayre Petard. The Hedgehog anti-submarine spigot-mortar was developed from the Blacker Bombard. A descendent of Valentine Blacker (1778--1823), he was born in Cheshire to Major Latham Blacker of the Indian Army. He was educated at Cheltenham College and Bedford School, before going to the Royal Military College at Sandhurst. After passing out from the college in 1907, he was commissioned into the Indian Army himself. He served in Afghanistan, Turkestan, and Russia, earning several mentions in dispatches. He served with the 69th Punjabis, Queen's Own Corps of Guides, and 57th Wilde's Rifles.
Son of lithographer Isac Wilhelm Tegner, Hans studied at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts from 1869 to 1878. His first art exhibition was in 1882, featuring watercolour illustrations of Hans Christian Andersen's story The Tinderbox. His second, and last, exhibition in 1889 was a watercolour painting celebrating the 50-year jubilee of the Constitution of Denmark, and was bought by king Christian IX of Denmark. From 1883 to 1888, Tegner painted a series of illustrations for the works of Ludvig Holberg, his greatest artistic accomplishment. The second great accomplishment of Tegner, was his exquisite illustrations produced for the so-called international selection () of Andersen's fairy tales, finished in 1901.
O'Hara was ordained to the priesthood by Cardinal Basilio Pompilj on April 3, 1920. He earned a doctorate in canon and civil law from the Pontifical Roman Athenaeum S. Apollinare in 1924. He spent several years studying abroad, traveling through Europe and the Middle East. Following his return to Pennsylvania in 1926, O'Hara became private secretary to Cardinal Dennis Joseph Dougherty, the Archbishop of Philadelphia. He also served as a judge on the archdiocesan matrimonial court.
Dido started working on her third album in October 2005 in Los Angeles. The album was produced by Jon Brion and Dido herself. Collaborators include Brian Eno, Questlove, Mick Fleetwood, Rollo Armstrong and Matt Chamberlain. Recording sessions were held at London's Abbey Road and at Jon Brion's home studio in Los Angeles. During production of the album, Dido attended evening classes in music and English at the University of California, Los Angeles.
Tara Gray attended Pelham High School and worked as a reporter and anchor for the school's broadcast journalism department. She later attended Auburn University and continued with similar roles in the field of journalism. She was a member of Sigma Kappa Sorority. She graduated in 2000 with a major in Mass Communication and a double minor in Psychology and Spanish.
Lis Frost (born 1961) was a Swedish cross country skier who competed from 1986 to 1997. Competing in three Winter Olympics, she earned her best overall finish of sixth in the 4 x 5 km relay at Calgary in 1988 and her best individual finish of 28th in the 30 km event at Lillehammer in 1994.
Jim Roth was born in 1962 and was raised in West Des Moines, Iowa, a suburb of Des Moines. He graduated from West Des Moines Valley High School in 1980.
Ryan was born in San Jose, California, and was raised in several areas of the San Joaquin Valley and the Mojave Desert. After attending Antelope Valley College, she received bachelor's and master's degrees in English from University of California, Los Angeles. Since 1971, she has lived in Marin County, California, and has taught English part-time at the College of Marin in Kentfield. Carol Adair, who was also an instructor at the College of Marin, was Ryan's partner from 1978 until Adair's death in 2009.
Cuthbert Ottaway was born in Dover, the only child of James Ottaway, a surgeon and former mayor of the town. He was educated at Eton (where he was a King's Scholar) and at Brasenose College, Oxford, where he displayed a versatility as a sportsman matched only by his near-contemporary Alfred Lyttelton. Representing his school in the annual cricket match against Harrow, twice victor in the Public Schools' Rackets Doubles Championship, and winning Blues for representing his university at football (1874), cricket (1870--73), racquets (1870-3), athletics (1873) and real tennis (1870-2), Ottaway was -- an Oxford newspaper remembered after his death -- ``a great cricketer... the best amateur racquet player of his time, a capital football player and a fair sprint runner. It has fallen to the lot of few amateur cricketers to attain greater popularity, and his reception on the day when he took his degree at Oxford was something to be remembered.''
Clint Mauro was raised in Mishawaka, Indiana to an Italian American family; his father was a fan of Clint Eastwood, after whom he named his son. Mauro attended Mishawaka High School where he was team captain and MVP twice in his basketball team. After high school he briefly attended Anderson University before moving to Los Angeles to pursue a career in modeling and acting.
Jes Bundsen, architectural and landscape painter and etcher, was born at Assens in 1766. He attended the Academy of Copenhagen in 1786, and studied also in Dresden, after which he became a teacher of drawing and a painter in Hamburg and Altona. He died at the latter town in 1829. He chiefly painted views in the vicinity of these places, as well as interiors of churches. He etched several plates in outline, and also practised lithography to some extent.
Elizabeth Bowen was born on 7 June 1899 at 15 Herbert Place in Dublin, Ireland and was baptized in the nearby St Stephen's Church on Upper Mount Street. Her parents Henry Charles Cole Bowen and Florence Colley Bowen later brought her to Bowen's Court at Farahy, near Kildorrery, County Cork where she spent her summers. When her father became mentally ill in 1907, she and her mother moved to England, eventually settling in Hythe. After her mother died in 1912, Bowen was brought up by her aunts. She was educated at Downe House School, under the headship of Olive Willis. After some time at art school in London she decided that her talent lay in writing. She mixed with the Bloomsbury Group, becoming good friends with Rose Macaulay, who helped her find a publisher for her first book, a collection of short stories entitled Encounters (1923).
After graduating (1963) from Wakefield High School (Arlington County, Virginia), Adams completed pre-med coursework at the George Washington University. He began medical school without an undergraduate degree, and earned his Doctor of Medicine degree at Virginia Commonwealth University (Medical College of Virginia) in 1971. In the late 60s one of his closest friends (a man, not a woman as depicted in the Patch Adams film) was murdered. Convinced of the powerful connection between environment and wellness, he believes the health of an individual cannot be separated from the health of the family, community, and the world. While working in an adolescent clinic at MCV, in his final year of med school, he met Linda Edquist, a fellow VCU student who volunteered in the clinic. Soon after graduation, Patch, Linda, and friends founded the Gesundheit! Institute (originally known to many as the Zanies), which ran as a free community hospital for 12 years.
Darin Nesbitt is an instructor of Political Science at Douglas College, in New Westminster, British Columbia, Canada.
Actor Melville Ruick was born in Boise, Idaho on July 8, 1898. He studied law at the University of California, but World War I changed him from a student lawyer to a student pilot. Ruick won his wings in the Air Service, Signal Corps, two weeks before the end of the war.
He was a Trustee of the Queensland Art Gallery from 1969 to 1987 and Officer-in-charge of Fine Art at the Queensland College of Art between 1974 and 1984. Rigby received an honorary doctorate from Griffith University in 1994 for services to the arts and was made an honorary member of the Royal Queensland Art Society in 2001. He was the subject of a book ``John Rigby: Art and Life'' launched by the Queensland Art Gallery in 2003. In 2004, the Museum of Brisbane held a special survey of his portraits spanning some 50 years.
Akiko Ebi was born in Osaka. She studied at the Tokyo University of the Arts, and won the piano prize of the 41st Music Competition of Japan. Her international career began with her winning second prize in the 1975 Marguerite Long-Jacques Thibaud Competition in Paris. She continued her studies with Aldo Ciccolini at the Conservatoire de Paris. In 1980 she won fifth prize at the International Chopin Piano Competition, after which Martha Argerich, who was a member of the jury, took patronage over her.
John David Millett was born in Indianapolis, Indiana of parents who had come from small towns in southwestern Indiana. He was the first of two children, the only son, born to Grover Allan Millett (1884--1953)and Helen Elizabeth (Welch) Millett (1886--1968). His father had been a successful businessman in the 1920s, but went bust in the Great Depression. Millett attended Indianapolis public schools and was graduated from Shortridge High School in 1929. He received a Rector Scholarship and entered DePauw University in Greencastle, IN, in 1929 and was graduated with highest honors in 1933. Widely recognized as a campus leader, he was editor of the school newspaper, Phi Beta Kappa, and president of his fraternity, Phi Delta Theta. After a year traveling around the world, he entered Columbia University as a graduate student in 1934 in political science with a specialty in public administration. On September 2, 1934, he married Catherine Letsinger of Bloomfield, IN, whom he had dated at DePauw and who was earning her degree in the School of Journalism at Columbia. He received his Ph.D in January 1938 at the age of 25 and spent one year as post-doctoral student at the London School of Economics. He returned to teaching at Columbia University in 1939. At the beginning of World War II, he joined the personal staff of Gen. Brehon B. Somervell, commander of the Army Service Forces, in the Pentagon (which Somervell had designed and built as the commander of the Army Corps of Engineers). He rose from the rank of Major to full Colonel and received the Legion of Merit for his military service.
Jerome Walman is an American composer and certified instructor of the Schillinger System of Musical Composition. He studied at Boston University, Juilliard School of Music, Berklee School of Music, and at New York University (where he studied under Rudolph Schramm). Walman is one of the last certified of instructors of the Schillinger System. He was actively involved with Lehman Engel's BMI Musical Theater Workshop, where many of his works were performed in concert.
Ira Stoll (born 1972) is editor of FutureOfCapitalism.com. He was vice president and managing editor of The New York Sun, which was published from 2002 to 2008. Previously, he served as Washington correspondent and managing editor of The Forward and as North American editor of the Jerusalem Post. He is a graduate of Worcester Academy and Harvard University, where he graduated from in 1994 and served as president of the Crimson.
Stephens claimed he had been the victim of a negative campaign, citing mailings that were distributed calling him a 'country-club liberal' and highlighting his close relationship with Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver. However, Stephens himself drew criticism when he refused to repudiate a letter about challenger Greg Ball which falsely claimed Mr. Ball had received a dishonorable discharge from the United States Air Force. Stephens was also criticized heavily for not returning campaign contributions from indicted Connecticut trash magnate James Galante.
Jane Asher -- President Jane Asher became president of Arthritis Care in 2003. She has generously given her time to represent the organisation at a number of events and regularly chairs the annual general meeting. Jane is committed to playing an active role in the charity and enjoys having the opportunity to meet people with arthritis and discuss the issues that affect them. In addition to her position with Arthritis Care, Jane is a well known actress, best-selling novelist, businesswoman, and patron and president of a number of other UK charities. In 2001 she received an Honorary Doctor of Laws degree from the University of Bristol. http://www.arthritiscare.org.uk/AboutUs/AboutArthritisCare/PatronandPresident
Jeanne Pool was born in Paris, Illinois, and studied music in New York City at Hunter College of the City University of New York, where she received a bachelor's degree in music. She received a masters degree from California State University, Northridge, and a Ph.D. from Claremont Graduate University. After completing her studies, Pool taught music at Fullerton College and Mount Saint Mary's College and worked as a radio and music producer. She began composing for stage productions and youth orchestras and went on to compose sacred and orchestral works. Her compositions have been performed internationally.
After growing up in a northern California, Gabe Jennings and his family then moved to Madison, Wisconsin, where Gabe enrolled in Madison East High School. In the fall of 1994, Gabe qualified for the WIAA Division 1 State Cross Country Championships and placed eighth overall. In the spring of 1995, he won State titles in both the 1600 m (4:15.6) and 3200 m (9:15.7).
Martha Schwartz, born 1950, is an American landscape architect. Her background is in the fine arts as well as landscape architecture, and her projects range from private to urban scale. She studied at the Harvard Graduate School of Design and graduated from the University of Michigan. Schwartz currently has firms in Cambridge, Massachusetts and London.
Leopold Lummerstorfer is one of the younger directors of the new Austrian cinema. As early as 19, he made his first long film ``My Country in Pink'', an adventurous feature with underground, cult character. He studied ethnology and philosophy at the University of Vienna, worked in very diverse occupations such as road construction worker, journalist, estate manager, long-distance heating supervisor and youth social worker. Parallel to this, he made a set of short features as well as documentary films, including ``The Dream That Remains'', a film ``that goes from a social study to a gentle, true satire without much effort. A surprise success for domestic cinema, in artistic value and in public numbers and a politically alert as well as amusing film'' (Die Presse). His films usually highlight a social focus, which he brings to the screen, documentarily or fictionally, by means of accurate narrative structure. His last feature, ``White Cherries'' (with Martin Puntigam, Josef Hader, and Maria Hofstätter), was acclaimed as the, up to then, most successful new generation film in Austrian cinema. His work has received numerous festival invitations (among others, San Francisco, São Paulo, Saarbruecken, Istanbul, Cinéma du réel Paris) and awards. Leopold Lummerstorfer lives in Vienna, where he also now regularly directs the ORF feature, ``Show without a Name'', an individual youth format with most satisfying viewer numbers, also above the 50.
K. Balachander was born on 9 July 1930 in a Tamil Brahmin family to Saraswati and Dhandapani at Nannilam in the then Tanjore district (now Tiruvarur District), India. He completed his B. Sc., (Zoology) in 1949 at Annamalai University. While working in the Accountant General's Office as a Superintendent in the 1960s, he came to prominence as an amateur playwright with his dynamic plays like Major Chandrakanth, Server Sundaram, Neerkumizhi, Mezhuguvarthi, Naanal and Navagraham. The plays, which were produced and directed by him, were an instant success and enjoyed both popular and critical acclaim. His films always carried a message for the society, with his personal directorial touch.
Harriet Lane Levy (1867--1950) is a California writer best known for her memoir, 920 O’Farrell Street. Levy was also an avid art collector, a girlhood friend of Alice B. Toklas, and an acquaintance of Gertrude Stein. She was born into an upper-middle-class Jewish family and raised in San Francisco. As the first part of her autobiography, 920 O’Farrell Street chronicles her childhood in an upper-middle-class San Francisco neighborhood. Additionally, young women such as Levy were expected to marry well-off men, which generated additional societal expectations. However, the intellectually inclined Levy was hesitant to marry early. Instead, she graduated from the University of California at Berkeley in 1886 and became a prominent writer for popular San Francisco publications, like the San Francisco Call. She also wrote for The Wave with notable writers such as Jack London and Frank Norris. Another one of Levy's passions was traveling. She visited Paris many times, the first being with her friends Michael (brother of Gertrude Stein) and Sarah Stein. She later returned to live in Paris with Toklas for two years. In 1910 she resettled in San Francisco, at the age of 47, continuing to live independently by pursuing her intellectual interests (such as psychology and Christian Science) until her death in 1950. (image of Harriet Levy and Alice B. Toklas)
Brett Stewart is a conductor, composer, pianist, and vocalist. The oldest of the two Stewarts, he did his doctoral studies in choral conducting at the University of Cincinnati -- College-Conservatory of Music, his master's studies in choral conducting at the music department of California State University, Long Beach, and his bachelor's studies in piano performance at Brigham Young University. His mentors include Earl Rivers, Stephen Coker, Dale Warland, Jonathan Talberg, Ronald Staheli, Rosalind Hall, Mack Wilberg, Jeffrey Shumway, Joseph Matthews, Ted Reid, and Susan Bana.
Leslie Christidis graduated as Bachelor of Science at the University of Melbourne in 1980. In 1985 he required his Ph.D. at the Australian National University where he studied the evolutionary genetics of Australian finches.
Professor Jenny Williams is an author and academic at Dublin City University. She earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in German from Queen's University Belfast in 1974 and a PhD in Medieval Historiography and Heroic Literature in 1979. Until 2007 she was the head of Dublin City's School of Applied Language and Intercultural Studies.
Fumi Yoshinaga was born in Tokyo, Japan in 1971. She attended the prestigious Keio University in Tokyo.
Scott Jacobson (born 1977) is an American comedy writer and winner of four Emmys for contributions to The Daily Show With Jon Stewart. He has also written for The Academy Awards, Robert Smigel's TV Funhouse cartoons, and the Adult Swim show Squidbillies and is currently a writer on Fox's animated show Bob's Burgers. He grew up in North Carolina, where he attended the North Carolina School of Science and Mathematics and the University of North Carolina in Chapel Hill. Throughout high school he regularly participated in National High School Rodeo Association rodeos, particularly in the goat tying and team roping events.
Launched in 1988 by the two largest North American Mennonite denominations and the Church of the Brethren, Christian Peacemaker Teams has consisted to the present (2011) of volunteers trained in nonviolent action, who are then sent to conflict zones. For its first 16 years, the organization was led by renowned peace activist Gene Stoltzfus, a graduate of Mennonite-founded Goshen College in Indiana. Merwyn De Mello, a 2005 graduate of CJP with ethnic roots in India and Africa, was named co-director of Christian Peacemaker Teams beginning January 2012. In 2005, Tom Fox, a Quaker from Virginia who had taken a ``strategic nonviolence'' class at CJP in 2004, was the first to die in the service of Christian Peacemaker Teams. He had been serving in Iraq -- often working tandem with Muslim Peacemaker Teams -- when taken hostage and eventually killed. A year later, Alharith Abdulhameed Hassan, an Iraqi-Muslim psychiatrist who had attended the Summer Peacebuilding Institute in the summer of 2004 (sponsored by MCC) and who was out-spoken in his advocacy of peace processes, was waylaid and killed by armed men while traveling to work in Baghdad.
Ashland High School was originally a one-room structure. The late Judge H. Welborn Ayres, an Ashland native and AHS alumnus, refers to it as ``one of the foremost rural high schools in the state,'' having offered instruction even in the less-studied subjects of physics and medieval history. Andrew R. Johnson, who had once taught school in Arkansas, donated the land for the original 1907 Ashland public school. Later a banker and the mayor of Homer in Claiborne Parish, Johnson also served in the Louisiana State Senate from 1916--1924, having represented Bienville and Claiborne parishes.
Thomas C. Patterson is an American politician and the current chairman of the Goldwater Institute, having held that position since 2000. He was elected to the Arizona State Senate in 1989, serving as minority leader from 1991 to 1992 and majority leader from 1993 to 1996. Patterson was the author of legislation creating Arizona's charter school system and welfare reform program. Until 1998, he was a practicing physician and president of Emergency Physicians, Inc.. Patterson also served as president of the Arizona chapter of the American College of Emergency Physicians. He is a graduate of Yale University and the University of Nebraska.
David Dwight Baldwin was born November 26, 1831 in Honolulu. His father was early missionary doctor Dwight Baldwin (1798--1886), and his mother was Charlotte Fowler Baldwin (1805--1873). After a few years living in Waimea, the family moved to the island of Maui around 1837. From 1841 through 1851, Baldwin attended Punahou School in Honolulu, and graduated from Yale in 1857. He married Lois Gregory Morris (1837--1924) on October 7 of that year at Bridgeport, Connecticut. The couple returned to the Kingdom of Hawaii in 1858, and had nine children, although one died young.
Leland B. Harrison was born in New York City on April 25, 1883, the son of W. Henry Harrison and Helen (Skidmore) Harrison. He was educated at Eton College, Harvard College, and Harvard Law School.
Yang is married to Akiko Yamazaki, a Japanese woman who was raised in Costa Rica. Yamazaki graduated from Stanford University with a degree in industrial engineering and is a director with the Wildlife Conservation Network. The couple met at Stanford University in the Kyoto overseas program in 1992.
Eve Leigh is a theatre director who lives and works in London. Her production of Lisa Kron's Well transferred from the Trafalgar Studios to the Apollo Theatre. Well starred Sarah Miles, Natalie Casey, and Oliver Chris. It was the first production of Well outside the U.S., and Leigh's second professional show. Her first production was her own adaptation of The Dybbuk, by S. Ansky. It ran at the King's Head Theatre in Islington in January and February 2008. She graduated from Jesus College, Cambridge in 2006, where she studied history.
Ryland Adkins, as he was known at least professionally, was the son of William Adkins JP of Springfield, Northampton and his wife Harriet (née Dent) of the Manor House, Milton, Northampton. He was educated at Mill Hill School, University College, London where he obtained a BA degree and Balliol College, Oxford where he won a History Exhibition. He was an ardent Free churchman and was an active member of the Congregational Union.
Stephen Fox is a clarinetist, saxophonist and clarinet maker based in Richmond Hill, Ontario, Canada. He is widely regarded as one of the world's foremost makers of custom, hand-built professional clarinets. Born in England, Fox completed a master's degree in physics at the University of Saskatchewan before earning a degree in clarinet performance. He began a career in instrument repair in 1985 and started making clarinets in 1990. Fox makes modern soprano, basset, and bass clarinets, and basset horns. In addition he makes tárogatós, and is one of only a handful of makers of reproduction historical clarinets in the world. In 2006 he introduced the world's first Bohlen-Pierce clarinets. Fox clarinets are played by Toronto Symphony Orchestra principal clarinetist Joaquin Valdepenas, Canadian big band leader Don Pierre, klezmer artist Kurt Bjorling of the band Brave Old World, Norwegian clarinetist Terje Lerstad, Binghamton University music professor Timothy Perry, Swiss multi-instrumentalist Peter A. Schmid, and many others in in Europe, Japan, the United States, and Canada. Fox also teaches musical instrument making at the Musikk Instrument Akademiet in Norway. As an instrumentalist, Fox performs and records with the chamber music groups Riverdale Ensemble and Ossia.
Morris was born September 18, 1955 and grew up in Hermosa Beach, California. His father, Jerry, had been a budding jazz drummer in his youth and practiced with visiting jazz groups at the Lighthouse Café, later opening a bait shop in the 1970s and striking up a friendship with Ozzie Cadena (both men's sons, Keith and Dez, later became singers in Black Flag). Keith attended Mira Costa High School, where brothers Greg and Raymond Ginn were also students, and graduated in 1973. He then studied fine art and painting at the Pasadena Arts Center while working at his father's bait shop. One of his co-workers at the shop was Bill Stevenson, a Mira Costa student eight years Morris' junior who would also go on to be a member of Black Flag.
Lord Spencer was born at Wimbledon Park, London, the son of John Spencer, 1st Earl Spencer and his wife Margaret Georgiana Poyntz, daughter of Stephen Poyntz, and was baptised there on the 16 October 1758. His godparents were King George II, the Earl Cowper (his grandmother's second husband) and his great-aunt the Dowager Viscountess Bateman. His sister Lady Georgiana married the Duke of Devonshire and became a famed Whig hostess. He was educated at Harrow School from 1770 to 1775 and he won the school's Silver Arrow (an archery prize) in 1771. He then attended Trinity College, Cambridge from 1776 to 1778 and graduated with a Master of Arts. He acceded to the earldom upon the death of his father in 1783.
Judge Frank Cruise Haymond was born in Marion County, West Virginia April 13, 1887. In 1906, he attended Harvard University after graduating from Fairmont State Normal School, later known as Fairmont State University. He received his LL.B. degree from Harvard Law School. He practiced law in Fairmont and served for six years as judge of the Circuit Court of Marion County.
Sheffi serves as Director of MIT's Engineering Systems Division since 2007 and the director of the MIT Center for Transportation and Logistics since 1992. In 2003 he launched the Zaragoza Logistics Center, situated in PLAZA, the largest logistics park in Europe. In 2008 he launched the Center for Latin-American Logistics Innovation in Bogota, Colombia. In 2011 he launched the Malaysia Logistics Innovation Institute. Yossi Sheffi obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Technion -- Israel Institute of Technology in 1975, Master of Science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in 1977 and his Ph.D. from MIT in 1978.
Young Lord developed his equestrian skills on his mother's fruit farm in the Hudson River Valley. He started spending summers at sea, and from the deck of cargo ships, painted and sketched the landscapes he encountered-- Africa, the Mediterranean and China. He was educated at St. Benedict Joseph Labre School, John Adams High School, in Ozone Park, New York, and the United States Merchant Marine Academy, then located at Fort Trumbull in New London, Connecticut, graduating as an Ensign with a Third Mates License. He attended New York University on a football scholarship, and earned a degree in Fine Arts.
Frances Mossiker was born in Dallas, Texas on April 3, 1906. She was a student at Smith College but not allowed to continue as a student after eloping with her first husband at sixteen. She then went to Barnard College in New York, was Phi Beta Kappa in her junior year and graduated in 1927. She also studied at the Sorbonne in Paris, becoming fluent in French. Mossiker's first marriage lasted until 1929 and in October 1935 she remarried to Jake Mossiker. She eventually earned a Doctorate of Letters from Southern Methodist University in 1972. Frances lived in Dallas most of her life but spent much of her time traveling to Paris, London, and New York. She remained in Texas until her death on May 9, 1985.
Ernesto Cordero began his higher studies in 1963 when he entered the Conservatory of Music in Puerto Rico and he continued at the Madrid Royal Conservatory, Spain where he earned a diploma in 1971. Subsequently, he did post-graduate work in composition with Roberto Caggiano in Rome, Italy from 1972 to 1974 and with Julian Orbón in New York from 1977 to 1978. He first studied guitar from 1961 to 1964 with Jorge Rubiano and he later worked with several teachers, most importantly Regino Sainz de la Maza in Spain in the 60s and Alirio Díaz and Claudio de Angelis in Italy in 1972. Since 1971 he taught composition and guitar in the music department of the University of Puerto Rico. In addition to his activities as composer, performer and teacher, Ernesto Cordero, was music director since 1980 to 1997 of the International Guitar Festival of Puerto Rico.
Rudolf Staffel taught at the Tyler School of Art in Elkins Park, Pennsylvania from 1940, until his retirement in 1978. In 1997, he had a retrospective at the Philadelphia Museum of Art.
Min was born on June 21, 1991 in Seoul, South Korea. At a very young age, she had already been exposed to the entertainment industry as she had took part in ``BoBoBo'' (The Korean version of Sesame Street). At 13 years old, she and Girls' Generation's member, Hyoyeon, formed a dance duo called ``Little Winners''. Videos of Little Winners have become a popular watch on Youtube. Min auditioned to be a part of JYP Entertainment when she was in the 6th grade. After a year of training, she was sent to the U.S. to train some more as she prepares for a U.S. debut. She went to study at Montclair College Preparatory School in Los Angeles, and later moved to the Repertory Company High School in Manhattan. Min had revealed on an episode of Oh! My School, a South Korean variety show, that on the sixth year of her training, she had ran away after being disheartened from the recurring delay of her U.S. debut. She said that no one, not even her family nor JYP, knew that she had gone back to South Korea in 2008. She worked several jobs including being a Dance teacher and an English teacher for about 18 months.
Rhodes was born in Purau on Banks Peninsula, the son of sheep farmer and politician Robert Heaton Rhodes. He came to England to attend Brasenose College, Oxford, from which he graduated in 1884. He was called to the bar by the Inner Temple in 1887.
Sam Apple , a graduate of the University of Michigan, is a non-fiction book writer and the editor-in-chief and publisher of The Faster Times. Apple has written two books for Ballantine Books, Schlepping Through the Alps: My Search for Austria's Jewish Past with Its Last Wandering Shepherd and American Parent: My Strange and Surprising Adventures in Modern Babyland.
Joe Forte is an American screenplay writer and painter. Born in New Jersey, he is a graduate of New York University's Tisch School of the Arts. Writer of Firewall, the 2006 thriller starring Harrison Ford, and producer of 2005 film, ``Say I Do''. Forte is currently adapting the award-winning novel Outhttp://www.pro.imdb.com/title/tt1401617/ for New Line Cinemas, and is creating a one-hour drama series for 20th Century Fox called The Pack, based on the book by New York indie novelist Jason Starr.
Peter Block completed his undergraduate studies in Industrial Management at the University of Kansas in 1961 and obtained a Masters Degree in Industrial Administration from Yale University in 1963. He started his career as an organizational consultant in 1963 in the information service department at Esso (today ExxonMobil). In the early 1970s Peter co-founded the consulting firm ``Block Petrella Weisbord'' with Tony Petrella and Marvin Weisbord. He is also founder of The School for Managing of the Association for Quality and Participation as well as the training company Designed Learning. Peter serves on the Board of Directors of Cincinnati Classical Public Radio, the Advisory Board for The Festival in the Workplace Institute as well as the Board of Elementz Hip Hop Center in Cincinnati. Together with other volunteers, Peter started A Small Group, that aims to facilitate discourse towards a new community narrative as underscored by Peter's work on civic engagement. PR Newswire recently reported that Peter Block joined LivePerson Inc's Board of Directors.
William Nanson Lettsom (1796--1865) was an English man of letters. He was the son of John Miers Lettsom, M.D. (son of John Coakley Lettsom), by Rachel, daughter of William Nanson, born 4 February 1796. He passed from Eton College to Trinity College, Cambridge, where he graduated B.A. in 1818 and M.A. in 1822, and won prizes for the Latin ode and two epigrams in 1816, and for the ode again in 1817.
Kevin Thomas (born September 20, 1986 in Oxnard, California) is an American football cornerback for the Indianapolis Colts, after being selected in the third round of the NFL Draft. He played college football at the University of Southern California.
Peter Mansbridge received his first honorary degree in 1999 from Mount Allison University in Sackville, New Brunswick where he currently serves as Chancellor. On July 1, 2008, he was appointed by Michaëlle Jean, Governor General of Canada as Officer of the Order of Canada, the second grade of the highest civilian honour in Canada. He received an honorary Doctor of Laws degree from the University of Manitoba in Winnipeg, Manitoba in 2001. He received an honorary Doctor of Journalism degree from Ryerson University in Toronto in 2005. He received the honorary degree Doctor of Laws, honoris causa (LL.D.) from the University of Western Ontario, in London, Ontario on June 9, 2008. He received an honorary Doctor of Laws degree from the University of Windsor in Windsor, Ontario on June 17, 2010.
Douglas was educated at Dauntsey's School in Wiltshire, and later at Faraday House in London, where he earned a bachelor of science (engineering) with honours, as well as a Gold Medal.
He was born in London the son of the medical doctor William Heberden the Elder and his wife Mary Wollaston. He was educated at Charterhouse School and St John's College, Oxford and followed his father into medicine becoming the Physician at St George's Hospital, London (1793--1803) and Physician in Ordinary to the Queen (1806) and to George III (1809).
Park was born in Seoul, South Korea. She moved to Hawaii at the age of 12, and then to Arizona. She received the 1996 Dial Award as top female high-school scholar-athlete in the United States. She attended Arizona State University and graduated from Ewha Womans University in 2003.
Ajay Ahuja was born in Kota, Rajasthan. He did his schooling from Saint Paul's Senior Secondary School, Mala Road Kota, a renowned missionary school for boys. He graduated from the National Defence Academy (India) and was commissioned a fighter pilot on June 14, 1985 in the IAF.
Ellis was born in Los Angeles, CA on July 25, 1934. His father was a Methodist minister and his mother a church organist. He attended West High School in Minneapolis, MN. It was after seeing a Tommy Dorsey Big Band concert that he first became interested in jazz. Other early inspirations were Louis Armstrong and Dizzy Gillespie. He graduated from Boston University in 1956 with a composition degree.
David Farrell Krell is a professor of philosophy at DePaul University. He received his Ph.D. in philosophy at Duquesne University, where he wrote his dissertation on Heidegger and Nietzsche. He has taught at many universities in Germany, France, and England. Specializing in Continental Philosophy, he has written many books on Heidegger and Nietzsche, including Daimon Life: Heidegger and Life Philosophy (1992), Intimations of Mortality: Time, Truth, and Finitude in Heidegger's Thinking of Being (1986), The Good European: Nietzsche's Work Sites in Word and Image (1997), and Infectious Nietzsche (1996). Additionally, Krell has written extensively about German Idealism, his books in this area include The Tragic Absolute: German Idealism and the Languishing of God (2005), and Contagion: Sexuality, Disease, and Death in German Idealism and Romanticism (Indiana, 1998). Krell has also translated Heidegger's lectures on Nietzsche, and was the editor of Heidegger's Basic Writings (1977). In a 2005 interview, Krell cited Jacques Derrida as a major influence on his work on Nietzsche.http://goliath.ecnext.com/coms2/summary_0199-5570175-- ITM
Lawrence was the third son of John Lawrence, 1st Baron Lawrence, and Harriette Katherine, daughter of Reverend Richard Hamilton. John Lawrence, 2nd Baron Lawrence, and Henry Arnold Lawrence were his brothers. He was educated at Marlborough College.
David O. Miller was born in Ashland, Kentucky in 1958. In 1981 he received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Graphic Design/Illustration from Eastern Kentucky University in Richmond, Kentucky with minors in both filmmaking and philosophy.
Gregory Finnegan (26 June 1980) is a British actor working in theatre, television and film. He studied at The Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art. He is best known for playing Gabriel Brennan in the television series Is Harry on the Boat? based on the novel by Colin Butts and for the universally well received revival of Noel Cowards The Rat Trap in which he starred at the Finborough Theatre in 2006. He has just completed filming on Lions Gate Entertainment's Blitz starring Paddy Considine and Jason Statham. Gregory is also a member of critically acclaimed comedy group the Grandees
Harry Forrester was born in Raymond, Illinois. He received the American Pacific Theater of War Ribbon and the American Theater of War Ribbon for his naval service during the Second World War. In 1949, he received his Bachelor's Degree from Millikin University, and in 1959 he received his Master's Degree from Eastern Illinois University.
The company's premiere production was Thomas Middleton's The Revenger's Tragedy, in a new adaptation by Meredith Oakes, which played at the Southwark Playhouse. Subsequent productions include Aleksandr Ostrovsky's A Family Affair, in a translation by Nick Dear, at the Arcola Theatre, Christopher Fry's The Lady's Not for Burning at the Finborough Theatre, and in a co-production with TFP, Orwell: A Celebration in an adaptation by Dominic Cavendish at the Trafalgar Studios.
After earlier studying physics at the University of Washington, Hasewaga graduated from Antioch University with areas of concentration in Labor Relations and Organizational and Social Change. He also holds an AA degree in Labor Studies from Shoreline Community College. He was an Executive Board Member of the King County Labor Council, AFL-CIO representing the transportation trades. He is an Advisory Board Member of the Community Alliance for Global Justice (CAGJ) (2001--present). June 30, 2001 was proclaimed ``Bob Hasegawa Day'' by Seattle Mayor Paul Schell and King County Executive Ron Sims. In addition to his political and social justice activities, Hasegawa is an advanced construction equipment operator. He holds a Class A-Commercial Drivers License, with certificates for Hazardous materials, Doubles/triples, Tanker, and M/C endorsements, air brake restriction removed, pilot car certified, DHS and FAA certified for SEA, BFI, EVT and RTN airfield movement area access.
Blake Price (born December 15, 1974, in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian sports journalist and NHL Hall of Famer. He is currently a co-host on the Team 1040 sports radio alongside former NHLer Dave Tomlinson. Price previously worked at MOJO sports radio as well as television in Saskatoon, Sports Page in Vancouver and three years at TSN anchoring SportsCentre from 2001 to 2004 and another stint in 2006. He graduated from the University of British Columbia and from British Columbia Institute of Technology. The British Columbia Association of Broadcasters named him ``Performer of Tomorrow'' in 2000. During his early career, he worked as a news and traffic reporter and as a writer and producer for radio.
Theodore Fawcett was born at Craven Hill, London, England on 10 February 1832. The son of a colonel in the Army, he was educated at Cheltenham College, and in 1851 was commissioned in The Carabiniers (6th Dragoon Guards).
Peter N. Kirstein is a professor of history at Saint Xavier University in Chicago, Illinois. He received his M.A. and Ph.D. from Saint Louis University, and his A.B. from Boston University, where he studied under Howard Zinn. Kirstein also attended Washington University in St. Louis. Kirstein received his university's Excellence in Teaching Award. He is known for his antiwar views and support of academic freedom. He identifies himself as a pacifist. He is currently Vice President of the Illinois Conference of the American Association of University Professors and is chair of the Illinois Conference Committee A on Academic Freedom and Tenure. He serves as an at-large member on his university's AAUP chapter council.
Arrigoitia (birth name: Delma S. Arrigoitia Peraza ) was born in the City of Arecibo to Enrique and Consuelo Arrigoitia. She was an only child and as such would often combat her loneliness by reading books. She came from a distinguished family whose love for education and culture served as her inspiration. She received her primary education at the Colegio San Felipe de Arecibo and her secondary education at the University High School of the University of Puerto Rico (also known as the UPR) in Rio Piedras. Arrigoitia earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in history from the University of Puerto Rico, where she was also a Magna Cum Laude student, with the highest GPA in her academic concentration. Arrigoitia continued her studies and, in 1966, became the first person in the University of Puerto Rico to earn a Masters Degree in history with her thesis La Diputacion Provincial de Puerto Rico, 1820-23.
Peter Obi was born on 19 July 1961 at Onitsha. He attended Christ the King College, Onitsha where he completed his secondary school education. He was admitted to the University of Nigeria, Nsukka in 1980, graduating with a B.A (Hons) in philosophy in 1984. Going into business, he became Chairman of Next International Nigeria Ltd, then Chairman and Director of Guardian Express Mortgage Bank Ltd, Guardian Express Bank Plc, Future View Securities Ltd, Paymaster Nigeria Ltd, Chams Nigeria Ltd, Data Corp Ltd and Card Centre Ltd. He was the youngest Chairman of Fidelity Bank PLC. Peter Obi married Margaret Brownson Usen in 1992 after which they had their first child Gabriella Nwamaka Frances Obi, two years later they had their first son Gregory Peter Oseloka Obi.
Saleema Nawaz was born in Ottawa, Ontario in 1979. An only child, Nawaz was raised solely by her Nova-Scotian mother in the Ottawa neighbourhood of Centretown, in the absence of her Indian father. Nawaz claims to have begun showing interest in writing fiction as early as the first grade. During her high school years she attended Lisgar Collegiate Institute, a highly-regarded public school near her Centretown home. Upon graduation from high school Nawaz attended Carleton University in Ottawa.
Edwin Waterhouse was educated at University College School and then its associated university University College London. In later life he published his memoirs, describing his upbringing, education and professional life, along with his relationship with his two brothers.
Downs, born in San Francisco, was raised in his mother's native Elizabethtown and Hyden, Kentucky; Nashville; and Kapaa, Kauai, Hawaii. His writing has been called ``thoroughly original and completely authentic'' by fellow Kentucky native Fenton Johnson. He is the grandson of noted virologist and naturalist Wilbur G. Downs. He is a B.A. graduate of Yale University, where his advisor was Bancroft Prize-winning historian Melvin Patrick Ely.
Paul Boulet was born in Marseille and raised in Béziers and Montpellier. He studied medicine at the University of Montpellier. He served in the French Army during the First World War, initially as a stretcher-bearer and later as a medical officer. He was captured late in the war and held as a prisoner of war in Germany. For his services he received the Croix de guerre and was appointed a chevalier of the Légion d'honneur in 1920, becoming an officer of the order in 1944.
Pieter de Groot was born in Rotterdam, the second son of Hugo de Groot and Maria van Reigersbergen. After his father's celebrated escape from Loevestein castle in 1621, he followed his parents into exile in Paris. Because of this Loevestein-connection (the name of the state prison was also used as an epithet by his Orangist opponents) it was later said of him that he was un oeuf pourri, couvé a Louvestein and he indeed suffered from a weak constitution all his life. His father personally schooled him, and took care of a broad education. He studied law at Leiden University.
Glen F. Post, III is the chief executive officer and president of CenturyLink, an S&P 500 integrated communications service provider based out of Monroe, Louisiana. He earned a bachelor's degree in accounting in 1974 at Louisiana Tech University and an MBA in 1976 at LA Tech. Post joined CenturyLink in 1976. He was named vice president in 1982 and was promoted to senior vice president and treasurer in 1984. He was appointed to the CenturyLink board of directors in 1985, and the following year he was promoted to senior vice president and chief financial officer. In 1988 Post was named executive vice president and chief operating officer. He became the president and chief operating officer of CenturyLink in 1990. In 1992 Post was named vice chairman of the board, president, and chief executive officer. In 2002 he was appointed chairman of the board and chief executive officer. Since 2009 Post has served as chief executive officer and president of CenturyLink. With a total compensation of $6.56 million in 2010, Post ranks 165th on the Forbes executive pay list of 2010. His honors include: Louisiana Tech College of Administration and Business Distinguished Alumni in 1991, Louisiana Tech University Tower Medallion Award in 1997 and DeGree Enterprises Lifetime Achievement Award in Business 2003.
Eric Byler (born January 15, 1972) is an American film director, screenwriter and political activist. He identifies as hapa biracial, born to a Chinese American mother and a white American father. He grew up in Virginia, Hawaii (where he attended Moanalua High School), and California. He graduated from Wesleyan University in 1994, majoring in film. He currently lives in Gainesville, Virginia.
She grew up in New York City, attending the Bronx High School of Science. She graduated from Radcliffe College, magna cum laude, studying with Robert Lowell, Robert Fitzgerald, Elizabeth Bishop, Robert Shaw, James Richardson, and Jane Shore. She graduated from Johns Hopkins University, where she studied with Richard Howard, Cynthia Macdonald and David St. John. She taught at Boston University, and Harvard University.
Lawrence D. Cohen (born 1933) is an American attorney, politician and judge. Cohen graduated from the University of Minnesota Law School in 1957 and entered private practice as an attorney at law in Minnesota. He was elected to the Ramsey County, Minnesota Board of Commissioners in 1970 serving two years before being elected mayor of the city of Saint Paul, Minnesota, 1972-76. Succeeded by George Latimer as mayor, Cohen returned to the private practice of law until appointed as a Minnesota state judge by Governor Rudy Perpich in 1988. Judge Cohen retired in 2002.
Wang Hui was born in Yangzhou, Jiangsu, in 1959. After finishing high school in Yangzhou, Wang Hui worked for two years as a factory worker before entering college. He completed his undergraduate studies at Yangzhou University (then Yangzhou Normal College), and then graduate studies at Nanjing University and the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences where he received his Ph.D. in 1988.
He attended Monterey High School in Lubbock, Texas. His contemporaries at Monterey High School included Butch Hancock, Jimmie Dale Gilmore, Joe Ely, Jo Harvey Allen and Jo Carol Pierce. Trained as an architect, he received a B.F.A. from the Chouinard Art Institute in Los Angeles. His art has been supported by three NEA grants and a prestigious Guggenheim Fellowship. His work Trees (the music, literary and third trees) is installed on the campus of the University of California San Diego as part of the Stuart Collection. His artwork has been featured at the L.A. Louver art gallery in Venice, California.
With a vision that took him from a paper route selling The Miami Herald at age 13, to obtaining a major account transacting $3 billion dollars, Joachim de Posada has developed a career in public speaking, working and training people in many industries for more than 30 years. Joachim de Posada holds a Bachelors degree in Business Administration from the University of Puerto Rico, a Master's degree and a Doctorate in Psychology. While serving as Director of Learning Systems Division of Xerox Corporation based in Stamford, Joachim de Posada developed sales training programs and became a consultant for Learning International and Achieve Global after the division was sold to Times Mirror Corporation. De Posada worked with Franklin Covey Corporation expansion into Latin America, working in their international and local divisions. de Posada serves as adjunct professor at the University of Miami since 1988 teaching Leadership, Sales, Negotiating Skills and Time Management.
Born in Rome, Carlo Grano attended the Pontifical Roman Seminary before studying philosophy, theology, and canon law at the Pontifical Roman Athenaeum S. Apollinare. He was ordained to the priesthood by Archbishop Giuseppe Ceppetelli on June 14, 1912, and then did pastoral work in Rome until 1920. Grano was named a pontifical ceremonery supernumerary on January 23, 1920, and also served as a staff member (1923-1945), chief of protocol (1945-1953), and Substitute (1953-1958) of the Vatican Secretariat of State.
Salwey was the son of Humphrey Salwey of Stanford-on-Teme and his wife Anne Littleton, daughter of of Sir Edward Littleton. He matriculated at Brasenose College, Oxford on 10 November 1621 aged 18. He was called to the bar at Inner Temple in 1635. In 1656 he was commissioner for assessment for Worcestershire. In 1659, he was elected Member of Parliament for Droitwich in the Third Protectorate Parliament.
Clement Greenberg was born in the borough of the Bronx, NYC, in 1909. His parents were middle-class Jewish immigrants, and he was the oldest of their three sons. Since childhood, Greenberg sketched compulsively, until becoming a young adult, when he began to focus on literature. Greenberg attended Erasmus Hall High School, the Marquand School for Boys, then Syracuse University, graduating with an A.B. in 1930, cum laude, Phi Beta Kappa. After college, already as fluent in Yiddish as well as English since childhood, Greenberg taught himself Italian and German in addition to French and Latin. During the next few years, Greenberg travelled the U.S. working for his father's dry-goods business, but the work did not suit his inclinations, so he turned to working as a translator. Greenberg married in 1934, had a son the next year, and was divorced the year after that. In 1936, Greenberg took a series of jobs with the federal government, from Civil Service Administration, to the Veterans' Administration, and finally to the Appraisers' Division of the Customs Service in 1937. It was then that Greenberg began to write seriously, and soon after began getting published in a handful of small magazines and literary journals.
He was born at Elston, Churchstow, S. Devon on Jan.29, 1824, oldest son of John Earle, farmer and landowner. Earle was educated at Oriel College, Oxford, where he obtained first-class honors in classics. Earle was elected a fellow in 1848. In 1857 he became rector of Swanswick, near Bath. In 1863, he married Jane Rolleston, daughter of Rev. George Rolleston (rector and squire of Maltby, W. Riding, father of George Rolleston). Earle became a prebendary of Wells, a small cathedral city of Somerset, in 1871. His recreations were boating, riding, gardening.
Jared Israel (born 1944) is an American writer and activist who edits the website The Emperor's New Clothes, and has been published in Arutz Sheva. He graduated from Harvard University where he was involved in student protests, and also attended Columbia University. At Harvard he was a co-chairman of Students for a Democratic Society (SDS) and, in April 1969, a leader of the University Hall building takeover that was broken up by hundreds of outside police, in response to which Harvard students went on strike, closing Harvard for the only time in its history.
He was born in Oslo as a son of Åse Gruda Skard and Sigmund Skard, and through Åse the grandson of Halvdan Koht and Karen Grude Koht. He has two sisters Torild Skard and Målfrid Grude Flekkøy, who are twins, and himself has a twin brother Åsmund. He grew up in Trondheim, but when World War II reached Norway in 1940 the family fled to the United States via Sweden, the Soviet Union and Japan, returning in 1945. He later finished his secondary education at Oslo Cathedral School. He studied at the University of Wisconsin, Madison from 1962 to 1963 and in Paris from 1969 to 1970. He graduated with the cand.philol. degree from the University of Oslo in 1972.
Frederick T. van Beuren, Jr., M.D. (February 10, 1876--March 13, 1943) was a physician and surgeon, a medical school administrator and professor, a researcher, and a hospital administrator. He was graduated from the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons. He later became the chief of its surgery clinic and an instructor in surgery. Even later, he became its associate dean and associate clinical professor of surgery. He was a vice president of the New York Academy of Medicine. While researching gastroenterological surgery, he conducted long-term studies at Roosevelt Hospital and Presbyterian Hospital. He also was president of Morristown Memorial Hospital in New Jersey.
Edward William West (1824-1905), usually styled E. W. West, was a scholarly English engineer, orientalist, and translator of Zoroastrian texts. He was educated at King's College London. He prepared five volumes of Pahlavi texts (the Marvels of Zoroastrianism) for Prof. Max Müller's monumental Sacred Books of the East series, published from the years 1880 to 1897.
Stephan Herminghaus is a German physicist. He received a PhD in Physics from the University of Mainz in 1989. His postdoctoral stay was at the IBM Research Center in San Jose, California (USA), in 1990 . He completed his habilitation at the University of Konstanz in 1994and was the head of an independent research group at the MPI for Colloids and Interfaces, Berlin, from 1996 until 1999. He then became a full professor at the University of Ulm from 1999 until 2003. Since 2003, he has been a director at the Max Planck Institute for Dynamics and Self-Organization, Göttingen. Since 2005, he has an additional appointment as an adjunct professor at the University of Göttingen. Further, he was appointed as Professeur Invité at Université Paris VI for the winter term 2006/7.
Richard Foster Flint (1901-1976), born in Chicago, graduated from the University of Chicago and earned his Ph.D. in geology at the University of California graduating in 1925. He then joined Yale as a member of the faculty, becoming a full professor in 1945.
Peter White is a professor of Classical Languages and Literatures at the University of Chicago. He has made some contributions to scholarship on Latin literature, even Roman poetics. He has written Promised Verse: Poets in the Society of Augustan Rome (Cambridge, Mass., 1993), for which he won the American Philological Association's Goodwin Award in 1995. He has won some other honors, including the University of Chicago's highly prized Quantrell Award for Excellence in Undergraduate Teaching. He took his B.A. from Boston College in 1963 and his Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1972. He has been a professor at the University of Chicago since 1968. He has since been universally acclaimed as the cornerstone of the Classical Languages and Literatures department at the University.
Norman Swartz is a professor emeritus (retired 1998) of philosophy, Simon Fraser University. He is the author or co-author of multiple books and multiple articles on the Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy. He earned a B.A. in physics from Harvard University in 1961, an M.A. in history and philosophy of science from Indiana University in 1965 and a Ph.D. in history of philosophy of science in 1971 also from Indiana University.
On December 6, 2006, California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger and First Lady Maria Shriver inducted Eastwood into the California Hall of Fame located at The California Museum for History, Women, and the Arts. In early 2007, Eastwood was presented with the highest civilian distinction in France, Légion d'honneur, at a ceremony in Paris. French President Jacques Chirac told Eastwood that he embodied ``the best of Hollywood''. On November 13, 2009, Clint Eastwood was made French Legion of Honor Commander, which represents the third highest of five classes associated with this award. On May 27, 2007, Eastwood received an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters from the University of Southern California. On September 22, 2007, Eastwood was awarded an honorary Doctor of Music degree from the Berklee College of Music at the Monterey Jazz Festival, on which he serves as an active board member. Upon receiving the award he gave a speech, claiming, ``It's one of the great honors I'll cherish in this lifetime.'' He was also honored with the ``Cinema for Peace Award 2007 for Most Valuable Movie of the Year'' for Flags of Our Fathers and Letters from Iwo Jima. Eastwood received the 2008 Best Actor award from the National Board of Review of Motion Pictures for his performance in Gran Torino. On April 29, 2009, the Japanese government announced that Eastwood was to receive the Order of the Rising Sun, Gold Rays with Neck Ribbon, which represents the third highest of eight classes associated with this award.
Black was born as Karen Blanche Ziegler to a Jewish family in Park Ridge, Illinois, in suburban Chicago, the daughter of Elsie Mary (née Reif), a writer of several prize-winning children's novels, and Norman Arthur Ziegler. Her paternal grandfather was Arthur Ziegler, a classical musician and the first violinist for the Chicago Symphony Orchestra. Her sister is actress Gail Brown. She attended Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois, for two years, having commenced university studies in 1954, aged 15. She then moved to New York where she appeared in a number of Off-Broadway productions, as well as moonlighting on the female professional wrestling circuit.
Roland Glyn Mathias (4 September 1915 -- 16 August 2007), was a Welsh writer, known for his poetry and short stories. He was also a literary critic, and responsible with Raymond Garlick for the success of the literary magazine Dock Leaves (from 1949), later from 1957 The Anglo-Welsh Review. He edited it from 1961 to 1976. His other writing includes books on David Jones, Vernon Watkins and John Cowper Powys, and Anglo-Welsh Poetry 1480-1980 with Raymond Garlick. He was born at Talybont-on-Usk, south-east of Brecon in Powys, in 1915 and brought up mostly in England and Germany. He graduated in history from Jesus College, Oxford. Days Enduring (1942) was his first poetry collection. He was a pacifist, and was twice gaoled in World War II as a conscientious objector. His career was in teaching, in Wales and elsewhere in the UK where he served as Headmaster of King Edward VI Five Ways School from 1964 to 1969; he retired to Brecon in 1969 and died in 2007.
Clyde was born in Philadelphia, the son of a Presbyterian minister. He attended Geneva College graduating in the Classics in June 1909. After teaching at several rural schools, including Fargo, North Dakota and Mount Pleasant, Utah, he enrolled at the University of California, Berkeley in 1911. After two years of graduate work he returned to teaching, mostly in northern California. On June 15, 1915, Norman Clyde married Winifred May Bolster in Pasadena, California. Winnie was a nurse at a tuberculosis hospital, and contracted the disease herself. After 4 years of suffering she died at age 28 in 1919. His wife's death appears to have profoundly affected him as he moved to the Eastern Sierra to spend much of his latter life alone.
Kasun Ubayasiri completed his primary and secondary education at S.Thomas' College in Mount Lavinia, Sri Lanka and completed his higher education at the Central Queensland University and the Queensland University of Technology in Australia.
A descendant of a Russian aristocratic princely family in exile, he was born in Geneva in 1933. As a child he played his improvisations to Sergei Rachmaninov. Then he studied piano with the legendary Dinu Lipatti. The Volkonsky family resettled in Moscow in 1947. From 1950 to 1954 he studied at the Moscow Conservatory under Yuri Shaporin, but was expelled for breaking some minor disciplinary rules. In 1956 Volkonsky began the career of a harpsichord player and a conductor. He pioneered performing renaissance and baroque music, which had hitherto not been played in the USSR. In 1965 he founded an ensemble of early music, called ''Madrigal``.
At La Flor, Sash made an alliance with NaOnka and Brenda and talked about creating a ``minority alliance''. NaOnka thought somebody stole her pair of socks out of her shoes while they were hanging up, so she took Fabio's spare socks and then had a short confrontation with him when he attempted to ask her about the socks. Over at Espada, Holly snapped at Jill for eating snails which Holly thought were inedible. Holly dumped the snails, which caused the rest of her tribe to question what had gone wrong with her. Holly overheard Dan calling her ``crazy'' and decided to take revenge on him by dumping his $1,600 pair of alligator-skin shoes into the ocean. After a while, she confessed to the tribe to dumping them into the sea. Holly thought about quitting the game, but decided to keep going after receiving counseling from Jimmy J. At the Reward/Immunity Challenge, Espada used the Medallion of Power and ended up winning the challenge. Espada chose to take the fishing gear for their reward. While unwrapping the fishing gear, the tribe found a clue to the Hidden Immunity Idol. Jill figured out the last part of the clue and told Marty in a ploy to gain his trust. Using the clue, the two found the Hidden Immunity Idol. Before Tribal Council, La Flor seemed like they had an easy decision and NaOnka was to go because of her fiery personality. However, discussions turned to Brenda, who seemed like a bigger threat (due to her being seen with Chase). The tribe seemed divided with NaOnka, Brenda, Sash and Kelly S. on one side, and Shannon, Alina, Kelly B., Fabio and Benry on the other side. NaOnka and Brenda started to try to garner the votes to boot Shannon. Chase was conflicted due to his ties with both Shannon and Brenda. However, Brenda seemed to cast doubt on Chase's alliance with Shannon and it seemed like there wold be a tie vote. At Tribal Council, Shannon was very aggressive in his answers during Jeff's questions resulting in a fiery Tribal Council discussion. The vote was taken and Shannon's aggressive and insulting answers did not help his case. Kelly B. and Benry flipped their votes, and he was sent home by a vote of 7--3.
Matt Beardmore is a sports writer based in Chicago. He graduated from the Medill School of Journalism at Northwestern University and has reported for the Chicago Tribune, ESPN The Magazine, Chicago Sun-Times, FIGHT! Magazine and the Associated Press. Beardmore is currently a sports writer for STATS LLC in Northbrook, Illinois.
On April 29, Lien gave a speech and answered questions from students and faculty in Peking University. He mentioned that both Hu Shih and former Taiwan University president Fu Sinian had graduated from Peking University, then worked at Taiwan University and spread liberalism there. ``Therefore, in terms of liberalism, both Peking University and Taiwan University are born from the same root. Especially in mainland China, it can be said that it's a bastion of freedom.'' But a proportion of Taiwanese students disagreed, saying both Hu and Fu were fierce opponents of communism in favour of freedom of education, thus the two universities can't be compared, and protested outside the front gate.
Bill Borcher (died 2003) was an American college basketball coach at the University of Oregon (U of O). He attended North Bend High School in North Bend, Oregon, where he played both football and basketball. After graduating in 1937, he attended the U of O where he played basketball. After his short basketball career, he served in the Navy during World War II. From 1946 to 1951, he served as the head basketball coach at Marshfield High School.
Hawkins was born in Los Angeles to Thomas J. Hawkins (1913-1993) and Bette C. Hawkins (born ca. 1916). His first roles -- as a two-year-old -- were uncredited -- Spencer Tracy's The Seventh Cross and Lana Turner's Marriage Is A Private Affair at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios. His mother was the force behind his early childhood acting. He graduated from the Roman Catholic-affiliated Notre Dame High School in Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles.
Reagan Dunn graduated Magna Cum Laude from Arizona State University before attending the University of Washington School of Law. While in law school, Dunn was a member and Vice President of the Moot Court Honor Board. He was also a judicial aid to the Honorable Barbara Durham, Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Washington. After graduating with a Juris Doctorate, Order of Barristers, Dunn practice law for several years with Inslee, Best, Doezie & Ryder, P.S., a Bellevue law firm.
Mark Hentemann now lives in Los Angeles with his wife, Lynne, and they have three children. Hentemann attended Cleveland Saint Ignatius High School and Miami University.
Representative Olson has a wife: Barbara and two children: Madelyn and Valerie. Kurt Olson graduated from Cupertino High School in 1966, and received a Bachelor of Arts from California State University in 1977.
Stopsley includes the specialist Sports College, Stopsley High School. Notable alumni include Monty Panesar, ``the Python'', cricketer. In the 1960s Stopsley Infant and Junior School pupils included Alec Jeffreys, who went on to discover the DNA genetic fingerprint. He is now Professor of Genetics at Leicester University and was Knighted in 1994. Another pupil, David Renwick, created the television series 'One Foot in the Grave', and 'Jonathan Creek'. Both went on to study at Luton Grammar School and Luton Sixth Form College. The singer Paul Young was educated at Ashcroft High School. At Stopsley High School there is a 5-a-side football facility, Luton's finest, PlayFootball.net Luton for more information PlayFootball.net
Trevor Matthews was born in Ottawa and grew up in Kanata, Ontario. He attended Ashbury College, Earl of March Secondary School, Carleton University, and the New York Film Academy.
Zachary Joseph Swerdzewski (born April 17, 1977) is a graphic designer from Tallahassee, Florida. Zach graduated from Florida State University, where he was a member of the Pi Kappa Alpha Fraternity. He owns a company called Dolphin Crash. On the show, he has been seen wearing shirts with the company's name and logo, and sports the logo as a tattoo on his upper-left shoulder on his back. Zach once made an appearance on an episode of E! 's Style Court. Zach mentioned that he and his friends had a robot finish in 2nd place on Comedy Central's BattleBots. On Day 56, Zach was nominated by Head of Household Jessica, alongside Amber. On Day 62, however, he survived the eviction. Following the eviction, he won his first Head of Household competition, his first win of the season. On Day 69, during the live Double Eviction, Zach won the Power of Veto, and chose to leave Dick's nominations the same. Later that night, Zach won his second Head of Household competition, only hours after previously losing the title. Despite targeting the Donato's for eviction, Daniele won the Power of Veto, and both of the duo made it to the Final Three with Zach. On Day 74, Zach won the first round of the Final HoH competition. On Day 78, he competed with Dick in the Final Round, but ultimately lost to Dick, who chose to evict Zach. He came in third place, and became the final member of the Jury, voting for Dick to win the grand prize.
Arnold Bresky was born during the Great Depression in Brooklyn, NY and was an only child. His parents were immigrants from Poland. From 1956 to 1959 Bresky took summer jobs as a comedian, singer and dancer in the Borscht Belt entertaining hotel guests in the resorts of the Catskill Mountains with such future stars as Jackie Mason and Steven Lawrence. He graduated magna cum laude from Brooklyn College with a Bachelor of Science degree in Physics and Mathematics in June 1961. Bresky's undergraduate studies included psychology from a protégé of Abraham Maslow. He attended medical school at Albert Einstein College of Medicine in Bronx, NY where he graduated in 1965. He did his internship at UCLA and his residency at Kaiser Hospital in Hollywood, CA.
Best was crowned by outgoing titleholder Danelle Gay of Lapeer. Both Best and Gay attended Lapeer West High School. Gay graduated in 1999, and Best in 2004. Best is now a business communication student at Michigan State University and hopes to become a motivational speaker.
Carlos A. Rivera (born July 3, 1987) is an Argentinean art dealer based in Los Angeles, California. He is a graduate from both the University of Southern California's School of Cinematic Arts and the Marshall School of Business. He founded RIVERA & RIVERA, a contemporary art gallery headquartered in West Hollywood, California, at the age of 22.
Royall Tyler (May 4, 1884-March 2, 1953), was an American historian, who was a descendant of the American jurist and playwright Royall Tyler. He was born in Quincy, Massachusetts and educated at Harrow School in England. After a time at New College, Oxford, he moved to the University of Salamanca, where he became a friend of Miguel de Unamuno. In 1909 he published Spain, a Study of her Life and Arts, the first work in English to recognize the genius of El Greco. Appointed by the British government to edit the Calendar of State Papers related to negotiations between England and Spain in the time of Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor, he published the first of the five volumes of these papers in 1913; the last, completed just before his death, appeared in 1954.
Joseph Hathaway Cosby was born on June 2, 1902 in Hampton, Virginia. After attending a variety of public schools, he entered Fork Union Military Academy and graduated from FUMA in 1921. Cosby then attended the University of Richmond, the University of Virginia, and the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary, receiving a degree from each college.
Since 2008, Tim Andrews has served as MEPI's Director. Andrews, a graduate of the National Defense University in Washington, D.C., directs policy for MEPI's Washington, D.C. headquarters and MEPI regional offices in Tunis and Abu Dhabi.
Daryl Washington (born October 9, 1986) is an American football linebacker for the Arizona Cardinals. He attended Texas Christian University. Washington was chosen by the Arizona Cardinals in the 2nd round of the 2010 NFL Draft.
Ari Shapiro is the son of database researcher Dr. Len Shapiro and author Dr. Elayne Shapiro. When he was eight years old, he moved with his family to Portland, Oregon. He attended Beaverton High School. He graduated magna cum laude from Yale University in 2000 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in English.
Dohrn graduated from Whitefish Bay High School in June 1959. She later attended University of Miami from September 1959 to January 1961. She then transferred to the University of Chicago and earned three degrees. She got a Bachelors of Arts in June 1963 then a Masters in June 1964 and later a law degree in June 1967. While attending law school, Dohrn began working with Martin Luther King, Jr. She was the first law student organizer for the National Lawyers Guild. She was organizing against the war in Vietnam and in conjunction with the Black Freedom Movement. In 1967 Bernardine Dohrn was listed as the new student director of the National Lawyers Guild.
Kurt Treu (1928-1991), German classical philologist, was a son of a German parson on the island Saaremaa, the largest island of Estonia. In 1940, because of World War II, the Treu family was forced to leave their homeland. Kurt Treu studied in a Gymnasium in Hohensalza. AS levels were studied by him after the war. He studied Classical philology at the University of Jena. In 1963 he graduated at the Humboldt University of Berlin.
Charles Geer (August 25, 1922 -- December 7, 2008) was an American illustrator and author. He grew up on Long Island, New York, attended Dartmouth College in New Hampshire and then served in the United States Navy during World War II. Following the war he attended art school at the Pratt Institute.
The son of Giles Firmin, he was born at Ipswich. As a schoolboy he was impressed by the preaching of John Rogers at Dedham, Essex. He matriculated at Emmanuel College, Cambridge, in December 1629, his tutor being Thomas Hill. At Cambridge he studied medicine.
Stone Gossard was born and raised in Seattle, Washington, along with his two sisters Shelly and Star. Gossard's father was an attorney and his mother worked in the city government. Gossard learned guitar by playing in the hallways of Seattle's Northwest School during his junior year. Gossard graduated from the Northwest School in 1984.
Peel was born in Lancashire, England, the second son of Thomas Peel and his wife Dorothy, née Bolton. He was educated at Harrow School and was employed by attorneys.
Stewart Rawlings Mott (December 4, 1937 -- June 12, 2008) Born in Flint, Michigan was a philanthropist who founded the Stewart R. Mott Charitable Trust. He was the son of Charles Stewart Mott, and appeared on Nixon's Enemies List for his support of liberal causes. He attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology for three years, and finished his education at Columbia University earning two Bachelor's degrees, one in business administration and one in comparative literature. He wrote a thesis on Sophocles for a Master's Degree from Columbia, which he never finished. His philanthropy included abortion reform, birth control, sex research, feminism, arms control, gay rights, civil liberties, governmental reform, and research on extrasensory perception. He gave his occupation as ``maverick'' in the 1978 photo essay Cat People.
After attending Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts, Samuel Morse went on to Yale College to receive instruction in the subjects of religious philosophy, mathematics and science of horses. While at Yale, he attended lectures on electricity from Benjamin Silliman and Jeremiah Day. He supported himself by painting. In 1810, he graduated from Yale with Phi Beta Kappa honors.
George Howard Monks (1853-1933) was born in Boston, Massachusetts. After graduation in Harvard medical school in 1880, he followed a 4 year internship in European medical centers during which he invented in 1883 the game Halma (ancient Greek for ``jump'') derived from the British game Hoppity together with the mathematician Thomas Hill. Halma and the derived Chinese Checkers knew great commercial success in the following years. He also invented a game called Basilinda. Monks began the practice of surgery in Boston in 1884 as he was appointed district physician of the Boston Dispensary and, later, visiting surgeon to the Carney Hospital. In 1890, he entered the Boston City Hospital and was promoted through various grades to surgeon-in-chief in 1910. From 1886 to 1926 Monks was connected with the Harvard Medical School (Department of Surgical Anatomy) but more importantly with Harvard Dental School where he was appointed Professor of Oral Surgery.
Actor Doug Jones, was the school mascot, Charlie Cardinal, during his time at BSU and has since featured in more than 25 films (including , Hellboy, Pan's Labyrinth, Men in Black II, and Batman Returns), television series, and commercials (most notably the McDonald's ``Mac Tonight'' campaign) and music videos. Additionally, Jones acted in ``My Name is Jerry'', a movie produced by Ball State's Institute for Digital Education and Entertainment. Sportswriter Jason Whitlock currently writes for The Kansas City Star and Fox Sports with previous stints at ESPN and AOL Sports and Mike Lopresti is a national sportswriter for the Gannett News Service. Brian Collins, now a report for KXXV in Waco Texas, is best known for the viral video showing him fumbling through a Ball State sportscast. Also, Notable ESPN Producer Matt Houston hails from Ball State University. Radio sportscaster Mark Champion is a Muncie native and graduate of Ball State. He is currently the voice of the Detroit Pistons as well as the narrator of the famous I'm going to Disney World! Super Bowl commercials.
Uriel Heilperin () was born in Warsaw, Poland in 1908 to a Zionist family. His father, Yechiel, was a Hebraist educator who raised Uriel and his siblings in Hebrew. In 1921, the family immigrated to Mandate Palestine. Uriel changed his last name from Heilperin to Halperin, then to Shelakh. Later he used the pseudonym Yonatan Ratosh in poetic and political writing. He attended the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and the Sorbonne, and published his first poem in 1926. In the mid-1930s, he edited the Revisionist movement's newspaper and was active in right-wing underground organizations.
Gilbert Bezzina studied violin at the Conservatory of Nice and continues to perform and record as a violinist.
J. Kenneth Grider (1921 -- December 6, 2006) is a Nazarene Christian theologian and former seminary professor primarily associated with the followers of John Wesley who are part of the Holiness movement. A member of the Church of the Nazarene, he graduated from the Nazarene Theological Seminary in 1947 and received his PhD from the University of Glasgow in 1952. His ``magnum opus'' is the 1994 book A Wesleyan-Holiness Theology (ISBN 0-8341-1512-3). Long active in Wesleyan circles, he taught at the Nazarene Theological Seminary for 38 years and was also one of the translators of the New International Version of the Bible.
Micah Harris went to high school at Poland Seminary High School in Poland, Ohio and graduated in the year 2001. He was well liked and excelled in academics as well as football. He was a starter on the 1999 Division III championship team with Poland Seminary.
Andre Tiangco is an actor from the Philippines. Born on November 30, 1970 in San Fernando, Pampanga, he is the only child of Armando Tiangco, an enterpreneur, and Amelia Garcia. Early education was at St. Scholastica's Academy. In high school he attended Don Bosco Academy, an exclusive boys school. He received his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1991 from the Ateneo de Manila University majoring in Communications. Tiangco trained at the Lee Strasberg Theater Institute in Los Angeles, California. Some of his theater credits include Crime and Punishment (where he played the lead role of Rodion Raskolnikov at the Cultural Center of the Philippines), Hamlet also at the Cultural Center of the Philippines, The Iceman Cometh for Dulaang UP, The Merchant of Venice, Macbeth, La Ronde and Once On This Island among many others. He also studied with the renowned Japanese Noh Master Naohiko Umewaka.
Theodore Emanuel Schmauk was born in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, the son of a Lutheran minister, Rev. Benjamin W. and Wilhelmina C. (Hingel) Schmauk. He graduated from the University of Pennsylvania, (class of 1883) being ordained by the Ministerium of Pennsylvania in that year. In 1897, he received the degree of D.D. from Muhlenberg College and in 1910, the degree of LL.D. from Augustana College.
Stephen Coleridge was the second son of John Duke Coleridge, Lord Chief Justice of England, and Jane Fortescue Seymour, an accomplished artist. His grandfather was nephew to the famous poet Samuel Taylor Coleridge. He was educated at Bradfield College.
Born in Rye, New York, he was the son of John Bishop Putnam and the grandson of his namesake, George Palmer Putnam, who was the founder of the prominent publishing firm that became G. P. Putnam's Sons. He studied at Harvard University and the University of California.
Stockbridge is a city in Henry County, Georgia, United States with a population of 25,636 as of the 2010 census. It is the hometown of the multi-platinum selling alternative rock/post-grunge band Collective Soul and home to one of the youngest starting pitchers ever to play for the Atlanta Braves, Kyle Davies, who also graduated from Stockbridge High School. Stockbridge is part of the Atlanta metropolitan area.
He studied archaeology under Johannes Overbeck in Leipzig, and afterwards at the University of Bonn, where he was a student of Reinhard Kekulé von Stradonitz. In 1877-78 he participated in a study trip to Greece and Italy under the aegis of the Deutsches Archäologisches Institut. As a result of this research he published Mykenische Thongefäße, a landmark work on Mycenaean pottery that he co-authored with Adolf Furtwängler. This book gave important historical timelines regarding Mycanaean pottery, and provided distinctions between it and Geometric pottery.
George Nessman was born in Stamford, Connecticut and moved to the Bay Area when he was nine. He graduated from De La Salle High School in Concord, California, where he would later coach the varsity basketball team. He and his wife Nancy have four children: Joshua, Veronica, Peter, and John.
Jeong Han Kim (born July 20, 1962) is a South Korean mathematician specializing in combinatorics and computational mathematics. He studied physics and mathematical physics at Yonsei University, and earned his Ph.D in mathematics at Rutgers University. He was a researcher at AT&T Bell Labs and Microsoft Research, and is Underwood Chair Professor of Mathematics at Yonsei University (on leave). He is currently director of National Institute for Mathematical Sciences.
Miller was born to tailor Heinrich Miller and Louise Marie Neiting, in the Yorkville section of Manhattan, New York City, of German Catholic heritage. As a child he lived at 662 Driggs Avenue in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, known in that time (and referred to frequently in his works) as the Fourteenth Ward. As a young man, he was active with the Socialist Party (his ``quondam idol'' was the Black Socialist Hubert Harrison). He briefly--for only one semester--attended the City College of New York. Although he was an exceptional student, he was willing neither to be anchored nor to submit to the traditional college system of education.
The Anglo-Norman family Levett family had roots in Sussex going back to the Norman Conquest. William Levett himself was educated at Christ Church, Oxford, where he became a fellow, in 1663.
Joe L. Evins graduated from Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee in 1933 and the Cumberland School of Law in Lebanon, Tennessee in 1934, as well as The George Washington University. He was admitted to the bar in that same year and began practice in Smithville, county seat of DeKalb County.
Nadine Lewington is a British actress, most notable for her role as Dr Young on Holby City. Raised in Witham, Essex, Nadine is the eldest daughter of Tony and Sonia Lewington. She attended the Anglo European School, Ingatestone. She has one sister, Vania.
Barrell was the son of Francis Barrell and his wife Anne Somer daughter of Richard Somer of Clifford's Inn. He was educated at Eton College and Brasenose College, Oxford. He entered Middle Temple in 1675 and was called to the bar in 1686. In 1689 he was made Freeman of Rochester and was Recorder of the town from 1692.
Pascal Canfin graduated initially from Sciences Po Bordeaux and then from Newcastle University.
Luke Walton is the son of former NBA great Bill Walton, and was named after Bill's close friend and former Portland Trail Blazers teammate Maurice Lucas. He has three brothers -- Adam, Nathan (who unsuccessfully ran for governor during the 2003 California recall), and Chris. He attended University of San Diego High School in San Diego, California.
Neil De Marchi is an Australian economist and historian of economic thought and is a Professor at Duke University. De Marchi specializes in both teaching and research that pertains to the history of economic ideas and the history of markets, and also the functioning of markets with a specific focus on art markets. His works have appeared in such journals as the Journal of Economic Behavior and Organization, the Journal of Econometrics, the European Journal for the History of Economic Thought, and the Art Bulletin. He has also contributed to pieces within various books, having written introductions to such works as ``Idealization in Economics, Poznan Studies 38,'' and a biographical entry of John Stewart Mill for The Handbook of Economic Methodology. De Marchi received his Ph.D. from Australian National University in 1970, after completing his B.Phil in economics at the University of Oxford. He also obtained his B.Ec with first-class honors in 1960 from the University of Western Australia.
From 1999 to 2004, Kenji Fujimori studied agronomics at the Kansas State University, graduating with a Bachelor of Science degree. Since 2008, he has been the general manager of a Lima private security and surveillance company. In March 2009, he founded his own enterprise, offering ``independent services''. Moreover, he holds executive positions in three other companies.
Larry Crawford (born 1959) was a football player in the Canadian Football League for nine years. Crawford played defensive back for the BC Lions and Toronto Argonauts from 1981-1989. He was a CFL All-Star four times and was a part of the Lions Grey Cup championship team in 1985. He played college football at the Iowa State University. He is a graduate of Miami Palmetto High School and was a teammate of Tom Foley, currently the third-base coach for the Tampa Bay Rays.
Pierre Chany sat through a succession of interviews with the writer Christophe Penot, who planned to publish them under the title Pierre Chany, l'homme aux 50 Tours de France. Chany would have followed his 50th Tour in 1996. He attended the Classique des Alpes, won by Laurent Jalabert on 1 June and then next day went to the prologue of the Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré. There he fell ill. He died of pleurisy on 18 June. By then production of the book was in progress and the author and the publisher, Éditions Cristel, kept the name in homage.
Trevor Watkis is a jazz pianist, composer and arranger, born in London, United Kingdom. He started playing the piano in his late teens with encouragement and the influence of his older brother vocalist Cleveland Watkiss. Trevor initially took up music playing the guitar prompted by his other guitar-playing brother and inspired by the music in he heard at home. Later, after hearing the playing of Mulgrew Miller, Julian Joseph and Donald Brown, Watkis made the transition to piano. In 1989 he went to study in the USA at Berklee College of Music in Boston, Massachusetts. Trevor got the opportunity to immerse himself in a very musically and culturally rich environment while studying at Berklee.
Daniel Puder (born October 9, 1981) is an American professional mixed martial artist, who is currently undefeated in MMA competition, holding a a record of eight wins and zero losses. Puder trained at the American Kickboxing Academy, in San Jose, California, the CSW Training Center, in Fullerton, California, and at his own gym, the Hollywood MMA Gym, in Hollywood, California.
Mark Colvin has a sister, Zoe, who studied languages at the Australian National University and Melbourne University. She was a Hansard editor and now writes one of the internet's more interesting and entertaining blogs. Zoe is married to former diplomat, ambassador and intelligence analyst Mark Higgie. He was the representative in London of the Office of National Assessments until 2009, after which he became the international affairs adviser to Federal Opposition Leader Tony Abbott.
John Alexander Stewart was born at Moffat, Dumfriesshire on 19 October 1846, the son of Archibald Stewart. Educated at Edinburgh University and Lincoln College, Oxford, he received the Newdigate Prize for English verse in 1868; he recited the prize-winning poem, 'The Catacombs', in the Theatre, Oxford, on 17 June that year. Stewart earned a BA in 1870 and an MA three years later. He was also elected Senior Student of Christ Church, a position he held from 1870 to 1875, prior to marrying Helen J. Macmillan. Following his graduation, he continued to teach at Christ Church and was a classical lecturer there until 1882, occasional tutor and philosophy lecturer until 1897.
He graduated with History Honors from Presidency College of Kolkata in 1944. In the Presidency, he defeated Sheikh Mujibur Rahman in the college election. He pursued MA in History securing first class first position from Aligarh Muslim University in the year 1946. This was when he joined Muslim League and took part in the Indian independence movement. He was also the general secretary of youth front of Muslim League on the national level. In the year 1947, he obtained LLB from Aligarh Muslim University. In a meeting with Mohammed Ali Jinnah, Moinul Hoque Choudhury represented Barak Valley. Inspired by the ideals of Netaji Subash Chandra Bose and Moulana Abul Kalam Azad, Hoque joined the freedom struggle. Following India's independence and the partition of India, he joined Indian National Congress under the influence of Fakaruddin Ali Ahmed.
Eleni Theocharous received her degree from the Faculties of Medicine and Philosophy of the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki and continued to postgraduate studies in paediatric surgery in Manchester and Paris. She received her Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) degree from the Democritus University of Thrace and later continued postdoctoral studies in Boston (B.C.E.T.S.). She is a member of the American Trauma Academy.
Sergey Bezrukov is the son of Vitali Bezrukov, who is also an actor. He graduated from Moscow Art Theatre and made his cinema debut in Nocturne for Drum and Motorcycle. Since 1994 he has played a wide range of characters, such as Ivan Brilling in Azazel, Irakliy in The Irony of Fate 2, Kappel in Admiral, and most recently Sumarokov in Kanikuly strogogo rezhima. His notable roles in Russian miniseries include starring as Sasha Belov in Brigada, Yeshua Ha-Nozri in The Master and Margarita and Sergei Yesenin in Yesenin. He voiced the title character of Prince Vladimir animated film and several characters in the Kukly series. He is also known for his theatre role of Chichikov in Dead Souls (which won the Moskovskij Komsomolets award). In 2006, he portrayed Alexander Pushkin, revered as the Russian language's greatest poet, in . According to the survey of ROMIR Monitoring, in Russia he was called the favourite actor of 2005.
Mozina is an associate professor of English at Kalamazoo College in Michigan, USA. He has also published a critical work on Joseph Conrad, Joseph Conrad and the Art of Sacrifice (2001). He is a graduate of Pius XI High School in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and received a B.A. in Economics from Northwestern University, where he was President of the Associated Student Government as a member of the ``Silly Party.'' .
Fred Feldman received his PhD degree in philosophy from Brown University, where he studied under Roderick Chisholm. His doctoral dissertation concerned the metaphysics of identity. He is professor of philosophy at the University of Massachusetts Amherst.
Chamber Music is a composition in three sections for female voice, clarinet, cello and harp by the Italian composer Luciano Berio. It is a setting of three poems from the collection of poetry Chamber Music by James Joyce, whose work was to be a frequent source for Berio. The songs were composed in 1953, and show the influence of Luigi Dallapiccola with whom Berio had studied in 1952 at the Tanglewood Music Center.
William Nylander (1822 -- 1899) was a Finnish botanist and entomologist. Nylander taught at the University of Helsinki for a number of years before later moving to Paris, where he was to live until his death in 1899. He was a very important figure in the field of lichenology.
Mohammed Buba Marwa was born on September 9, 1953 in Kaduna, Kaduna State. He attended the Nigerian Military School, Zaria and the Nigerian Defense Academy, Kaduna. Later, while in the army, he studied at Pittsburgh University where he obtained a master's degree in International Relations, and he obtained a master's degree in Public Administration from Harvard University.
Franz Botho Graef (born 1857 in Berlin - died April 9, 1917 in Königstein im Taunus) was a German classical archaeologist and art historian. His father was painter Gustav Graef, and his sister, Sabine Lepsius, was also an artist of some note. Graef taught at the University of Jena from 1904 until 1917.
Dr. Philip Phillips (January 27, 1874 -- April 18, 1959) was a prominent businessman and philanthropist who was particularly active in the Central Florida area. He earned a medical degree from Columbia University in New York. A citrus magnate, at one point he owned more than of citrus groves before selling his industry assets in 1953. After that, he established the Dr. P. Phillips Foundation, while Dr. Phillips Inc. remained in the real estate business, particularly as run by his son, Howard Phillips.
Annea Lockwood (born July 29, 1939 in Christchurch, New Zealand) is a New Zealand born American composer. She taught electronic music at Vassar College. Her work often involves recordings of natural found sounds. She has also recorded Fluxus-inspired pieces involved burning or drowning pianos.
Jo Cornu graduated as Master of Science in electrical engineering and mechanics at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven and he obtained a PhD in electronics at the Carlton University in Ottawa (Canada).
Madre Pascalina received in 1958 the Papal Order Pro Ecclesia and Pontifice from Pope John XXIII. In 1969 she received the Bundesverdienstkreuz from the Federal Republic of Germany and in 1980 the Bavarian Order of Merit. In 1981, the Austrian President awarded her the Goldenes Ehrenzeichen für Verdienste um die Republik Österreich.
Bruce Peterson (May 23, 1933 -- May 1, 2006) was a test pilot for NASA. A native of Washburn, North Dakota, he attended the University of California at Los Angeles, and California Polytechnic State University. Peterson received his Bachelor of Science degree in Aeronautical Engineering from Cal Poly in 1960.
The son of Edmund Law, later Bishop of Carlisle, Law was born at Greystoke in Cumberland, where his father was rector. He was educated at Charterhouse School and Christ's College, Cambridge, where in 1766 he graduated Bachelor of Arts with first-class honours in the Mathematical Tripos and was named as second Wrangler. He proceeded Master of Arts in 1769.
Carrington Garland (born January 27, 1964) is an American actress. The daughter of the late American film and television actress Beverly Garland, she was born in Encino, California. Garland graduated from North Hollywood High School in North Hollywood, California.
At La Porte High School in La Porte, Texas, Shaun Rogers was a two-way tackle, and also lettered in basketball. He is known for his athleticism, ability to rush the quarterback, and also his ability to stop the run. He was also known to play running back near the goal line. He had 17 attempts for 135 yards. His nickname in the locker room was Chunks.
The Hamelin family moved from their home in New Jersey to Irvine, California when Bob Hamelin was 12 years old. Hamelin attended Irvine High School where he excelled in both football and baseball and was named the School's Athlete of the Year as a senior. The University of Notre Dame recruited him to play football, however Hamelin had already decided to pursue a career in baseball. Hamelin enrolled in Santa Ana College after graduating from high school and played on the school's baseball team. Soon thereafter the young baseball prospect transferred to UCLA where he continued to play baseball for his new school.
Audrey Terras was born September 10, 1942 in Washington, D.C. She received a BS degree in mathematics from the University of Maryland, College Park in 1964, and MA and PhD degrees from Yale University in 1966 and 1970 respectively. She stated in a 2008 interview that she chose to study mathematics because ``The U.S. government paid me! And not much! It was the time of Sputnik, so we needed to produce more mathematicians, and when I was deciding between Math and History, they weren't paying me to do history, they were paying me to do math.''
In 1849 Elizabeth Blackwell, born in England, graduated from Geneva Medical College in New York at the head of her class and thus became the first female doctor in America. In 1857 she and her sister Emily, and their colleague Marie Zakrzewska, founded the New York Infirmary for Women and Children, the first American hospital run by women and the first dedicated to serving women and children.
Lansley's white paper on the NHS has led to him being the subject of an unflattering hip hop track and video by rapper NxtGen with the chorus ``Andrew Lansley, greedy / Andrew Lansley, / the NHS is not for sale, you grey-haired ,'' which has now been viewed over 400,000 times on YouTube and which was picked up as one of the theme tunes to the anti cuts movement and spawned several placards at the March for the Alternative in March 2011. The video, partly paid for by Unison features NxtGen rapping about Lansley's proposed GP commissioning policy, his relation to the expenses scandal and the controversial donation he received from private health company Care UK. Lansley has responded with the statement he was ``impressed that he's managed to get lyrics about GP commissioning into a rap'', but ``We will never privatise the NHS''.
On Sunday, October 24, 2004, The McMurtrey Aquatic Center made news when four local Olympians, who had trained at the aquatics center, were honored there, with a celebration for achieving the pinnacle of success in their respective competitions during the 2004 Summer Olympics. The ceremony was hosted by Council member Sue Benham and KGET-Channel 17'ss Robin Mangarin and Jim Scott. Gabe Woodward, a Stockdale High School graduate, won a bronze medal in the Men's`` 4 x 100 meter relay; Rebecca Giddens, a part-time Kernville resident, won a silver medal in the Women's`` K1 kayak slalom; Larsen Jensen, Garces Memorial High School alumnus, won a silver medal in the 1,500 meter freestyle competitive swim; and Joey Hansen, a Bakersfield High School graduate, won a gold medal in the Men's`` Eight Rowing event.
Neilson Poe (October 1, 1876 -- September 22, 1963) a.k.a. Net Poe was an football player for the Princeton Tigers. He played in the Princeton backfield in 1895 and 1896, and even later returned to coach football at the school. He was also one of the Poe brothers, six siblings who were celebrated football players at Princeton University from 1882 until 1901. Neilson graduated from Princeton in 1897.
Chris Westfall obtained his undergraduate degree from Southern Methodist University (SMU) in Dallas, TX. He received his Master in Business Administration from Texas Christian University (TCU), recognized by the Princeton Review as the top school in the nation for developing strong business communications skills, where he graduated with honors. He has been recognized with a top teaching award for his work with MBA students at the top-10 MBA program at Southern Methodist University. TCU has honored him as the ``Communicator of the Year''. Originally from Chicago, Westfall resides in Dallas with his wife and two daughters, and is an avid supporter of the performing arts.
Stanislav Dospevski was born on 3 December 1823 in Samokov. He began his training in his native town, Samokov, and then continued his education in Plovdiv. From an early age he had been helping his father in his icon painting for the Plovdiv church of Sveta Nedelya (St Nedelya), thus acquiring early artistic experience. In 1850 Dospevski went to Moscow, where he started his studies the Moscow School of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture, and later from 1853 to 1856 he studied at the Imperial Academy of Arts in St Petersburg in Fyodor Bruni's class.
Contemporary classical music uses both the standard instruments of Western Art music (piano, violin, double bass, etc.) and newer instruments or sound producing devices, ranging from electrically amplified instruments to tape players and radios. The electric bass guitar has occasionally been used in contemporary classical music (art music) since the late 1960s. Contemporary composers often obtained unusual sounds or instrumental timbres through the use of non-traditional (or unconventional) instruments or playing techniques. As such, bass guitarists playing contemporary classical music may be instructed to pluck or strum the instrument in unusual ways. American composers using electric bass in the 1960s included experimental classical music composer Christian Wolff (born 1934) (Electric Spring 1, 1966; Electric Spring 2, 1966/70; Electric Spring 3, 1967; and Untitled, 1996); Francis Thorne, a student of Paul Hindemith at Yale University (born 1922), who wrote (Liebesrock 1968--69); and Krzysztof Penderecki (Cello Concerto no. 1, 1966/67, rev. 1971/72), The Devils of Loudun, 1969; Kosmogonia, 1970; and Partita, 1971), Louis Andriessen (Spektakel, 1970; De Staat, 1972--76; Hoketus, 1976; De Tijd, 1980--81 and De Materie, 1984--1988). European composers who began scoring for the bass guitar in the 1960s included Danish composer Pelle Gudmundsen-Holmgreen (born 1932) (Symfoni på Rygmarven, 1966; Rerepriser, 1967; and Piece by Piece, 1968); Irwin Bazelon (Churchill Downs, 1970).
With encouragement from his wife, Jonas Kamlet went to graduate school and got his Ph.D. from New York University in 1944 for his dissertation on the topic ``The Synthesis of 5-Dialkylamino, 2-chloropentanes. An investigation into the Mechanism of Olefine Formation by the Alkaline Scission of N, N-Dialkylpiperdinium Salts'' (Proquest, 2005).
Joan Phipson was born in Warrawee, New South Wales, on 16 November 1912, to English parents. She spent much of her childhood travelling between Australia, England and India. She attended the Frensham School, where she later worked as a librarian and printer, setting up Frensham Press. She studied journalism and worked for Reuters in London before the war. From 1941 to 1944 she served as a telegraphist in the Women's Auxiliary Australian Air Force.
Bill Corrigan is currently a lawyer at Armstrong Teasdale. In addition he serves on the board of directors of several private and public companies. He has received a 40 under 40 award from the St. Louis Business Journal. Corrigan is also involved in many charity organizations and he is a Sunday school teacher at the Immacolata parish. He is a former President of the Edgewood Children's Center Development Board and a former Vice President of the Cardinal Glennon Children's Hospital Development Board. In addition he helped lead an effort to give free legal advice to victims of the Great Flood of 1993.
Kathleen Ryan was one of the eight children of Séamus Ryan, a member of Seanad Éireann and his wife Agnes Ryan née Harding who came from Kilfeacle and Solohead respectively in County Tipperary and who were Republican activists during the Irish War of Independence. They opened a shop in Parnell Street, Dublin in the 1920s which was the first of 36 outlets which were known as ``The Monument Creameries''. The family lived at Burton Hall, near Leopardstown Racecourse in the Dublin suburb of Foxrock. Her brother was John Ryan, a well known artist and man of letters in bohemian Dublin of the 1940s and 50's, who was a friend and benefactor of a number of struggling writers in the post-war era, such as Patrick Kavanagh. He started and edited a short-lived literary magazine entitled ``Envoy''. Among her other siblings were Fr. Vincent (Séamus) (1930--2005), a Benedictine priest at Glenstal Abbey, Sister Íde of the Convent of The Sacred Heart, Mount Anville, Dublin, Oonagh (who married the Irish artist Patrick Swift), Cora who married the politician, Seán Dunne, T.D. When Kathleen was an undergraduate at University College Dublin, she was introduced to the future, Dr.Dermod Devane of Limerick. They were married in the society wedding of 1944 and had three children, but the marriage was annulled in 1958. As one of Ireland's great beauties of her time, she was the subject of one of Louis le Brocquy's most striking portraits, ``Girl in White'', which he painted in 1941 and entered in the RHA exhibition of that year. The portrait (oil on canvas) is in the Ulster Museum collection. She died in Dublin, from a lung ailment aged 63 and was buried with her parents beneath an imposing statue of the Blessed Virgin Mary, near the Republican Plot in Glasnevin Cemetery, Dublin.
Cain Hope Felder is professor of New Testament Language and Literature and editor of The Journal of Religious Thought at the Howard University School of Divinity. He also serves as chair of the Ph.D. program and immediate past chair of the Doctor of Ministry program. He has been on Howard's faculty since 1981. Prior to coming to Howard, he taught within the Department of Biblical Studies (1978-1981) at Princeton Theological Seminary. Dr. Felder is an ordained Methodist minister within the United Methodist Church. From 1969-1972, Dr. Felder worked as the first national director of the United Methodist Black Caucus, then headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia. In 1990, he founded the Biblical Institute of Social Change (BISC), headquartered in Washington, DC. A prolific writer, his publications include True to Our Native Land (Augsburg Fortress, May, 2007), the first African American commentary on the New Testament; Troubling Biblical Waters: Race, Class, and Family (Orbis Books, 1989) -- 16th printing; and The Original African Heritage Study Bible (Winston Publishing Company, 1993). A world-renowned scholar, he is a sought-after lecturer, consultant and media interviewee. He has appeared in USA Today, The Washington Post, The New York Times and Ebony, and on BET, PBS and NBC. Dr. Felder holds a Ph.D. and a Master of Philosophy degree in biblical languages and literature from Columbia University in New York; a Master of Divinity from Union Theological Seminary in New York; a Diploma of Theology from Oxford University, Mansfield College in England; a Bachelor of Arts in philosophy, Greek & Latin from Howard University in Washington, DC; and a diploma from the Boston Latin School. He maintains dual residences in Washington, D.C. and in Mobile, Alabama, that he shares with his bride, Dr. Jewell. He is the father of one daughter, Miss Akidah Felder, a graduate of Spelman College and dual Master's student at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, Maryland.
He was the son of the Rev. David Dee of St. Mary's Hall, Oxford, who held the rectory of St. Bartholomew the Great, West Smithfield from 1587 to 1605, when he was deprived. Francis Dee was born in London, and was admitted a scholar of Merchant Taylors' School on 26 April 1591. He proceeded to St. John's College, Cambridge, where he was admitted in 1595 and became scholar on the Billingsley foundation in 1596. He took his degree of M.A. in 1603, B.D. in 1610, and D.D. in 1617.
William French Anderson, M.D. (born December 31, 1936) is a U.S. physician, geneticist and molecular biologist. He is considered a pioneer of gene therapy. He graduated from Harvard College in 1958 and from Harvard Medical School in 1963. In 1990, he claimed to be the first person ever to succeed in gene therapy of a 4-year-old girl suffering from SCID (a form of an immuno-deficiency disorder called ``bubble boy disease''). His claims may have been exaggerated, albeit, he was not alone. In 2006, he was convicted of sexual abuse of a minor, the daughter of an employee, and in 2007 was sentenced to 14 years in prison.
Francis X. Taylor was educated at the University of Notre Dame, graduating with a B.A. in government and international studies in 1970. Taylor was involved in the Reserve Officers' Training Corps during university and in upon graduation, was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in the United States Air Force. He became a trainee agent in the U.S. Air Force Office of Special Investigations, and then attended the U.S. Air Force Special Investigations School in Washington, D.C. From 1970 to 1972, he was a counterintelligence officer at the Middle East, Africa and South Asia Division of the Air Force Office of Special Investigations. From 1972 to 1974, he attended the Air Force Institute of Technology at Notre Dame, receiving an M.A. in government and international studies in 1974.
James Crosby was educated at the Lancaster Royal Grammar School between 1967 and 1974. After leaving the school, he continued his studies in mathematics at Brasenose College, Oxford.
Hiroshi Hara graduated from the University of Tokyo with a BA in 1959, and subsequently earned an MA in 1961 and a PhD in 1964, also from the University of Tokyo. He became an associate professor in the Faculty of Architecture of the University of Tokyo in 1964 and an associate professor at the Institute of Industrial Science at the University of Tokyo in 1969. He attended Harvard University's Summer Seminar in 1968. In 1982, Hara became Professor at the Institute of Industrial Science at the University of Tokyo, and in 1997, Professor Emeritus at the University of Tokyo.
Marcus Beilby (born in 1951, Western Australia), is an Australian realist painter. Beilby grew up in the Perth suburb of Mount Pleasant. He was educated at Applecross Senior High School and the Claremont Technical College, where he received a Diploma of Fine Arts (Painting) in 1975.
Randall Jai Miller (born January 17, 1985 in Auburn, Alabama) is a Major League Baseball outfielder for the Oakland Athletics. Miller attended Selma High School in Selma, Alabama
He was the son of Meyer Guggenheim and Barbara Guggenheim, and was the younger brother of Daniel Guggenheim and Solomon R. Guggenheim. Born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Simon Guggenheim attended Central High School, and the Pierce Business School before settling in Pueblo, Colorado, where he worked as the chief ore buyer for his father's mining and smelting operation, M. Guggenheim's Sons.
He was born in Barrow-in-Furness, Lancashire, England. Following graduation from the Royal College of Science, London, in 1898, he became an assistant to Guglielmo Marconi, the Italian radio entrepreneur. In 1901 he received his doctorate from the Royal College of Science. Eccles was an advocate of Oliver Heaviside's theory that a conducting layer of the upper atmosphere could reflect radio waves around the curvature of the Earth, thus enabling their transmission over long distances. Originally known as the Kennelly-- Heaviside layer, this region of the Earth's atmosphere became known as the Ionosphere. In 1912 Eccles suggested that solar radiation was responsible for the observed differences in radio wave propagation during the day and night. He carried out experiments into atmospheric disturbances of radio waves and used wave detectors and amplifiers in his work. Eccles invented the term Diode to describe an evacuated glass tube containing two electrodes; an anode and a cathode.
Sayantan Das(born 8th April, 1997) is a chess player from Kolkata, who won the World Youth Chess Championship (boys) in 2008 which was held at Vietnam. He is a student at the Goodricke National Chess Academy at Kolkata, which has also produced the present under-10 Asian champion, Diptayan Ghosh. His current ELO rating is 2243. He studies in the famous Scottish Church Collegiate School in North Kolkata.
Karel Vinck is a Belgian businessman. In 1994 the readers of the weekly business magazine Trends chose him to be the Manager of the year. He graduated as a Master in Electrical and Mechanical Engineering from the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven (Leuven, Belgium) and got an MBA from Cornell University (Ithaca, New York, United States).
This seemed to mark the end of the Smyrna dynasty, as they lost in the 2008 quarterfinals to eventual champion Oakland and missed the playoffs in 2009. Sonny Gray attended Vanderbilt University on a baseball scholarship, taking them to their first College World Series in the process; he was eventually drafted 18th overall by the Oakland Athletics in the 2011 MLB Draft. Rod Wilks currently attends the University of Tennessee where he plays football on a full scholarship.
Ludlow High graduate Maura West of ``As The World Turns'' won the award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series at the 34th Annual Daytime Emmy Awards in Los Angeles in 2007. Dean Lombardi, a 1976 graduate of Ludlow High and star hockey player for the high school and Springfield Olympics, is the current president and general manager of the Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League. Matt Trusz, a 2003 graduate of Wilbraham & Monson Academy in Wilbraham was also a Springfield Olympics standout hockey goaltender; he is currently playing professionally in the East Coast Hockey League (ECHL) and the Eastern Professional Hockey League (EPHL). Tom Matera, a 1994 graduate of Ludlow High School, went on to become World Wrestling Entertainment Superstar Antonio.
Gene Szafran (11 April 1941 -- 8 January 2011) is an American artist, illustrator, and sculptor. He is known for illustrations in magazines including Playboy and Fortune and cover art for science fiction books published by Bantam and Ballantine during the 1960s to 1980s, notably a series of Signet paperbacks of Robert A. Heinlein's work. Born in Hamtramck, Michigan, Szafran studied at the College for Creative Studies and Society of Arts and Crafts in Detroit, where he later taught, and was also an art instructor at the famed Pratt Institute in Brooklyn, New York. He and his wife Marilyn Despres moved from New York to Redding, Connecticut in the 1970s. They had a daughter named Alyssa. During this time he contracted multiple sclerosis which devastated him, severely affecting his mobility and cutting short his career as an illustrator. Szafran then returned to the Detroit area.
Rogers Blood was born at Manchester, New Hampshire, on 29 January 1922. At Manchester Central High School in Manchester, he was a popular athlete, and also demonstrated talents and skills as a scholar, leader, and organizer, serving as president of the Hi-Y Chapter, president of the Maskers, editor-in-chief of the Oracle, moderator of the Discussion Club, and member of both the tennis and ski teams. He was awarded the Rotary Cup in his senior year as the most outstanding student in his class. Rogers then entered Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire, as a member of the Class of 1944.
David C. Garrett, Jr. (born 1922) is an American businessman. He received his undergraduate degree from Furman University and was a 1955 graduate of the Georgia Tech College of Management and the CEO of Delta Air Lines from 1978 to 1987. Garrett won the Tony Jannus Award for Outstanding Achievement in the Field of Scheduled Air Transportation in 1983. He is a veteran of World War II. Furman University has an endowed chair in their Economics Department named in his honor.
Prior to this film, Indraganti debuted with the National Film Award-winning Grahanam (2005) and followed it up with Mayabazaar (2006). While working on the characters, the story became more female-centric and thereby departed from Wilde's narration. After working on the story's draft of 225 pages for about two months, he began fine-tuning it for another few months. The film was produced by Ram Mohan, his first production venture. Mohan, a management graduate from Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad, previously worked for UTV Software Communications. While Kalyani Malik was hired to compose the music and the background score, Marthand K. Venkatesh was chosen as film's editor.
George B. Cooper (born George Brinton Cooper;14 April 1916 - 18 October 1995) was an American historian of British history and professor at Trinity College in Connecticut. Dr. Cooper co-founded the Journal of British Studies in 1961, and served as its managing editor for 18 years. Born in Philadelphia to Lloyd and Esther Cooper, he received his B.A. from Swarthmore College in 1938 and received his M.A. and doctorate from Yale. He also studied as a Lockwood Fellow at the University College of London. Dr. Cooper served with United States Naval Intelligence and worked for the State Department during World War II. He taught for 38 years at Trinity, where he was renowned as a lecturer.
Francis Nash Bangs (1828 -- November 30, 1885) was a prominent lawyer born in New York City in 1828. His father, Nathan Bangs, was a well-known Methodist minister from Stratford, Connecticut. He studied at New York University and Yale Law School, where he graduated in 1847. He joined the bar in 1849 and practiced law with several partners before ultimately partnering with Francis Lynde Stetson to form the law firm Bangs & Stetson, a precursor to the modern firm of Davis, Polk & Wardwell. Despite lifelong health problems, he developed a prosperous practice in New York representing large business interests, and came to prominence after being appointed counsel to the assignee of the dissolved law firm of Ketchum, Son & Co. in 1853. His practice grew further with the passage of the Federal Bankruptcy Act of 1867, the first bankruptcy act to cover corporations as well as individuals. He was a founding member of the New York City Bar Association, and its president from 1882 to 1883. His son was the author and satirist John Kendrick Bangs.
For the Canadian politician, see Steven Langdon. Stephen Herbert Langdon (1876 May 19, 1937) was an American-born British Assyriologist. Born to George Knowles and Abigail Hassinger Langdon in Monroe, Michigan, Langdon studied at the University of Michigan, participating in Phi Beta Kappa and earning an A. B. in 1898 and an A. M. in 1899. Following this he went to New York's Union Theological Seminary, graduating in 1903, and then on to Columbia University to obtain a Ph.D. in 1904. Langdon then became a fellow of Columbia in France (1904-1906), during which time he was ordained as a deacon of the Church of England (1905) in Paris. Subsequently he moved to Oxford University in England, becoming a Shillito reader in Assyriology in 1908, a British citizen in 1913, and after the retirement of Archibald Sayce, a Professor of Assyriology in 1919. However, in 1916, when World War I had diminished the size of his classes in England, he spent some time at the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology, serving as the curator of its Babylonian section.
Roman Yakub (born 1958) is a composer who received his early musical training in Lviv, Ukraine. He graduated from Lviv Conservatory in 1982 with a diploma in Music Composition. In 1991 he moved to the United States, where he earned a Master's Degree in Music Composition at the University of Massachusetts Amherst, and a Doctor of Musical Arts Degree in Composition at Boston University. In 2006 he won 1st Prize in the Ithaca College Choral Composition Competition for ``Wynken, Blynken, and Nod.'' In 1997 Roman Yakub became a runner-up in the ALEA III International Composition Competition. In 2003 Roman Yakub received a National Telly Award for the music to the TV commercial promoting a new concert venue for the Memphis Symphony Orchestra. He was also a recipient of the ASCAP annual Composer Award (2002-2010) and fellow of the MacDowell Colony (2000).
In 1927 DuPont's Chemical Director C.M.A. Stine persuaded the company to take on a fundamental research project for synthetic rubber and received $250,000 in funding for this purpose. In 1928 Wallace Carothers, an instructor at Harvard University, was hired to lead the newly formed group. Bolton operated within this group and by 1929 had discovered that his polymer could be readily converted into 2-chlorobutadiene (chloroprene) with a copper catalyzed addition of hydrogen chloride. This material was both chemical and light resistant, with the properties of a synthetic rubber.
She spent her youth in Vancouver, in a family that appreciated a wide variety of music including rock'n'roll (Led Zeppelin, David Bowie, Frank Zappa, ...). Beginning with piano at age three, she started the guitar at about 8--9 years, referring to the repertoire of Simon & Garfunkel in particular, her parents offered her the first guitar at the end of her primary schooling. In her teens she appreciated bands like the Ramones, Motörhead, Slayer, Metallica, Plasmatics, KISS, Aerosmith, Ted Nugent .... But the main female influences are embodied by Nancy Wilson of Heart and Wendy O. Williams. After High school she moved to Regina where she attended the University of Saskatchewan and received a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree.
Juan de Ribera studied at the University of Salamanca. Ordained as priest in 1557, Pope Pius IV appointed him Bishop of Badajoz on May 27, 1562, at the age of 30. There he dedicated himself to teaching the catechism to Roman Catholics and counteracting Protestantism. He was appointed as the Archbishop of Valencia on December 3, 1568. King Philip III of Spain later appointed him Viceroy of Valencia in 1602, and thus he became both the religious and the civil authority. In this role he founded the Museum of the Patriarch, known among Valencians as College of Saint John, entrusted to the formation of priests according to the spirit and the dispositions of the Council of Trent.
P. H. William de Silva was born at Kahatapitiya in Batapola, Ambalangoda, Ceylon, to a wealthy land-owning family. He received his elementary education at Batapola Mixed School and secondary education at St John's College, Panadura, Richmond College, Galle, and Ananda College, Colombo. He studied for one year at the University College Colombo (now the University of Colombo) and then traveled to England for further studies at University College, Oxford.
Zaslavsky's mother Claudia Zaslavsky was a high school mathematics teacher at New York; his father Sam Zaslavsky from Manhattan was an electrical engineer. Thomas Zaslavsky graduated from City College of New York and received a Ph.D. in mathematics from M.I.T. in 1974.
Orange Nash Stoddard (August 23, 1812--February 10, 1892) was a professor of natural science at Miami University and the College of Wooster who served as president pro tem of Miami University in 1854. He was born in Lisle, New York, and received his A.B. degree from Union College 1834. He earned M.A. and LL.D. degrees at Monmouth College. He joined the Miami faculty in 1845 and among his more prominent students were Benjamin Harrison, David Swing, John Willock Noble and Whitelaw Reid. At Miami, he became a faculty member of Phi Delta Theta and was known affectionately as ``Stoddy'' and ``the Little Wizard'' by his students. Stoddard and his wife, Eliza lived in a historic home at 14 South Campus Avenue in Oxford where they raised their three daughters who graduated from the Oxford Female College. He resigned in 1870 to assume a professorship at the College of Wooster where he died in 1892 while serving as professor emeritus. Stoddard Hall on the Miami campus was named for him in 1937.
John F. Keenan, (born 1964 ) is the State Senator of the Massachusetts State Senate for the Norfolk and Plymouth district. He was educated at Harvard Law School.
He was born in Meiningen the eldest son of the heir apparent to the duchy of Saxe-Meiningen, Prince Georg and his second wife Princess Feodora of Hohenlohe-Langenburg. His father succeeded to the throne in 1866. Ernst pursued a career in the Army and retired as Colonel in the Prussian cavalry. He received an honorary doctorate in philosophy from the University of Jena.
He retired in 1862 with the rank of colonel, and devoted his leisure to the medieval history and geography of Central Asia. He published Cathay and the Way Thither (1866), and the Book of Marco Polo (1871), for which he received the gold medal of the Royal Geographical Society. He also brought out, in collaboration with Dr Arthur C. Burnell, Hobson-Jobson (1886), a dictionary of Anglo-Indian colloquial phrases.
Edward Dorr Griffin Prime (1814--1891) was an American clergyman and journalist. He was born at Cambridge, N. Y., and graduated from Union College in 1832. He graduated from Princeton Theological Seminary in 1838 and had pastorates at Scotchtown, N. Y. and New York City. In 1853 he became substitute editor of the New York Observer, while his brother Samuel Irenæus Prime, was in Europe. Afterward the two were associated until 1885. Edward Prime continued to edit the paper for a year after his brother's death. He traveled much abroad, spent the winter of 1854--1855 in Rome, and made a journey round the world in 1869--1870 to study religious conditions in Eastern countries. He published:
Jerome Gleason was born in Germany as Emilian Wehrle but changed his name after he immigrated to the US. The names and/or occupations of his parents are unknown. He received a degree in Forensic Science at Harvard University in 1862.
Corey received a B.A. (1967) and M.D. (1971) from the University of Michigan, and received postgraduate training at the University of Michigan, University of Washington, and the U. S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. In addition to his professorships at the University of Washington, Corey is currently principal investigator of the US HIV Vaccine Trials Network and holder of the Lawrence Corey Endowed Chair in Medical Virology at the University of Washington. In 2008, he was elected to the Institute of Medicine of the (US) National Academy of Sciences. Dr. Corey is one of the most highly cited and funded investigators in the United States. He has authored 12 books and more than 600 scientific publications and is a member of numerous scientific committees and editorial boards, including the National Cancer Institute Board of Scientific Counselors for Basic Sciences.
Hodgson was born in West Bromwich, Staffordshire, the son of the Reverend Robert Hodgson, founder of West Bromwich Albion Football Club. He was educated at Radley College, near Abingdon in Oxfordshire from 1887 to 1893, where he was a prefect, and Trinity College, Oxford, where he captained the University of Oxford hockey team and graduated with a pass degree in 1897.
Olga Albizu (1924--2005) was an abstract expressionist painter. She was born and raised in Puerto Rico, where she studied painting with the Spanish painter Esteban Vicente from 1943 till 1947. She received a B.A. from the University of Puerto Rico in 1946. She moved to New York City on a fellowship for post-graduate work at the Art Students League in 1948. After that, she did further studies in Europe at the Académie de la Grande Chaumière in Paris and the Accademia di Belle Arti in Florence. Later, she spent a year painting in the Provence, like painters such as Van Gogh and Cézanne had done before her. In 1953 she returned to New York.
Alexander Macklin was born in 1889 in India, where his father was a doctor. When the family returned to England Dr Macklin set up practice in the Scilly Isles, where young Macklin became an enthusiastic and proficient boat handler. He went to Plymouth College and then to the University of London. After working for a short time as a deckhand, he continued his education at the Victoria University of Manchester, where he qualified as a doctor.
Johan Thevelein obtained a PhD from the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven in 1981. He did a Postdoc at Yale University in Connecticut USA from 1982 until 1983, and he is Scientific Director of the VIB Department of Molecular Microbiology since 2002.
Richard Mervin Bissell, Jr. was born in the Mark Twain House in Hartford, Connecticut, and went to Groton School in Groton, Massachusetts. Two of his fellow pupils at Groton were Joseph Alsop and Tracy Barnes. He studied history at Yale University, turning down membership in Skull and Bones, and graduating in 1932, then studied at the London School of Economics. He returned to Yale where he was granted a Ph.D. in economics in 1939. His brother, William, also attended Yale and became a member of Skull and Bones.
Harry Stojan (in Bulgarian: Хари Стоянов) (1956), a Bulgarian writer, South Slavic translator and computer programmer. He lives in Varna, Bulgaria. Stojan graduated from Sofia University (1980) with a major in Slavic Studies.
Paul Thompson was educated at the University of Oxford, graduating in 1958 with First Class Honours in Modern History. He obtained a D.Phil (also at the University of Oxford) in 1964. This was entitled London Working Class Politics and the Formation of the London Labour Party, 1885-1914. In 1964, having spent three years as a Junior Research Fellow at Queen's College, Oxford, Thompson was appointed Lecturer in Sociology (Social History) at the newly established University of Essex. He was to continue his research and teaching in sociology and social history at Essex, being appointed Research Professor in Sociology, in 1988.
Deborah Howe wrote the children's books Bunnicula and Teddy Bear's Scrapbook along with her husband James Howe in the late 1970s. She died of cancer at age 31 after Bunnicula was published. She graduated from Boston University and worked as a theater actress before becoming a writer. She was survived by her parents, her husband James, and her younger brother.
The Art Institute of Pittsburgh has produced many famous alumni, including science fiction art pioneer and Mad Magazine illustrator Frank Kelly Freas, illustrator J. Howard Miller, Pulitzer Prize winning photographer Martha Rial, and cartoonist Tom Wilson. Martha Rial is one of only two women to win a Pulitzer prize in photography, and both are Art Institute graduates. 1978 graduate Mark Stutzman created the ``Elvis'' postage stamp, the most popular U.S. postage stamp of all time. Dame Jennifer M. Smith, former Premier of Bermuda, is a 1970 graduate of the Art Institute of Pittsburgh.
Nicolas Perrin studied at ETH Zurich, Dept. II for Construction Engineering, where he gained a diploma. He is married and lives in Schaffhausen, Switzerland.
Cooke was the son of William Cooke of Westminster, also a Member of Parliament and younger son of Sir Anthony Cooke of Gidea Hall (Essex). His mother, Frances Grey, was first-cousin to Lady Jane Grey and granddaughter to Thomas Grey, Marquess of Dorset and Anthony Browne, Viscount Montagu. His father had the post of Clerk of Liveries in the Court of Wards and arranged for the post to be passed on to his son. Cooke was educated at Shrewsbury School in 1583. He became Clerk of Liveries on the death of his father in 1589, though he was only 17. He was admitted at Grey's Inn in 1592. In 1593, he went abroad, with a two-years`` licence to travel after his mother's unsuccessful attempt to arrange a marriage for him while he was a minor. By 1596 he was Justice of the Peace for Hertfordshire.
Several people with ``degrees'' from Belford have been severely penalized for attempting to use them to qualify for jobs or promotions. A fire chief was dismissed from his job for his Belford ``degree'' in 2006. Similarly, a faculty member at Pensacola State College was dismissed in January of 2011 for ``presenting college administrators with an unaccredited master's degree from an online diploma mill that he obtained while on a paid sabbatical.'' In 2008, a candidate for sheriff in Mahoning County, Ohio, was removed from the ballot after the Supreme Court of Ohio determined that his associate's degree from Belford could not be used to satisfy the state's requirement that a sheriff have at least two years of post-secondary education. Ahmad Tavakoli, a member of Iran's parliament, has made allegations that the vice president of Iran, Mohammad Reza Rahimi, holds a fraudulent PhD degree from Belford University. Tavakoli has published documents on his website purporting to show fraudulent documents created by Rahimi..
He grew up in New England. He moved west to Northern California in 1973. There he explored wilderness regions of the Coast Range and Sierra Nevadas. He studied at University of California, Santa Cruz and studied with Norman O. Brown. He studied Sanskrit and Asian literature at University of California, Berkeley. In 1990, he joined the faculty at Naropa University, where he teaches poetry, Sanskrit, and wilderness writing.
Andrea Conte (born on February 13, 1941) is the former First Lady of Tennessee, the wife of Governor Phil Bredesen (2003--2011). She is a 1968 graduate of the University of Washington and a registered nurse. Not to be confused with the field hockey player from Perkiomen Valley.
Clayton was the son of Thomas Clayton MD of Oxford. He matriculated at Pembroke College, Oxford on 25 May 1627, aged 15 and was awarded BA on 22 January 1629 and MA on 17 October 1631. He was of Gray's Inn in 1633. Further awards from Oxford were B.Med on 18 July, 1635 and D.Med on 19 June, 1639. He was regius professor of medicine at Oxford from 1647 to 1665.
Hugo Charlton was born in Kensington. He graduated from York University having studied sociology and social psychology and later travelled widely and exported whisky to the Far East, Latin America and the Caribbean. He served in the Territorial Army for seven years.
Kathy was born in Newport News, Virginia, to Larry and Ann Wallace. She grew up in Yorktown, Virginia, with three siblings: Emily, Ellen, and Rob. She attended Tabb High School in Yorktown, Virginia. She then attended Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah, where she received a B.A. in Humanities in 1994. Later she attended Stanford University and received a masters degree in film journalism.
As a co-founder and key member of the PIH team, Dahl was featured prominently in Mountains Beyond Mountains: The Quest of Dr. Paul Farmer, a Man Who Would Cure the World, Tracy Kidder's book describing the work of the organization and the life of Dr. Farmer. In December, 2006, Ophelia Dahl and Paul Farmer received the Union Medal from Union Theological Seminary in New York.
Nitza Villapol (1923--1998) was a chef, cookbook writer, and television host in Cuba. She has been called, by some, the Cuban Julia Child for her ability to communicate culinary arts to a popular audience. Born in New York to Cuban immigrants, she moved with her family to their native Cuba at the age of 9. She was quite skilled at tossing salad, winning a local competition as a teenager. She studied nutrition at the University of London during the early 1940s, and later said that this experience gave her insight into preparing food under wartime conditions. By the 1950s, Villapol was famous in Cuba for her standard cookbooks on Cuban cuisine, Cocina criolla (1954) and Cocina al minuto (1958). Both books were reprinted without her permission in the United States after the revolution and remain in print today. From 1951 to 1997 she had her own cooking show on Cuban television, one of the longest-running shows in television history. After 1959, she sided with the revolution and remained a fixture in Cuban popular culture throughout her life. During Cuba's ``Special Period'' of the early 1990s, she managed to demonstrate on her show how to prepare traditional Cuban recipes under the difficult circumstances of rationing, poverty and shortages. Though she came from a wealthy background, her father identified himself as a communist, and gave her a Russian first name in tribute to the Russian revolution (Santiago, 1998); following in his footsteps, Villapol found an accommodation with Cuban communism and succeeded in winning over her audience by cooking within the real limitations of actually existing socialism (Miller, 1996).
Cruft, the son of the double-bass player Eugene Cruft was educated at Westminster Abbey Choir School, Westminster School, and as a Boult conducting scholar at the Royal College of Music from 1938, completing his studies there briefly in 1946-1947 after service in World War II. He was a composition student of Gordon Jacob and Edmund Rubbra but also studied double bass with his father. Cruft became chairman of the Composers' Guild of Great Britain 1966.
Bob Jude Ferrante (born 1959) is an American playwright and composer from New York City. By his own claim his work is composed solely of comedies, although the serious core at the heart of many of his plays seems to contradict that claim somewhat. He received a B.A. from Kenyon College in Gambier, Ohio in 1981.
Cristian Matei (born May 8, 1977) is a Romanian composer. Cristian graduated from the National University of Music from Bucharest, ``Master of Fine Arts in Jazz-Pop Music Composition''. Member of Union of Composers and Musicologists from Romania.
John Mason was born in Pembrokeshire, west Wales, on 9 June 1920. He studied at Bridgnorth Grammar School in Shropshire, and then at Jesus College, Oxford, where he was a scholar. His university studies were interrupted by the Second World War: he won his scholarship in 1937, but did not obtain his first-class degree in history until 1948. During the war, he served with the Manchester Regiment and then in the Indian Army, reaching the rank of Major and working in the Mechanical Transport Training Centre as well as interpreting Urdu. In 1950, he began his association with Christ Church, Oxford, at which he would spend the remainder of his academic career. His first appointment was as a research lecturer, to deal with the papers of Robert Cecil, 3rd Marquess of Salisbury; Salisbury, who was Prime Minister from 1886 to 1892 and 1895 to 1902, studied at Christ Church between 1847 and 1849, and his papers were at that time held by the college. He became a ``Student'' (the term used by Christ Church for Fellows of the college) in 1957, retiring in 1987, and was also college librarian (succeeding Nowell Myres) from 1962 until his retirement.
Bacon was born at Llandaff in Glamorgan, the son of Anthony Bushby Bacon (1772-1827) of Elcot Park at Kintbury and Benham Park at Marsh Benham in Speen near Newbury in Berkshire, one of the richest commoners in England. The younger Bacon was educated at Eton College
: Jude quit the game after she felt worried for her health. Instead of leaving, Nico received an additional vote at his next Tribal Council. : Sanele left the game for medical reasons. Danielle from Rana was not voted out, and instead changed tribes to Aguila. : When four contestants remained, the format of the game changed. The first contestant of the Immunity Challenge would be eliminated, and the two runners up competed later in another challenge for a spot in the Final Two.
Sir Frederick Paul Girvan, styled Rt Hon Lord Justice Girvan (b. 1948) was educated at Larne Grammar School, Belfast Royal Academy, Clare College, Cambridge (BA) and Queen's University, Belfast.
Jack Beale was born in Manly, a suburb of Sydney, on 17 July 1917, the second child of Rupert Noel Beale, a stock and station agent whose business failed in a drought. His mother was Esther Anderina Green from New Zealand. He attended state schools in rural Scone and the industrial city of Newcastle, and earned an honors diploma in mechanical engineering from Sydney Technical College. He joined the New South Wales Department of Public Works in 1936, where he saw the irrigation and energy potential of the state's rivers and developed a passion which was to last a lifetime for water conservation and irrigation. At age 48 he earned a Masters of Engineering degree from the University of New South Wales with a thesis on water irrigation efficiency.
Scott Rauland received his B.A. in European history from the University of Chicago in 1981 and his M.A. in Russian language and literature from Ohio State University in 1986. From 1982 through 1984 he studied at the University of Mainz, Germany.
Shant Kenderian became an American citizen in 2000 and he received a Ph.D. in Materials Science and Engineering from Johns Hopkins University in 2002. He contributed to the Space Shuttle Columbia Investigation Team and received the American Society for Nondestructive Testing Research Award for Innovation in 2005. He currently works for The Aerospace Corporation where he researches nondestructive testing.
Wang was born in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province. He first studied applied chemistry at Zhejiang University. He went to Nanjing and graduated from the Department of Industrial Chemistry, Jinling University in 1931. He obtained his PhD from the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich in 1937.
Ford was born in East Grand Rapids, Michigan, the third child and youngest son of former United States President Gerald Ford and First Lady Betty Ford. Ford graduated from T. C. Williams High School in Alexandria, VA June 14, 1974. Ford attended Utah State University, studying range management. while his older brother Jack studied forestry there. Ford also attended California Polytechnic State University in San Luis Obispo. He studied Animal Science-Equine Studies while at Cal Poly.
William McClelland was born in Mount Jackson, Pennsylvania. He attended Westminster College in New Wilmington, Pennsylvania. He served in the American Civil War for four years. He attended Allegheny College, studied law, was admitted to the bar and commenced practice at Mount Jackson in 1870.
Joseph Howe Wales (1907 -- August 21, 2002 in Corvallis, Oregon) was an American ichthyologist. Together with George S. Myers he colleted three specimens of the now extinct Ash Meadows killifish in 1930. In the same year he graduated to Bachelor of Arts and in 1932 to Master of Arts at the Stanford University. In 1934 he received his PhD. In 1930 he wrote the scientific description to the previously unrecognized Devil's Hole pupfish. He later worked as biological surveyor at the Bureau of Fish Conservation, California Division of Fish and Game in San Francisco, California, as District fishereies biologist in Mount Shasta, for the California Trout Investigation and at the California fish hatcheries. From 1959 to 1979 he served as Associate Professor of Food Science and Technology and pathologist at the Oregon State University, where he analyzed liver cancer in rainbow trouts.
George R. Throop () was born in Boydsville, Tennessee, in 1882. He received his undergraduate and master's degrees from DePauw University in Indiana and his doctorate from Cornell University. He was a distinguished student of the classics and began his academic career at Illinois College in Jacksonville before joining the faculty at Washington University in St. Louis as an instructor in Latin and Greek in 1907. Ten years later he was named Collier Professor of Greek and, after briefly resigning in 1918 to become assistant librarian of the St. Louis Public Library, he returned as assistant to the chancellor in 1921, serving both Chancellors Frederic Hall and Herbert Hadley.
Anderson was born in Botetourt County, Virginia, the son of Francis T. Anderson, who served on the Virginia Supreme Court and as rector of Washington & Lee University. The younger Anderson was a student at Washington College, as it was then called, when Virginia seceded in 1861, which caused him to enlist in the Confederate Army. Anderson joined the ``Liberty Hall Volunteers,'' a group of Washington College students and alumni, who ``entered the war in early June 1861 as part of the Fourth Virginia Infantry Regiment under the command of Stonewall Jackson.'' A bullet shattered Anderson's kneecap at the Battle of First Manassas. The pants he was wearing, with the hole in the knee, are on display in the museum at Washington & Lee University. After the War, Anderson went to the University of Virginia Law School, graduating in 1866.
Francis T. Anderson (December 11, 1808 -- November 30, 1887) was born in Botetourt County, Virginia. He received his education at first from his mother and then at the school of Curtis Alderson at Ben Salem in Rockbridge County, Virginia. Later he attended the Fincastle Classical School for several years before enrolling in Washington College, from which he graduated at the age of nineteen. He studied law under Fleming B. Miller and Chancellor Creed Taylor and was admitted to the bar at the age of twenty-one. For a few years, he taught a small class of law students, but because of his law practice, he had to give that up. In 1855, he moved to Rockbridge County where he lived until 1866. According to a statement found in the archive of the Virginia Military Institute, ``Judge F. T. Anderson was to give an oration and raise the US flag at the court house (April 1861), but when he learned that Virginia had seceded (17 April 1861) he announced that the flag now ``was in the hands of the enemy and would not be raised in Lexington.'' '' He was elected to the Virginia House of Delegates in 1861 but owing to impaired health, declined re-election in 1863. In 1869, he resumed the practice of law and, in 1870, was appointed to the Supreme Court of Appeals. Here, he remained until 1883 when he retired and returned to private practice. From 1879 until his death, he was rector of Washington and Lee University.
During any given school year, Brentwood School fields 67 different athletic teams in grades 7-12. Brentwood School Upper Division fields 36 teams in 23 different sports. Students fill about 500 roster spots and work with more than 80 coaches. Approximately 80% of Brentwood's students will participate in at least one interscholastic sport. The school primarily employs its own teachers as coaches, and requires that students maintain a certain degree of academic standing in order to participate in sports. Brentwood School has a history of hosting the annual Special Olympics Games put on in conjunction with the Special Olympics Southern California Westside Chapter. In 2003, Brentwood-area resident (and former Governor of California) Arnold Schwarzenegger was the Guest of Honor and presided over the Special Olympics Games' Opening Ceremony. Since 1992, the School has also provided venue for the Peter Vidmar Men's Gymnastic's Invitational, hosted by former U.S Gold-Medal winning Olympian and Brentwood School alumnus, Peter Vidmar.
Naresh Kamboj was born to Chaudhry Kishori Lal Kamboj, a renowned personality, in the village of Fatehpur in then Ambala district of Haryana, India which is now a part of Yamunanagar. His grandfather Chaudhry Kundan Lal Kamboj was also a known social activist in Ambala district. He is an alumnus of Mukand Lal National College. He did his B.A. at Kurukshetra University, Kurukshetra.
Marshall Green was born in Holyoke, Massachusetts on January 27, 1916. He was educated at Groton School, graduating in 1935, and then at Yale University, graduating in 1939.
Ross Anthony Catterall (born 9 July 1974 in Bridgnorth, Shropshire, England); is a British-German musical actor; better known by his stage name Ross Antony. He attended Bridgnorth Endowed School. He rose to fame as a member of the R&B/Pop group Bro'Sis. Since the group disbanded in 2006 Antony has maintained a profile as a TV personality in Germany, culminating in his 2008 winning of Ich bin ein Star -- Holt mich hier raus! , the German version of I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here!.
Richie Dent, writer, was born in Philadelphia, PA. He graduated from the University of Redlands, with a BA in Creative Writing and Poetry. He went on to receive his MFA in Screenwriting and Poetry from the University of Arizona. His poems and fiction have been widely anthologized in the United States and abroad in such journals such as 42opus and Crazyhorse. He currently resides in Los Angeles, CA.
Diogo de Gouveia was born in Beja. He was the son of Antão de Gouveia, who had settled there. In 1499 Diogo became one of the first Portuguese to study in Paris, at the Collège de Montaigu, benefiting from two scholarships offered by Jan Standonck to King Manuel I as compensation for an attack by French privateers on a Portuguese ship. He studied at the University of Paris, where he became Master of Arts. Ordained priest, he completed the studies at the Sorbonne where, in 1507 he became librarian, having graduated as Doctor of Theology on April 29, 1510. From 1512 to 1521 he was a diplomatic agent of king Manuel I in France, attending complaints from owners of Portuguese ships targeted by privateers.
Jack Clapper was born on November 2, 1939 in Ottawa, Illinois. He attended Ottawa Township High School and graduated in 1956. In 1959, after one year at Morningside College in Sioux City, Iowa, he joined the United States Air Force.
Cole was born in Paddington, London and lived there until he moved to Camden at the age of six. He was educated at St. Mary's Primary School, Bryanston Square in Marylebone along with brother Nicky and sister Charly. He also attended Haverstock School in Chalk Farm, Camden and St. Aloysius RC College in North London. As a youngster Joe Cole supported West Ham United. Joe Cole is a patron for the Cystic Fibrosis Trust.
Prof. Dr. Aptullah Kuran, a graduate of Robert College, became the first President (1971--1979). He was succeeded by Prof. Dr. Semih Tezcan (1979--1981), and then Prof. Dr. Ergun Togrol (1981--1992). In 1992, Prof. Dr. Ustun Erguder, a graduate of Robert College, was elected President by the Bogazici University faculty.
Dieter Salomon grew up in the German Allgäu. He received his Abitur in 1979 in Oberstdorf and moved to Freiburg to study Political Science, Public Finance and Roman Philology. He received a Dr. Phil from the University of Freiburg in 1991. During his time as a student he became active in the local chapter of the Alliance '90/The Greens.
Pilgrim was educated at King's College London and is a member of the Queen Alexandra's Royal Army Nursing Corps. She also served in Bosnia and Kosovo, prior to her deployment to Basra, and subsequently commanded the base hospital at Camp Bastion, Afghanistan. She was nominated by Cosmopolitan Magazine for their Ultimate Woman of the Year 2008 award.
Koji Nakano (b. August, 1974) is a Japanese composer. He was born in Japan and educated in Boston, The Hague, and San Diego. Mr. Nakano has been recognized as one of the major voices among Asian composers of his generation. His work strives to merge Western and Eastern musical traditions, and reflects the relationship between beauty, form and imperfection through the formality of music. Mr. Nakano received his Bachelor's Degree in composition with distinction, and Master's Degree in composition with academic honors and distinction, Pi Kappa Lambda, from the New England Conservatory of Music in Boston, where he studied with Lee Hyla and John Harbison. Later, he studied with Dutch composer Louis Andriessen in Amsterdam and at the Royal Conservatory of Hague as the Japanese Government Overseas Study Program Artist. Mr. Nakano received his Ph.D. in composition from the University of California at San Diego, where he studied with Chinary Ung. In addition to being the recipient of The American Artists and Museum Professionals in Asia Fellowship from the Asian Cultural Council, Mr. Nakano is also The first recipient of the Toru Takemitsu Award in Composition from the Japan Society of Boston awarded annually to the most talented young composer in the Boston area. In 2008, he became the first composer to receive the S&R Washington Award Grand Prize from the S&R Foundation, which is awarded annually to the most talented young artist (in the fields of fine arts, music, drama, dance, photography and film), for his/her contributions to U.S.- Japanese relations. The past distinguished grand prize awardees include soprano Maki Mori (2000), pianist Yu Kosuge (2002), violinists Yosuke Kawasaki (2004), Sayaka Shoji (2006), and Tamaki Kawakubo (2007).
Kevin Connolly is a Canadian poet, free-lance editor and critic who was born in Biloxi, Mississippi and grew up in Maple, Ontario. Connolly has served as an editor for presses such as ECW Press, House of Anansi Press and Coach House Press. Connolly graduated from York University in 1985 with a Bachelor of Arts with honors and currently resides in Toronto with his partner, Canadian writer Gil Adamson. After leaving York University, Connolly co-founded what! magazine with fellow York graduate, Jason Sherman. What! magazine published from 1985 to 1993 and was considered highly influential. Connolly incorporates the strategies and technique of language poetry in his work and his poetry has appeared in a number of small presses, including The Monika Schnarre story and Deathcake. In 1998, Eye weekly (a Toronto Star newspaper based division) hired Connolly to write columns on poetry, food and theatre but by 2004 he left to start working as an editor for Coach House press.
Ken Schretzmann is a movie editor of Pixar Animation Studios. He graduated from Syracuse University in 1982. He became HBO's Marketing Manager in 1984, which was his first involvement with the entertainment industry; his managerial position lasted until 1985. He joined Pixar in 1999. He has worked on a number of Pixar movies, which include:
John F. Tierney was born September 18, 1951, in Salem, Massachusetts. His mother, Doris H. (Gelineau) Tierney, was a Salem native who worked a split shift at the New England Telephone Company, where she remained for 42 years. His father, Albert R. Tierney, was a bookkeeper for Nabisco and a local fuel company. Tierney was one of three children, along with his brother Michael A. and sister Catherine. He moved with his family to his grandmother's home when he was five years old. He began working at the Kernwood Country Club in Salem as a caddy when he was eight and soon adopted a paper route. He later attended Salem High School. When he was young, Tierney campaigned for his uncle, a Peabody ward councilor, and he ascribes his political interest in part to this experience.
Nitasha SharmaDr. Nitasha Sharma, is an Assistant Professor of African American Studies and Asian American Studies at Northwestern University's Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences. In her time at Northwestern University, Sharma has taught classes such as Comparative Race Relations: Asian and Black Relations in the United States, The Racial and Gender Politics of Hip Hop, and Race, Crime, and Punishment: Prisons, The Border, and Post 9/11 Detentions. Sharma received her formal education at the University of California at Santa Barbara in 2004 specializing in anthropology. Her primary areas of scholarly interest focus on Afro/Asian American relations especially in terms of studying the relationship between the two through hip hop music. In her latest publication, Hip Hop Desis, she examines the reasons that second generation, middle class to affluent Asian Americans strive to be part of the hip hop culture that has been more or less claimed by the African American community. She examines the content of these songs as they represent notions of terror, racism and other pertinent issues in the African American and Asian American communities.Her writing has received positive response from Asian American Activists and scholars such as Vijay Prashad along with popular culture and American Studies scholar George Lipsitz. In addition to Hip Hop Desis, she is currently working on her second book, Hapas and Douglas: Asian/Black Multiraciality in Hawaii and Trinidad.
Vivien Carter grew up in Queensland, Australia, initially training in dance with Peta Norton. In 1994, as a young ballet dancer, she played one of three aliens in Brian Trenchard-Smith's film, Official Denial. She then went on to become involved with acting, singing and the saxophone. Upon leaving High School, Vivien travelled across the country to nurture her talents at the highly esteemed Western Australian Academy of Performing Arts (WAAPA) in Perth. During her time there, she was involved in productions of Nick Enright's Spurboard, The Crucible, Perfectly Frank, and Fiddler on the Roof. She also worked as a dancer, singer and actor for various events, such as the Royal Children's Hospital Charity as well as hosting children's shows. Vivien graduated from WAAPA in 2003 with a BA in Music Theatre.
Sir George Mathewson (born 14 May 1940 in Dunfermline, Fife) is a Scottish businessman. His father (also George) was an electrical engineer. He was educated at Perth Academy and the University of St Andrews' Queen's College in Dundee, from where he graduated in 1961 with a degree in mathematics and applied physics. He is best known for transforming the Scottish bank The Royal Bank of Scotland from a struggling regional player into a quasi global bank with parallels to Citigroup or HSBC. He was described by the Sunday Herald, as ``banking's answer to Bruce Springsteen.''
Kevin Jurovich (born June 30, 1986) is an American football wide receiver who is currently signed to the Chicago Bears. He signed as an undrafted free agent with the Philadelphia Eagles in 2010. He played college football at San Jose State University.
Ruslana was born on 24 May 1973 in Lviv, Ukrainian SSR (now Ukraine) to Ukrainian parents, Nina and Stepan Lyzhychko. She was raised in the Lviv Oblast (province). Encouraged by her mother, Ruslana studied from the age of four at an experimental musical school and sang in different bands, including in the vocal-instrumental band Horizon, the band Orion and the children's ensemble Smile. After finishing secondary school, Ruslana entered the Lviv Conservatory where she graduated as a classical pianist and conductor in 1995. She has a half-sister named Anna.
In 1925, at the suggestion of Adrian Boult, Finzi took a course in counterpoint with R. O. Morris and then moved to London, where he became friendly with Howard Ferguson and Edmund Rubbra. He was also introduced to Gustav Holst, Arthur Bliss and Ralph Vaughan Williams, and Vaughan Williams obtained for him a teaching post (1930--1933) at the Royal Academy of Music.
Mike Bogle (born James Michael Bogle) is an accomplished trombonist, pianist, vocalist, composer, and arranger. He attended the University of North Texas (BM Jazz Studies 1987, MM 1989) where he was a member of the world renowned One O'Clock Lab Band.
The eldest of the seventeen children of Henry Homer the elder, he was born at Warwick in 1753. In 1758 he entered Rugby School, of which, at the age of fourteen, he was the head boy. He then studied for three years at Birmingham. In November 1768 he was admitted to Emmanuel College, Cambridge, under Richard Farmer, where he became acquainted with Samuel Parr, who helped to direct his studies. Among his close college friends were William Bennet and George Dyer. He graduated B.A. in 1773, M.A. in 1776, and B.D. in 1783.
Carlo Vidano (1923, Caluso -- 1989, Turin) was an Italian entomologist who specialised in Auchenorrhyncha. Vidano attended the University of Turin graduating from the Faculty of Agriculture in 1949. He was immediately appointed Assistant professor to the chair of Agricultural Entomology in Turin. In 1968 he became a full professor of Apiculture.
The son of Edmund Law, later Bishop of Carlisle, Law was born at Greystoke in Cumberland, where his father was rector. He was educated at Charterhouse School and Christ's College, Cambridge, where in 1766 he graduated Bachelor of Arts with first-class honours in the Mathematical Tripos and was named as second Wrangler. He proceeded Master of Arts in 1769.
Kerissa Fare (born December 31, 1976) is an American model and actress. She was chosen as Playboys Playmate of the Month in September, 2000 and has appeared in numerous Playboy videos. She graduated from La Sierra High School in Riverside, California in 1995.
As a professor, Banham taught at the University of London, the State University of New York (SUNY) Buffalo, and through the 1980s at the University of California, Santa Cruz. He had been appointed the Sheldon H. Solow Professor of the History of Architecture at the Institute of Fine Arts, New York University shortly before his death, but he never taught at the institution. He was also featured in the short documentary Reyner Banham Loves Los Angeles; in his book on Los Angeles, Banham said that he learned to drive so he could read the city in the original.
Dorika Mamboleo Beckett was born on a rural farm in Kisii, Kenya. She was the fifth of seven children born to Priscilla and Pastor Wilson Mamboleo. Although her primary education began in Kisii, she did not begin to learn English until she moved to Kenya's capital city (Nairobi) at the age of 9. She attended Moi Nairobi Girls School and graduated number one in her class. As a result of her academic success, Dorika earned a scholarship to attend the Walthamstow Hall School), a girl's boarding school in Seven Oaks, Kent England where she completed her A level education and again graduated number one in her class. Dorika attended Harvard College where she majored in Economics, graduated with honors and was a member of the school's record setting track relay team.
Steven Spooner began his piano studies at the age of nine and made his public debut at age fourteen. He continued his education at Loyola University New Orleans, the Paris Conservatory, the Moscow Conservatory and Tbilisi State Conservatoire, both in the former Soviet Union, and Indiana University. Dr. Spooner has studied with such distinguished artists as Karen Shaw, Nodar Gabunia, Edmund Battersby, Logan Skelton, Noel Lee, Emile Naoumoff, and Earl Wild and performed in master classes given by Martha Argerich, Gary Graffman, Gyorgy Sandor, Tatiana Nikolayeva, and Grant Johannesen.
Robert Frazier was educated at the University of Iowa, where, as an undergraduate, somehow, after being misplaced in a first course, he was lucky to take graduate courses in poetry at the Iowa Writers' Workshop.
Darryl Brent Waltz, Jr. was born in Indianapolis, Indiana on September 7, 1973 to Darryl Brent Waltz, Sr. and Geraldine Chaney Waltz. He is an only child. His father was a senior vice president of an Indiana savings and loan. Waltz graduated from Center Grove High School in 1992 as a National Merit Scholar. At 16, he became an Eagle Scout with bronze, silver, and gold palms. After high school, he attended Wabash College where he completed his degree as a history major with a minor in political science in 3 1/2 years.
Glyn Stone is Professor of International History at the University of the West of England. He gained a BA (Honours) degree at the University of Lancaster in 1970, an MA History at the University of Sussex in 1971, and his PhD at London School of Economics and Political Science in 1986. He became a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society in 1995. He became a lecturer at Bristol Polytechnic, the precursor of UWE in 1972 and became Dean of the Faculty of Humanities in 2000 until its merger with Social Sciences and Languages in 2003.
Eric ``Booty'' Butorac (born 22 May 1981 in Rochester, Minnesota) is an American tennis player. He is a doubles specialist, and has achieved some success in partnership with Britain's Jamie Murray, a fellow left-hander known as ``Stretch''. He was nicknamed 'Booty' by partner Murray. He attended Ball State University in Muncie, IN where he played on the Men's tennis team for one year before transferring to Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, MN.
Josh Owen (born 1970) is an American industrial designer and educator. He graduated from Cornell University in 1994 with a B.F.A. in sculpture and a B.A. in visual studies. In 1997 he received an M.F.A. in furniture design from the Rhode Island School of Design.
Kirk Baumgartner (born November 3, 1967 in Colby, Wisconsin) is an American football player. He is the fourth son to James and Patricia Baumgartner. He joined brothers Brian, Brad, and Kevin. Another son, Keith, was born later. Baumgartner attended Colby High School and went on to attend University of Wisconsin-- Stevens Point.
Jessica Helfand is a 1978 graduate of The George School in Newtown, PA. ``After graduate school, Jessica joined the staff of a respected magazine design studio, and soon moved on to become Design Director for the Philadelphia Inquirer Sunday Magazine. She credits those years of relentless photo layouts with teaching her the fundamentals of visual storytelling. In 1992, a seminar on computer imaging sparked her interest in new media, and she began to envision creating her own studio. By 1996 she was back at Yale, this time beginning her long-term faculty association in graphic design with the School of Art, where she is now Senior Critic.'' ``She has lectured at the AIGA National Biennial Conference, Cooper-Hewitt National Design Museum, Walker Art Center, Columbia University School of Journalism, the Annenberg School of Public Policy, and the Netherlands Design Institute.''
Rajeevan is an art director in South Indian films. He is a graduate of Loyola College, Chennai.
Eric Mindich (1967- ) is an American hedge fund manager and the founder hedge fund Eton Park Capital Management. Mindich began working at Goldman Sachs after high school, and spent summers at the firm while earning a degree in economics at Harvard College. Mindich graduated from Harvard, where he was a member of the Phoenix S.K. Club, in 1988 with a B.A. in economics, summa cum laude, and was elected to Phi Beta Kappa.
Sir Julius Caesar (1557/155818 April 1636) was an English judge and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1589 and 1622. Caesar was born near Tottenham in Middlesex, the son of Giulio Cesare Adelmare and his wife Margery Perient, daughter of George Perient of Shropshire and Hertfordshire. His father was an Italian physician to Queen Mary and Queen Elizabeth, descended by the female line from the dukes of Cesarini. Caesar was possibly educated at Winchester College and matriculated at Magdalen Hall, Oxford under date 10 January 1575, aged 16 and was awarded BA on 17 May 1575 and MA on 18 February 1578. He then studied at the University of Paris, where he was made LLB and LLD on 22 April 1581.
John Bohlinger is the son of Montana lieutenant governor John Bohlinger and Bette Cobetto Bohlinger. During high school his parents withdrew him from public school and sent him to the Hun School of Princeton, where he graduated. Bohlinger began his undergraduate studies at the University of Montana, quit school after two years to work at a school and orphanage in Honduras, then returned to finish his bachelor's studies at Columbia University, where he graduated magna cum laude in English literature and was elected to the Phi Beta Kappa Society. Though he was awarded a full fellowship to Columbia's Teacher's College, John returned to Montana with his family where he became a part-time faculty member in the English department at Eastern Montana College. While teaching at Eastern John worked toward a Masters in Education but left the program to pursue his music career.
Gary Forbach received his undergraduate degree from the University of Denver in 1969 with a Bachelor's of Arts in Psychology. Forbach then enrolled at Oklahoma State University where he pursued his Master's in Experimental Psychology from 1969-1972. In 1973 Forbach was awarded a Ph.D. in Experimental Psychology, also from OSU.
Muhibbe Darga attended Istanbul University's Hittitology Department at the beginning of the 1940s. She would meet many notables of Archeology at this faculty, founded by Prof. Theodor Bossert who fled from Germany to Turkey. Her enthusiasm and extravert personality, excellence in French and German and of course passion for Archeology drew attention.
Manuel Ocampo was born in the Philippines. He studied fine arts at the University of the Philippines, then moved to Los Angeles, California in the 1980s, where he studied at the California State University. Ocampo has since moved to Seville, Spain.
John G. Young is an American director, producer and writer. He graduated from the State University of New York at Purchase (SUNY Purchase).
Scott Neri was born in Guadalajara in 1972. He studied Visual Arts at the University of Guadalajara and Cinema at the Centro de Arte Audiovisual. His first individual exhibition named M Impresionismo Bizarro (M Bizarre Impressionism) was held in 1992. He has taken part in several collective exhibitions in New York, Madrid and Guadalajara. He has attended workshops with renowned Mexican writers José Agustín and Juan José Arreola.
Born in Camberwell, London, UK on 11 April 1928, Jeannette Sinclair attended Mary Datchelor Girls' School. She studied at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama and later at the Opera School with Joan Cross and privately with Helene Isepp.
Phil Maymin, 31, works in the financial industry. He runs his own financial management firm. He is also a Justice of the Peace in Greenwich, CT. He completed a Master of Science in Applied Mathematics and a Cum Laude Bachelor of Arts in Computer Science from Harvard University. He is also completing his Ph.D. in Finance from the University of Chicago. He graduated from Phillips Academy. His family immigrated to America from Russia when he was five years old. He lives in Greenwich, CT with his wife and baby daughter.
Rifkin has enjoyed a long and distinguished career in film, on stage, and in television. His association with writer Jon Robin Baitz has been especially fruitful. In 1991, his performance in Baitz's play The Substance of Fire won him the Obie, Drama Desk, Lucille Lortel, and Drama-Logue awards for Best Actor. The following year he performed in Baitz's Three Hotels, for which he received a second Lucille Lortel and Drama Desk nomination. In 1996, he starred in the film version of Substance; in 2002, he appeared in the Baitz play Ten Unknowns at Boston's Huntington Theatre; in 2004, he starred in his play, The Paris Letter at the Kirk Douglas Theatre in Los Angeles, a role he reprised the following year at the Laura Pels Theatre in New York City; and at present, he is appearing in the ABC drama series Brothers & Sisters, which Baitz created, as a character named Saul, Rifkin's real-life name.
Born at Eden Farm, Beckenham, Kent, he was third son of William Eden, 1st Baron Auckland and his wife Eleanor, oldest daughter of Sir Gilbert Elliot, 3rd Baronet. His older brother was George Eden, 1st Earl of Auckland, his uncles were Sir Robert Eden, 1st Baronet and Morton Eden, 1st Baron Henley. Eden was sent to Eton College in 1814 and went then to Magdalene College, Cambridge, where he proceeded Master of Arts five years later. In 1847, he received a Bachelor of Divinity and a Doctor of Divinity by the University of Cambridge. When his brother George died in 1849, he succeeded him not in the earldom, however in the barony, conferred upon their father.
Judith Wright was born in Armidale, New South Wales the eldest child of Phillip Wright and his first wife Ethel, but spent most of her formative years in Brisbane and Sydney. Wright was of Cornish ancestry. After the early death of her mother, she lived with her aunt and then boarded at New England Girls' School after her father's remarriage in 1929. After graduating, Wright studied philosophy, English, Psychology and history at the University of Sydney. At the beginning of World War II she returned to her father's station to help during the shortage of labour caused by the war.
Eugen Kolisko (March 21, 1893 -- November 29, 1939) was an Austrian-German physician and educator who was born in Vienna. He studied medicine at the University of Vienna, and in 1917 became a lecturer of medical chemistry. He was the son of pathologist Alexander Kolisko (1857-1918).
She graduated from Syracuse University in 1931 and came to Washington, D.C. with her mother in 1932, after the death of her father. Marguerite DeMond went to work as a researcher for African American historian Carter G. Woodson's Association for the Study of Negro Life. After a one-year courtship Marguerite DeMond and John P Davis were married. They had five children, Michael DeMond Davis, Miriam Judith Davis Nason, Marguerite Davis, Michelle Demond and John Preston Davis, Jr.
Born in Motherwell, Lanarkshire, Scotland on the 11 May 1925, Alexander Macdonald Hamilton was educated at the Hamilton Academy.
Soltero is the musical project of songwriter Tim Howard, who currently resides in Brooklyn, NY. Soltero has had several incarnations, including a five-piece band (with trumpet and rhodes) and a four-piece band, as well as solo and duo acoustic lineups. The first full-length Soltero album, entitled 'Science Will Figure You Out,' was recorded with members of the Mobius Band and self-released in August 2001. April 2003 saw the release of 'Defrocked and Kicking the Habit' on Handsome Records. 'The Tongues You Have Tied,' an album recorded winter 2003/04 on reel-to-reel 8-track, was put out on Three Ring Records in June 2004. Soltero's 2005 album, 'Hell Train,' was the first to prominently feature his live band of three years. It was first self-released in March 2005, and then released widely by Three Ring Records in November 2005. Soltero's fifth record, 'You're No Dream,' found Howard returning to the solo recording dynamic of earlier work and was released on May 20, 2008. The band's sixth album, '1943,' was recorded at Junxt Studio in Brooklyn and was selected by French production company Microcultures as a featured project. It will be released in late 2011. Howard graduated from Wesleyan University, Middletown, CT in 2001.
Patricia Ann Tracey was born in The Bronx, New York. She graduated from the Academy of Mount St. Ursula High School in 1966 and graduated from The College of New Rochelle with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Mathematics, completed Women's Officer Candidate School, and was commissioned as an Ensign in the U.S. Navy in 1970. She also earned a Master's Degree, with distinction, in Operations Research from the Naval Postgraduate School in Monterey, California.
T. S. Eliot, a student at the Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences, lived in Apley 42 from 1909 to 1910. A plaque on his doorway bears witness to his residence.
Oren Harman was born in Jerusalem on January 25, 1973. He grew up and was educated in Jerusalem and in New York City, where he attended the Collegiate School of Boys and excelled at soccer (he was dubbed ``the little Israeli magician'' by New York Newsday). He graduated from the Hebrew University Secondary School in Jerusalem. His book, The Price of Altruism: George Price and the Search for the Origins of Kindness, won the 2010 Los Angeles Times Book Prize in the category of Science and Technology.
Roy Wagner (born 1938) is a cultural anthropologist who specializes in symbolic anthropology. He received a B.A. in Medieval History from Harvard University (1961), and a Ph.D. in Anthropology from the University of Chicago (1966), where he studied under David M. Schneider. He conducted fieldwork among the Daribi of Karimui, in the Simbu Province of Papua New Guinea, as well as the Usen Barok of New Ireland. Wagner taught at Southern Illinois University and Northwestern University before accepting the chairmanship of the Department of Anthropology at the University of Virginia, where he currently teaches. He resides in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Andrew Stewart (father of Andrew Stewart) was born near Uniontown, Pennsylvania. He graduated from Washington College (now Washington and Jefferson College) in Washington, Pennsylvania. He was one of the founders of the Union Literary Society at Washington College. He studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1815 and commenced practice in Uniontown. He was a member of the Pennsylvania State House of Representatives from 1815 to 1818. He was appointed by President James Monroe as United States attorney for the western district of Pennsylvania and served from 1818 to 1820, when he resigned.
Jeremy Edwardson (born ?) is an American musician, singer and lead vocalist of the Seattle-based band, The Myriad. Edwardson is a 1997 graduate of Central Valley High School in Shasta Lake, California.
William Veeder completed his undergraduate studies at Notre Dame, and then spent two years at the University of Iowa Writers`` Workshop, where he earned his M.F.A.. Veeder received his Ph.D. from the University of California at Berkeley in 1969, and joined the faculty at the University of Chicago that same year.
Harvey Rexford Hitchcock was born March 13, 1800 in Great Barrington, Massachusetts. His father was David Hitchcock and mother was Sarah Swan. He was the oldest son of 11 children. He graduated from Williams College in 1828, and Auburn Theological Seminary in 1831. His younger brother George B. Hitchcock (1812--1872) also became a minister, and was active in the American abolitionism movement known as the Underground Railroad. He married Rebecca Howard (1808--1890) on August 26, 1831 in Auburn, New York, and sailed on November 26 to the Hawaiian Islands, as part of the fifth company from the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions. They arrived in Honolulu May 17, 1832. Also on this voyage were missionaries William P. Alexander, David Belden Lyman, and Lorenzo Lyons. His sister Elizabeth Hitchcock (1802--1857) arrived 3 years later and in 1836 married missionary printer Edmond Horton Rogers (1806--1853).
Dorothy Tennov, Ph.D., was born in Montgomery County, Alabama, USA. She received her bachelors degree from Brooklyn College and her Ph.D. from the University of Connecticut. She was a professor of psychology at the University of Bridgeport for twenty years. In addition to being a professor of psychology she was also a student of the philosophy of science, and author of three published nonfiction books, including Love and Limerence, Psychotherapy: The Hazardous Cure, and Super Self: A woman's guide to self-management. Among her other writings were a prize-winning play about life in a nursing home, reviews of books on scientific subjects, presentations at scientific meetings, and essays. Her television credits included a PBS interview with the late French novelist and essayist, Simone de Beauvoir and appearance in a 1998 BBC documentary, The Evolution of Desire. She participated in Internet discussions on scientific and political topics while conducting research for a forthcoming book in which she planned more fully to analyze the methodologies and philosophies of the human sciences.
Munga Eketebi is the head men's soccer coach at Florida International University. He has held that position since 2007, and has posted a 16-30-4 record in three seasons at the helm. He previously served as an assistant coach at the university from 1986 to 2007. He played college soccer at FIU from 1983 to 1995 and from 1996 to 2007. In 1996, he served as the head men's soccer coach at Nova Southeastern University where he went 12-6-1.
Kelvin Hopkins was born in Leicester, the son of renowned physicist Harold Hopkins FRS, and was educated at the Queen Elizabeth's Grammar School for Boys, Barnet, London and the University of Nottingham where he was awarded a BA degree in Politics, Economics and Mathematics with Statistics. In his early years he was for a time (1958-63) a ``semi-professional'' jazz musician playing tenor saxophone and clarinet.
Paul Woodrow Palmer (born October 14, 1964) is a former professional American football running back. He played in the National Football League for three seasons for the Kansas City Chiefs, the Detroit Lions, and the Dallas Cowboys. He was the runner-up to Vinny Testaverde for the 1986 Heisman Trophy and holds rushing records during his college career at Temple University. He finished his career in the World League of American Football with the Barcelona Dragons in 1991.
Windeyer was born in Sydney, into a legal family: his father, William Archibald Windeyer, was a Sydney solicitor, his uncle, Richard Windeyer, was a King's Counsel, his grandfather, William Charles Windeyer, was twice Attorney-General of New South Wales and Judge of the Supreme Court of New South Wales, and his great-grandfather, Sir Richard Windeyer, was a barrister and member of the first elected Parliament of New South Wales, sitting in the New South Wales Legislative Council. Windeyer studied at Sydney Grammar School and later at the University of Sydney, from where he graduated with a Master of Arts and a Bachelor of Laws in 1922. He also won the university's Medal in History.
Mick Ebeling was raised in a family of entrepreneurs and philanthropists, son of Marge and Les Ebeling. He was born in Long Beach, California and raised in Phoenix, Arizona where he attended Brophy College Preparatory. He went onto play basketball for the Air Force Academy, Colorado before he transferred to University of California, Santa Barbara where he graduated in 1992 with a degree in political science. Mick is married to Caskey Ebeling, an American filmmaker and screenwriter, they have three children: Angus, Bo Jameson, and Trace. Caskey is a partner of The Ebeling Group and co-founder of The Not Impossible Foundation. The Ebelings`` document the creation of the EyeWriter that began in the living room of their Venice Beach home in a documentary titled ``Getting Up''.
Pat Dunsmore (born October 2, 1959 in Duluth, Minnesota) is a former professional American football player who played tight end for two seasons for the Chicago Bears. He is a graduate of Ankeny High School in Ankeny, Iowa and Drake University.
Thomas Greanias (born February 19, 1965 in Wilmette, Illinois) is an American novelist. He is also the founder and CEO of the new media development, production and finance company Thomas Greanias Entertainment. Greanias graduated from New Trier High School in Winnetka, Illinois in 1983. Greanias graduated from Northwestern University in 1987 with a bachelors degree and a masters degree in journalism. While still in college, he began reporting from Washington, D.C. as an on-air correspondent for NBC television affiliates.
Charlotte Brewer (born 1956) is professor of English language and literature at Hertford College, Oxford. Before joining Hertford in 1990, she was a thesis fellow at All Souls College, Oxford. She has also taught at the University of Leeds and Lady Margaret Hall, Oxford. Her teaching covers Old and Middle English literature and the history of the English language.
Ma Junwu was born in Guilin in 1881 and enlisted in one of the new schools for higher education there. Later he went to Shanghai to study French at the Aurora University.
While the Cole 30 and Cole Runabout were US$1,500, the high-volume Oldsmobile Runabout went for $650, Western's Gale Model A roadster was $500, and the Black went as low as $375, the Packards concentrated on cars with prices starting at $2,600. Packard automobiles developed a following among wealthy purchasers both in the United States and abroad. Henry Bourne Joy, a member of one of Detroit's oldest and wealthiest families, bought a Packard. Impressed by its reliability, he visited the Packards and soon enlisted a group of investors--including Truman Handy Newberry and Russell A. Alger Jr. On October 2, 1902, this group refinanced and renamed the New York and Ohio Automobile Company as ``Packard Motor Car Company'', with James as president. Alger later served as vice-president. Packard moved its automobile operation to Detroit soon after, and Joy became general manager, later to be chairman of the board. An original Packard, reputedly the first manufactured, was donated by a grateful James Packard to his alma mater, Lehigh University, and is preserved there in the Packard Laboratory. Another is on display at the Packard Museum in Warren, Ohio.
He made his collegiate studies in Ontario, Canada, at St. Jerome's College in Kitchener and at Assumption College in Sandwich. He was then sent by Bishop John Samuel Foley to study theology in Rome, where he attended the Pontifical North American College and the Urban College of Propaganda. He earned a Doctor of Sacred Theology from the Urban College in 1908, and a Licentiate of Canon Law from the Pontifical Athenaeum S. Apollinare in 1909.
Dr. Van A. Harvey is George Edwin Burnell Professor of Religious Studies (Emeritus) at Stanford University. Born in Hankow, China, he served in the U.S. Navy (1943--46), and was awarded a BA in Philosophy from Occidental College (1948, Phi Beta Kappa). After attending Princeton Theological Seminary for one year, he received a B.D. from Yale Divinity School in 1951 and a PhD. from Yale University in 1957 in post-Enlightenment religious thought. His thesis was entitled ``Myth, Faith, and History'' and his thesis supervisor was H. Richard Niebuhr.
Coppola played the flute. He studied at Juilliard, later at the Manhattan School of Music and privately with Joseph Schillinger. During the 1940s, Coppola worked under Arturo Toscanini with the NBC Symphony Orchestra. Then in 1951, Coppola left the Orchestra to pursue his dream of composing music. During that time he mostly worked as an orchestra conductor on Broadway and elsewhere, working with his son, legendary filmmaker Francis Ford Coppola, on additional music for his Finian's Rainbow. Later, his son called him to provide additional music for The Godfather Part II, in which he and his father received an in-movie tribute with the characters Agostino and Carmine Coppola, who appear in a deleted scene from the young Vito Corleone flashback segments. Together with Nino Rota, Carmine composed music for The Godfather, and for The Godfather Part II; they won Oscars for Best Score for the latter. He also composed the score for The Godfather Part III. He made cameo appearances in all three Godfather films as a conductor. Carmine then scored Francis' Apocalypse Now, for which he won a Golden Globe Award for best original score. He also composed three and a half hour score for Francis' 1981 reconstruction of Abel Gance's 1927 epic Napoléon.
He was born on August 29, 1792 in Litchfield, Connecticut to Benjamin Tallmadge. He graduated from Yale College in 1811. Then he studied law at Litchfield Law School, served as captain in the War of 1812, was admitted to the New York City Bar Association, and commenced practice in New York City in 1813.
Turner was born on September 8, 1987 in Simi Valley, California to parents John and Grace Turner. His father was the original drummer of the hair-metal band Ratt. Chris Turner attended high school at the Chaminade College Preparatory School, where he was a three-year letterwinner and starting quarterback in football and pitcher in baseball. As a sophomore, he was on the junior varsity football team until midseason when the varsity quarterback suffered an injury against Valencia High School, a regional powerhouse. Turner described the incident as the last time that he was nervous during a game and said, ``It got pretty ugly to be honest. Ever since then, I've always thought to myself, 'It can't get worse than that. '''
Jan Michael Joncas (born December 21st 1951) is a priest, liturgical theologian, and composer of contemporary Catholic music. Joncas's most popular song is ``On Eagles' Wings.'' He received an MA in liturgy from the University of Notre Dame in 1978 and went on to study at the Pontifical Liturgical Institute in Rome. He was ordained in 1980, and teaches at the University of St. Thomas (St. Paul, Minnesota), at the University of Notre Dame, and summer courses at the Saint John's School of Theology - Seminary (Collegeville, Minnesota).
He married Rosa Korngut (1869 -- 1934) and they had three sons: Solomon (Salomo) Birnbaum (1891--1989), Menachem Birnbaum (1893--1944), and Uriel Birnbaum (1894--1956). Nathan Birnbaum was born into an Eastern European Jewish family in Vienna. He studied law, philosophy and Near Eastern studies at the University of Vienna from 1882 to 1886. In 1883, at the age of 19, he founded Kadimah, the first Jewish (Zionist) student association in Vienna, many years before Theodor Herzl became the leading spokesman of the Zionist movement. While still a student, he founded and published the periodical Selbstemanzipation! (``Self-Emancipation!`` (1885--1894, with some interruptions, renamed 1894 ''Juedische Volkszeitung``), often written in large part by Birnbaum himself. In it he coined the terms ''Zionistic``, ''Zionist``, ''Zionism`` (1890), and ''political Zionism`` (1892).
Gunerius Pettersen attended Oslo Commerce School and took higher education in St. Gallen. He inherited the family company in 1947, and owned it for some time together with Hjalmar's son Christian Børs Pettersen. Later, his own brother Axel Gunerius Pettersen replaced Christian Børs Pettersen as co-owner. In their time, the family company was expanded from operating a shopping centre to additional ownerships, such as the chain Bonus. Pettersen also served as consul for Bolivia.
Sir Thomas Graham Jackson, 1st Baronet RA (21 December 1835 -- 7 November 1924) was one of the most distinguished English architects of his generation. He is best remembered for his work at Oxford for Oxford Military College as well as the University, notably: the Examination Schools, most of Hertford College (including the Bridge of Sighs over New College Lane), much of Brasenose College, a range at Trinity College, and the Acland Nursing Home in North Oxford. Much of his career was devoted to the architecture of education and he worked extensively for various schools, notably Giggleswick and his own alma mater Brighton College. Jackson designed the former town hall in Tipperary Town, Ireland. He also worked on many parish churches and the college chapel at the University of Wales, Lampeter. He is also famous for designing the chapel (amongst other things) at Radley College. He was educated at Brighton College and then Wadham College, Oxford, of which he wrote a history, before being articled as a pupil to Sir George Gilbert Scott.
Frank Aarebrot was the assistant of Stein Rokkan. Between 1969 and 1976, he studied at Yale University, the University of Michigan and received his cand.polit. -degree in comparative politics in 1976. Since 1977 he has been employed by the Institute of Comparative Politics at the University of Bergen.
Ellen Brooks was born in Los Angeles, California. She received both her Bachelor's degree and her Master's degree in Fine Arts from the University of California, Los Angeles, in 1968 and 1971 respectively. Her early works dealt primarily with human figures, notably Beach Piece, an early work in which she employed the photographic medium to address issues of alienation versus bodily presence in space. The work, which featured larger-than-lifesize nude figures in various poses of recline, was installed on Venice Beach, from which the figures appeared to half-emerge from the sand. During her graduate studies she constructed a series of flats 1--5'' which were shown at the Museum of Modern Art in the 1970 exhibition Photography Into Sculpture. The flats addressed similar issues of scale to Beach Piece from the opposite direction, incorporating the viewer's vantage point from above to obfuscate the objects`` situation in space.
James Watson Kernohan (1897--1981) was an Irish-American pathologist from County Antrim, Ireland. He studied medicine at Queen's University, and in 1931 he emigrated to the United States and subsequently worked as a pathologist at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota. Kernohan retired from active medicine in 1962.
Hopkins studied at University College Cardiff. There his teachers included Alun Hoddinott and Arnold Whittall. He also took composition lessons with Peter Maxwell Davies. He graduated in 2000 from University of Sussex with a D.Phil.
He was born in Oxford; his father was the historian Arnold J. Toynbee, and his maternal grandfather was Gilbert Murray. He was educated at Rugby School, where he became rebellious, reacting against the public school system. Inspired by the example of Esmond Romilly, later a friend, he ran away, returned shortly and was expelled. He later wrote a memoir of Romilly, and Jasper Ridley (1913--1944), entitled Friends Apart. Through Romilly, Toynbee met Jessica Mitford, who became a close friend after Esmond died in WWII. He was also influenced by bookshop owner and would be encourager of the young radical element David Archer, whom he met through David Gascoyne.
Born in Hanover, New Hampshire, James Freeman Clarke attended the Boston Latin School, graduated from Harvard College in 1829, and Harvard Divinity School in 1833. Ordained into the Unitarian church he first became an active minister at Louisville, Kentucky, then a slave state and soon threw himself into the national movement for the abolition of slavery.
A copy of the original hand-written citation sent to the Adjutant-General of the Forces on 19 December 1856 can be found in a manuscript book (MS C1,171E.) in the Library of the Royal Artillery and states: Lieutenant Colonel H. F. Strange CB commanded his Company and Captain Gronow Davis commanded the spiking party. Capt. Gronow Davis also received the Victoria Cross for his actions at the Redan on 8 September 1855.
Peter E. Nathan (born April 18, 1935) was an acting President of the University of Iowa, serving in 1995. Prior to that, he served as Provost of the University of Iowa from 1993 to 1995. Nathan received his B.A. in Social Relations from Harvard College in 1957 and his Ph.D. in Clinical Psychology from Washington University in 1962. Nathan has been The University of Iowa Foundation Distinguished Professor of Psychology at the University since 1990.
Born on February 12, 1891 in Annapolis, Maryland, Henry Powell Hopkins attended Cornell University from 1909 to 1910. He continued to study at Columbia University until 1914, when he received a bachelor's degree in architecture. After a few years of working in Kansas City, Missouri, teaching at Texas A&M College, and receiving an honorary MA from St. John's College, Annapolis, Hopkins began work as an architectural designer in the offices of Albro and Lindeberg in New York in 1919. He opened his own architectural practice in Baltimore the same year with offices at 10 East Mulberry Street later moving to 347 North Charles Street. Hopkins joined the American Institute of Architects in 1921, then served as vice-president of the Baltimore Chapter from 1946 to 1948, and held the presidency from 1948 to 1950.
Peter Flannery (born 12 October 1951, Jarrow, Tyne and Wear) is a British playwright and screenwriter. He was educated at Bath Spa University and is best known for his work while a resident playwright at the Royal Shakespeare Company in the late 1970s and early 1980s. Notable plays during his tenure include: Savage Amusement (1978), Awful Knawful (1978), and Our Friends in the North (1982). Other theatre work has included Singer (1989).
Stapleton was born in Kansas City, Missouri. His grandfather, Benjamin F. Stapleton, was a politician who served five terms as mayor of Denver. He received his secondary school education at Phillips Exeter Academy and a B.A. (magna cum laude) from Harvard University. He received his M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. His wife, Dorothy Walker Stapleton, is a first cousin of former U.S. president George H.W. Bush.
James Hugh Keeley, Jr. (1898-1975) was an American diplomat. He graduated from the American University of Beirut in 1931. He served in the United States Foreign Service from 1920 until his retirement in the early 1960s, most notably as the United States' second envoy to the newly independent nation of Syria.
Charles Melcher was born on January 19, 1965, and raised in New York City, where he attended the Ethical Culture Fieldston School. He graduated from Yale University with a BA in 1988.
Born in Aberdeenshire, he was the son of Janet Stewart, the daughter of John Stewart, 1st Earl of Atholl, and her husband Alexander Gordon, 3rd Earl of Huntly. As a youth, Gordon studied at the University of Aberdeen, the University of Paris and the University of Angers, graduating in Civil law and Canon Law.
He was born in Bosco Marengo, Piedmont. He won the Tre Valli Varesine in 1931 and a stage in the 1931 Giro d'Italia. At the Giro, he was second overall in 1930 and 1931. He took part to three Tour de France in 1931, 1933 and 1935.
Ivan Yevreinov was first a student at the Moscow School of Mathematics and Navigation (from 1714) and then in a geodesic class of the Naval Academy in St. Petersburg. In 1719, Ivan Yevreinov was sent to Kamchatka and Kuril Islands by the order of Peter the Great to secretly perform cartography together with Fyodor Luzhin and find if America and Asia are joined together.
Tim Sale was born on May 1, 1956 in Ithaca, New York, but spent most of his early life in Seattle, Washington. (He moved there with his family at age six.) He attended the University of Washington for two years before moving to New York to attend the School of Visual Arts, as well as the comics workshop run by artist John Buscema. Before he graduated from SVA, Sale returned to Seattle.
Elder was from Ionia, Michigan. He studied at Albion College and then Michigan State Normal College (now Eastern Michigan University), graduating with a degree in teaching from the latter. He served as superintendent of schools in Lyons, Michigan and then was an assistant instructor of reading at Michigan State Normal College.
Constance Abernathy (born Constance Davies June 20, 1931 -- June 18, 1994) was an American architect. Born in Detroit, Michigan, Abernathy attended Cass Technical High School and University of Michigan Architecture school. She worked on a special project studying with Buckminster Fuller to create the geodesic dome egg carton form of architecture. The books she made documenting the project were recently donated to the Bentley Historical Library at the University of Michigan. She flew under the St. Louis arch in a plane with Fuller and she functioned as Fuller's secretary maintaining sections of his files and archives.
Hannah Broederlow (born 8 March 1988 in Palmerston North, New Zealand) is a New Zealand netball player. Broederlow attended Palmerston North Girls' High School before continuing her studies at the University of Otago. During her high school years she played with in the New Zealand Secondary Schools team (2004--05). She has played with the New Zealand U21 netball team since 2006, and was elevated to the New Zealand A squad in 2008. Broederlow was signed in 2007 to play with the Otago Rebels in the National Bank Cup. She was overlooked the next year for a spot in the inaugural ANZ Championship, but later received a callup from Yvette McCausland-Durie to play with the Central Pulse in 2009. Broederlow was also named in the New Zealand U21 team to compete at the 2009 World Youth Netball Championships in the Cook Islands.
Phaedra C. Parks (born October 25, 1971) is an entertainment attorney. She got her start as an attorney for GEICO's in-house law firm, Bridges Ormand & Faenza. After being convinced by Shakir Stewart and DJ Ryan Cameron, Parks transitioned into full-time entertainment law, notably working the high-profile case of Atlantic Records rapper Drama, whom she accompanied on tour for several months after acquiring him a temporary furlough. In 2005, Atlanta magazine featured Phaedra Parks as one of the Georgia Super Lawyers Rising Stars. In the same year, Jezebel magazine recognized Parks as an Attorney of Distinction. In 2007, she was featured as a top young lawyer in Georgia and was on the cover of Atlanta magazine's specialty publication, Super Lawyers. Parks is managing partner for The Parks Group, P.C., a boutique law firm that focuses on contract negotiation, civil litigation, and criminal defense. She has served as a legal analyst for NBC and Fox News, and she has been on infotainment television programs such as Entertainment Tonight, Celebrity Justice, and Extra for her handling of several high-profile clients and cases. She is an equestrian. Parks graduated from Clarke Central High School in 1990, obtained a bachelor of arts degree in Communication from Wesleyan College (in Macon, GA) in 1993 and her law degree from the University of Georgia in 1998.
Simon Terriss Cross (born 3 February 1981 in Mauritius) is a Scottish rugby union player. He currently plays in the back row as a flanker for Edinburgh Rugby, who compete in the Magners League and Heineken Cup. Cross was educated at Sedbergh School.
Evington was the home of England Football international Emile Heskey. Both Emile Heskey and Gary Lineker (Winner of the Golden Boot) attended the City of Leicester College in Evington, as did former Labour media advisor Alistair Campbell and Nicholas Shepherd (Co-founder of the internet). Heskey and Shepherd were both pupils at Linden Primary school in Evington. What is now the Cedars public house and restaurant on the corner of Main Street and School Lane was formerly the home of novelist E. Phillips Oppenheim.
William Headline was born in Cleveland, Ohio in 1931 and grew up in East Aurora, New York. The family name had been Americanized by a Swedish ancestor. Headline attended Ohio Wesleyan University where he majored in geology. He was an intelligence officer in the United States Navy prior to his career in journalism.
Farrer was born on 3 April 1845 in the town of Docker, Westmorland in the English north west (now Cumbria). The son of Thomas Farrer, a tenant farmer, and his wife Sarah William, William Farrer was selected for a scholarship at Christ's Hospital, London where he was awarded a gold and silver medal for mathematics. After earning a B.A. at Pembroke College, Cambridge in 1868, Farrer emigrated to Australia in 1870. A sufferer of tuberculosis, Farrer found Australia's drier warmer climate more agreeable to his then delicate medical condition.
Paul Roessler was born on August 27, 1958, in New Haven, Connecticut. In 1974, he moved to West Los Angeles. Here he met and befriended soon-to-be members of The Germs, Darby Crash and Pat Smear at University High. After graduating from high school, Paul went on to study classical music at California State University, Northridge, for a few semesters before leaving in early 1978 to join innovative synthpunk band, The Screamers. After a successful two years, The Screamers found themselves rapidly disintegrating as a band, causing Paul to leave in January 1980, and go on to play with Nervous Gender (with ex member of The Germs, Don Bolles) and Geza X and the Mommymen. After a few months of going between bands, Nina Hagen finally tracked Paul and asked him to join her in New York to practice for an upcoming European tour. He agreed. After touring Europe and America with Nina, they recorded Nunsexmonkrock. Before Paul's second tour with Nina, Pat Smear from The Germs joined the band. Later, when Pat left the band, Paul left also. In 1981, he formed the band Twisted Roots with Pat Smear and Kira Roessler. During this time, he was playing with 45 Grave, Josie Cotton, DC3 (with Dez Cadena of Black Flag) and Crimony (with Mike Watt) also. Paul was also doing sessions with many other bands such as the Dead Kennedys and Saccharine Trust. Paul has continued to work with Nina Hagen and Josie Cotton. Since 1998, Paul has been working at Satellite Park Studio with Geza X. In 2006, Paul put out an autobiographical poetry book entitled ``Eight Years''. He continues to write his own music and is currently recording a new album. In 2010, Roessler produced and played keyboards on Nina Hagen's gospel album ``Personal Jesus'' (Universal).
Jennifer Kessy is also a graduate of Dana Hills High School, located in Dana Point, California.
Richard Atcherley and his twin David were born on 12 January 1904, and were the sons of Major-General Sir Llewellyn William Atcherley CMG CVO, Chief Constable of the West Riding of Yorkshire, and his wife 'Nellie', Eleanor Frances (1871--1957), daughter of Richard Mickelthwait JP, of Ardsley House, in the valley of Deane near Barnsley. Their father was a grandson of David Francis Atcherley Esq. of Marton Hall, High Sheriff of Shropshire, Serjeant-at-law, Attorney-General of the County Palatine of Lancaster and County Durham. Richard Atcherley and his brother, first cousins of William Empson, attended Oundle School in Northamptonshire.
Tom Singh, graduate of the University of Wales, Aberystwyth, founded the fashion chain New Look in Weymouth in 1969 by borrowing £5,000 with his wife Kuljit to open the first shop. Mr Singh still lives in Weymouth, even though the company now has over 1,000 stores in different countries, including 543 in the UK. He and his family are now worth £149m.
McGee attended Garland High School in Garland, Texas and was a student and a letterman in football. In football, as a junior, he helped his team win the 1999 Texas 5A Division II State Championship team. Richmond McGee graduated from Garland High School in 2001.
Shantanu Bagchi is an advertising film maker based in Mumbai, India. He is a graduate of the National Institute of Design, Ahmedabad, where he specialized in Film-making and Video.
Eddie Lee Wilkins (born May 7, 1962 in Cartersville, Georgia) is an American former professional basketball player who was selected by the New York Knicks in the 6th round (133rd overall) of the 1984 NBA Draft. A 6'10`` forward/center from Gardner-Webb University, Wilkins played in 6 NBA seasons. He played for the Knicks (1984--85, 1986--87, 1988--91) and Philadelphia 76ers (1992--93). Wilkins graduated from Cass High School.
Harold Wright was a noted chamber musician and performed with all of the country's leading string quartets, including the Juilliard, Guarneri, Budapest and Vermeer Quartets. He was a regular guest artist with the Lincoln Center Chamber Players, the Mostly Mozart Festival and the chamber music concerts at the 92nd Street Y in New York. A partial list of his recordings as a chamber musician include the Mozart, Brahms, Weber and Coleridge-Taylor Clarinet Quintets, Schubert's Shepherd on the Rock (with Benita Valente and Rudolf Serkin), Bruch Pieces for clarinet, viola and piano, Mozart Trio, Schumann Fairy Tales and Fantasy Pieces, Brahms Trio, Beethoven Septet and Octet, Dvorak Serenade, Schubert Octet, Stravinsky's L'Histoire du Soldat, Mozart Serenades in Cm and Bb (Gran Partita). As a soloist, he recorded the Mozart Concerto with the Boston Symphony Orchestra and Seiji Ozawa conducting. Wright taught at the Tanglewood Music Center, New England Conservatory and at Boston University.
Motoko Arai (新井素子, born 1960 in Nerima, Tokyo) is a Japanese science fiction and fantasy writer. Her first novel received an award in 1977 when she was in high school. In 1981 and 1982 she received the Seiun Award for short fiction. She graduated from Rikkyo University in 1983. Her works have also been filmed.
Shelly Mars (b. 1960, Celina, Ohio) is a performance artist, actor and printmaker based in New York. She studied at University of California, Santa Cruz and has a B.F.A. in theater from the California Institute of the Arts. She also studied at American Conservatory Theater (ACT) in San Francisco.
Teddy Andrulewicz was born in Mount Carmel, Pennsylvania. He played college football at Villanova University. He played 11 regular season games over 1 season, in 1930. He had one receiving touchdown.
Grant Thomas (born 14 February 1958) is a former Australian rules football player and coach. He most recently held the position of coach of the St Kilda Football Club from 2001--2006. He attended St Bede's College in Mentone.
Stephen W. Nease was born January 15, 1925 in Quincy, Massachusetts to Madeline Nostrand and Floyd W. Nease while his father was president of Eastern Nazarene College. He earned his AB from Brown University and his ThB from Eastern Nazarene College in 1951. He later completed graduate work at Harvard Divinity School, and ENC awarded him an honorary Doctor of Divinity in 1966.
Later in the year, Rotunda joined the National Wrestling Alliance affiliate Jim Crockett Promotions, where he lingered at mid-card level as a face before turning heel and joining Kevin Sullivan's Varsity Club, a group of wrestlers with amateur wrestling credentials. Rotunda began bickering with fellow Varsity Club member Rick Steiner, a graduate of the University of Michigan, over which of the two had a superior alma mater. This in turn led to the two arguing over which of them was the superior wrestler.
Ayesha Sana (Urdu: عائشہ ثناء) is a Pakistani actress who has appeared in film, television, and theatre performances. She graduated from Convent of Jesus and Mary in Delhi, India and attended Kinnaird College in Lahore, where she studied law. She went on to get an external law degree at the University of London. Sana is a single mother and has one son, named Ahad. She once hosted a television show called Lines of Style!. In 2006, she became the host, and member of the board of executives, for PTV's Meena Bazaar. Currently she is hosting the most popular show 'Meena Bazaar with Ayesha sana' from PTV center Lahore.
A native of Croydon, Christopher Fifield studied at the University of Manchester and at the University of Cologne. He began his conducting career as deputy music director at the opera house in Cape Town, South Africa. He served on the music staff at Glyndebourne for twelve years and as director of music at University College London for ten years.
Erik Poppe (born 24 June 1960) is a Norwegian film director, screenwriter and former cinematographer and press photographer. Poppe started his career as a photographer for the newspaper Verdens Gang. He graduated as a cinematographer at the Dramatiska Institutet in Stockholm, Sweden in 1989, and had great success as a cinematographer for commercials. He was director of photography on Bent Hamer's film Eggs.
Tomoko Matsunashi was born in Hiroshima, Japan on April 14, 1971. She says she was interested in the theatre and wanted to be an actor from the time she was in elementary school. She attended Waseda University and although she studied business, she became part of an independent theatre group while at school.
Richard Glenn Gettell (March 3, 1912 -- August 14, 1988) was an American educator who served as the 13th President of Mount Holyoke College from 1957 - 1968. He received his B.A. from Amherst College in 1933, and his Ph.D. from the University of California, Berkeley in 1940.
Lee Heider (born February 17, 1947) was born in Twin Falls, Idaho. He is a Republican member of the Idaho Senate, representing the 24th District since 2010. He is also a council member of At-Large. He received his bachelor's degree from Brigham Young University. He received his master's of public administration at Ball State University.
Keiji Ozaki was born on April 24, 1980 in the prefecture of Kanagawa, Japan. He spend his young age in USA, in Murrysville, PA until the halfway of high school. After coming to a Japanese high school, he started practicing finswimming. He participated Japanese national championship of swimming for 5 different disciplines in 1999, and he won the 5 gold medal at 5 disciplines. After graduation of high school, he entered Kanagawa University and he joined its taekwondo team.
Ayesha Bakhsh was born in District Pakpattan,Punjab, Pakistan. She is the daughter of Mian Mohammad Bakhsh and Rubina Bakhsh. She has two brothers Zeeshan Bakhsh who is also a journalist associated with Dawn News, Lahore and Osman Bakhsh and sister Saima Bakhsh. Ayesha's schooling was at St.Marry Convent School, Sahiwal. She studied at Fatima Jinnah Women University, Rawalpindi and was granted MSc degree in Communication Sciences.
Ollanta Humala (pronounced oh-YAHN-tah oo-MAH-lah) is the son of Isaac Humala, an ethnic indigenous lawyer, member of the Communist Party of Peru -- Red Fatherland, and ideological leader of the Ethnocacerista movement. Ollanta's mother is Elena Tasso. He is the brother of Antauro Humala, now serving a 25 years prison sentence for kidnapping 17 Police officers for 3 days and killing 4 of them and professor Ulises Humala. Humala was born in Peru and attended the Japanese-Peruvian school La Union in Lima. He began his military career in 1982 when he entered the Chorrillos Military School.
Mark Vaillant (born September 8, 1989 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is a French figure skater. He is a three season competitor on the Junior Grand Prix circuit as well as the 2007-2008 French national junior bronze medalist. Vaillant holds dual French-American citizenship. He is currently a graduate student at Sciences Po Paris.
Harry Beevers (January 10, 1924 -- April 14, 2004) was an American plant physiologist. Beevers made major contributions to the understanding of plant metabolism and plant cell biology. Beevers widely noted for the discovery of the glyoxylate cycle in seedlings of plants that results in the production of glucose during early seedling growth. He served as president of the American Society of Plant Physiologists. University of California called Beevers ``one of the leading plant physiologists of the 20th century''. Beevers was a member of the National Academy of Sciences and of the American Academy of Arts and Science. Beevers received honorary doctorates from Purdue University, the University of Nagoya in Japan, and the University of Newcastle on Tyne in England. Oxford University honored Beevers by naming a building in his name, the Harry Beevers Laboratory. Beevers received Stephen Hales Prize in 1970 and Charles Reid Barnes Life Membership Award in 1999.
Dave Georgeff (born February 28, 1968 in Naperville, Illinois) is an American musician. Born in Naperville, Illinois, and raised in nearby Downers Grove, Georgeff is a graduate of the Musicians Institute in Los Angeles, California.
Katz was married to Ben Sanders Katz, Jr. (March 3, 1938--January 13, 2010), until his death at the age of seventy-one from complications of pneumonia. Ben Katz, a native of Starkville, Mississippi, was the son of Ben Katz, Sr., and the former Mildred Stanley. He graduated from Starkville High School and Mississippi State University. He was a senior vice president of Amax Coal Company and president of Deposit Trust Bank. Ben Katz served on the boards of the Council on Aging, the Food Bank of Northeast Louisiana, Monroe Rotary, and the Council of Retired Executives.
In 1968, Joe graduated from University of Arizona with a Bachelor of Arts in English. He started teaching at Sunnyside High School in Tucson, Arizona. Joe left teaching and was employed in mineral exploration work from 1972--1976, working all over the western U.S. as well as in Mexico and Spain. He returned to Los Alamos, New Mexico in 1976 and again taught English. His interest in storytelling deepened, partly due to the early influence of his father, and he started to share the tales with a broader audience. In 1979, he began to devote himself full time to sharing stories. He focuses on elementary school audiences although his work appeals to a wide range of ages. In 1989, he was designated a New Mexico Eminent Scholar by the New Mexico Commission on Higher Learning. He is a guest lecturer at colleges and universities and delivered the Commencement address at the Graduate School of Library and Information Science at U.C.L.A. In 2001, he traveled to Cuba participate in a translation workshop sponsored by Writers of the Americas and developed his interest in Cuban and African folk tales there. For children and adults alike, Joe's storytelling sessions outside the tepee at the Wheelwright Museum in Santa Fe are a summer tradition that has continued for over 25 years.
A product of Sacred Heart College and Glenelg in the SANFL, he made his AFL debut in 2001 after being selected with pick 20 in the 2000 AFL Draft. Prior to his professional football career he attended Sacred Heart College, which is one of the most prolific schools in Australia in terms of producing Australian Rules footballers. His All Australian brother Chad Cornes also attended Sacred Heart College and played for Glenelg in the SANFL. They are the sons of South Australian football identity Graham Cornes.
Bagshaw was the son of Edward Bagshaw, of the City of London. He matriculated at Brasenose College, Oxford on 22 February 1605, aged 15 and was awarded BA on 7 July 1608. His tutor was Robert Bolton, a puritan writer, whose life was subsequently written by Bagshaw. He was called to the bar at Middle Temple in 1615 and was Lent reader in 1640. As Reader, he delivered two discourses to the effect that 'a parliament may be held without bishops,' and that 'bishops may not meddle in civil affairs. ' The lectures attracted the notice of Laud, and Bagshaw was prohibited from continuing them.
David Torosyan (born September 23, 1950) is a retired boxer of Armenian descent, who represented the USSR at the Summer Olympics at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada. There he won the bronze medal in the flyweight division (-- 54 kg), after being defeated in a controversial decision in the semifinals by Cuba's Ramón Duvalón. He also captured the bronze medal at the inaugural 1974 World Championships in Havana, Cuba. Torosyan trained at Trudovye Rezervy in Yerevan.
The son of author Andrew J. Offutt, Chris Offutt grew up in a small former mining community in the Appalachian foothills of eastern Kentucky. He quit high school to join the army, but failed the physical. He subsequently attended Morehead State University and graduated with a degree in theater and a minor in English. He then hitchhiked around the country, holding more than 50 jobs, all part-time.
Pravin Varaiya (born 1940) is Nortel Networks Distinguished Professor in the Department of Electrical Engineering at the University of California, Berkeley. He received the Ph.D. degree in Electrical Engineering in 1963 also from Berkeley.
Del Tufo was born in 1919 in Newark, New Jersey, the son of Raymond and Mary Del Tufo. His younger brother, Robert Del Tufo, would later serve as Attorney General of New Jersey. He attended Newark Academy, Princeton University, and Rutgers Law School. He served four years in the United States Army Air Forces and Signal Corps.
Yu Xiaosong graduated from Tsinghua University.
She grew up in New York City, attending the Bronx High School of Science. She graduated from Radcliffe College, magna cum laude, studying with Robert Lowell, Robert Fitzgerald, Elizabeth Bishop, Robert Shaw, James Richardson, and Jane Shore. She graduated from Johns Hopkins University, where she studied with Richard Howard, Cynthia Macdonald and David St. John. She taught at Boston University, and Harvard University.
Whatman was the son of James Whatman of Vinter's, near Maidstone and his wife Eliza Susanna Gaussen, daughter of Samuel Richard Gaussen of Brookman's Park, Hertfordshire. He was educated at Eton College and at Christ Church, Oxford graduating with BA 4th class in classics in 1834 and MA in 1838. He became a Fellow of the Royal Society on 9 January 1840 and was also a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries. Whatman was a director of the South Eastern Railway. He was a captain in the West Kent Militia and was a Deputy Lieutenant of London and a Deputy Lieutenant and J.P. for Kent.
Clayton Teetzel was the first career coach at Michigan State Normal. Teetzel played end on the 1897 and 1898 Michigan Wolverines football teams before switching to halfback in 1899. Teetzel graduated from the University of Michigan Law School with an LL.B. degree in 1900, following which he became the head coach at Michigan State Normal. After three seasons at MSNC, during which he compiled a 6-14-1 record, Teetzel left the school to coach football at Benton Harbor High School in 1903, 1904, and 1905. Teetzel went on to Brigham Young University (1905--1908) and Utah State Agricultural College (1908--1916), where he headed the athletic departments and coached a variety or sports, including basketball and track.
Max Bemis was born in New York City on April 6, 1984. His family moved to Hollywood, California when he was a child. He had minor roles in some films due to his father's work in Hollywood, including an uncredited role as an altar-boy in Face/Off. Bemis took piano lessons which he credits for the realization that he wanted to make music. In addition, Bemis was raised ``in a strong Jewish environment,'' which has influenced his music. His maternal grandparents were survivors of the Holocaust, which was the inspiration for the song, ``Alive With the Glory of Love.'' Bemis attended high school at Windward School, a private school in Los Angeles. He had also attended Camp Ramah in Ojai, California, where he met future band-mate Coby Linder. In 2000, Bemis, Linder, and friends from Windward and Beverly Hills High School formed Say Anything. The band was described as a high school band, but they released and an EP. In 2002, Bemis attended Sarah Lawrence College. However, he spent much of his time recording his own music and left the school after only a few months.
Harvey Sax attended Emory University from 1968-1972 where he received his Bachelor of Arts (BA) degree in English Literature.
He is one of two sons by Paul Brown (His brother, Pete, is currently the Senior Vice-President of Bengals' player personnel.) He graduated from Dartmouth College in 1957, where he played quarterback for their football team, and from Harvard Law School in 1959. In an unusual meeting between future sports owners, eventual New York Yankees owner George Steinbrenner hired him to a summer job as a deck hand for Kinsman Marine Transit Company.
He was the son of John Theyer (d. 1631), and grandson of Thomas Theyer of Brockworth, Gloucestershire, and was born there in 1597. He entered Magdalen College, Oxford, when about sixteen, but did not graduate. After three years at Magdalen he practised common law at New Inn. Anthony Wood's mother proposed to send her son to qualify under Theyer as an attorney. Wood did not go, but he became a lifelong friend, and visited Theyer to make use of his library. It was at Cooper's Hill, Brockworth, a small estate given Theyer by his father on his marriage in 1628. Theyer resided mainly at Brockworth.
Shear graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1979 with a degree in Naval Architecture and was commissioned an Ensign in the Civil Engineer Corps. In 1984 he received a Master of Science in Civil Engineering from the University of Colorado. He also holds a Master of Arts in National Security and Strategic Studies from the Naval War College.
James J. Martin (September 18, 1916 -- April 4, 2004) was an American historian. He was educated at the University of New Hampshire and the University of Michigan, earning a Ph.D. in history in 1949.
Jim Cohen graduated with honors from Cornell University and received his law degree from the University of Michigan Law School. He has taught in public and private schools in Minneapolis; and once served as board member of the Continuum Academy, a planned charter school in Minneapolis. His term on the board was short-lived, and the school subsequently opened under the name Quest Academy.
Ken Mitchell (born December 13, 1940) is a Canadian poet, novelist and playwright. Mitchell was raised on a rural farm outside the city of Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan. Mitchell began his post-secondary education as a journalism student at Ryerson University, Toronto. He later attended the University of Saskatchewan, where he received his MA in English. While attending university, Mitchell wrote both short stories and plays for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. After graduating in 1967, Mitchell joined the University of Saskatchewan's faculty, where he began teaching in the English department. Mitchell has had a notable influence in promoting Canadian literature; he took part in the founding of the Saskatchewan Writers' Guild (1969), and the Saskatchewan Playwrights Center (1982).
James Shen was born in Shanghai, China in 1909. Shen was educated at Yenching University, which was located in Beijing. He earned his Masters degree in journalism at the University of Missouri in 1935.
John Brian Conrey is an American mathematician and the executive director of the American Institute of Mathematics. His research interests are in number theory, specifically analysis of L-functions and the Riemann zeta function. He received his B.S. from Santa Clara University in 1973 and received his Ph.D. at the University of Michigan in 1980.
Paul Oslington studied at James Ruse Agricultural High School and Macquarie University before completing a Master of Economics/Econometrics with Honours and PhD in Economics from the University of Sydney and a Bachelor of Divinity from Melbourne College of Divinity.
The contestants included six twenty-somethings that applied through a write-in contest: Krishtine de Leon is a local hip-hop magazine editor from San Francisco, CA; Peter Maiden, an Australian college student at UC Berkeley; Tika Milan, a lesbian poet and freelance journalist from Brooklyn, NY; Russell Morse, a former juvenile delinquent turned reporter for a local San Francisco newspaper; Krystal Ann Simpson from Salinas, CA with a love for classic rock; and Colin Stutz, a 20 year old University of Southern California student from Oregon.
Freda Diesing has received many honors and awards. She was recognized by the National Aboriginal Achievement Foundation who awarded her the National Aboriginal Achievement Award in Winnipeg in March 2002. She received an honorary doctorate from the University of Northern British Columbia in May 2002. In 2006, Northwest Community College created the Freda Diesing School of Northwest Coast Art, located in Terrace, B.C. and named in her honor.
Amanda McClendon served as a Metro Council member from her election on August 5, 1999 until her resignation on September 1, 2006 to become a judge. She ran for re-election unopposed in 2003. Amanda McClendon graduated from Vanderbilt University with a Bachelor of Science degree in 1984. She obtained her J.D. from the University of Tennessee at Knoxville in 1984. She attended Middle Tennessee State University for 2½ years. From 1984 until 2007, she served an attorney in private practice.
Real was loaned to Pan American Airways for more than a year in 1943 to learn about commercial aircraft development. He served as a flight engineer for Pan Am on the South American and African routes. Back at Lockheed, he was assigned to work with aviation pioneer Kelly Johnson, and became division engineer for all flight test activities in 1957, and then chief of engineering flight test in 1960. He also was a flight test engineer on the first flight of the Lockheed C-130 Hercules on 23 August 1954. Two years later, his career advanced again with a promotion to chief engineer of research, development and testing. During 1964, he concentrated on the SR-71 Blackbird development with Johnson at the Lockheed Skunk Works and worked on aircraft testing projects at the Area 51 military base in southern Nevada. He was also in charge of the development of the Lockheed CL-475 and Lockheed XH-51 helicopters. By 1965, he was vice president and general manager for the Lockheed AH-56 Cheyenne helicopter program and by 1968 Lockheed had made him responsible for all of the company's rotary wing aircraft programs. From 1964 to 1965, he attended the University of Southern California School of Business.
Michael Bidwill grew up the second of five children in his family. He began to enjoy American football when he visited the Cardinals' training camp for the first time in 1969. In 1974, Bidwill's father made him one of the team's ball boys. Said Bidwill in 2007: ``I understood at a young age that when you don't win, there will be criticism.'' Michael Bidwill earned a Bachelor of Science degree in finance from Saint Louis University in 1987 where he was a member of Phi Delta Theta. Later, he graduated from the Columbus School of Law at Catholic University in 1990. From 1990--96, Michael was a federal prosecutor in Phoenix.
Michael A. Wolff was a Judge on the Supreme Court of Missouri. He served on the Supreme Court between 1998 and 2011, and as Chief Justice from 2005 to 2007. Prior to his appointment the Court, he served in the office of Governor Mel Carnahan, as chief counsel from 1993 to 1994, and as special counsel from 1994 to 1998. From 1975 to 1993, he served as a law professor at Saint Louis University School of Law. He earned his undergraduate degree from Dartmouth College, and his law degree from the University of Minnesota.
Darwin Abel Finney was born in Shrewsbury, Vermont. He attended the public schools and was graduated from the military academy at Rutland, Vermont. He moved with his parents to Meadville, Pennsylvania. He served in a clerk in a law office in Kingsbury, New York, in 1834 and 1835. He graduated from Allegheny College in Meadville in 1840. He studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1842 and commenced practice in Meadville.
He later removed back to Edinburgh in 1849 where both his sons -- Robert Scott Lauder (born 1844), who became a physician, and John Thomson Lauder (1841--1865) -- attended the Edinburgh Academy. Sir Walter Scott's novels provided him with subjects for many of his most successful historical paintings. About 1860 he suffered a paralytic stroke and did not practice after 1861. He died at Edinburgh from a bout of bronchitis on 21 April 1869, still paralysed. He is buried in Warriston Cemetery in Edinburgh.
Fred Fountain CM is the current chancellor of Dalhousie University. Fountain graduated from Dalhousie University in 1974 with a Bachelor of Laws degree. He was a founding partner of a large Canadian law firm and a judge of the Regional Assessment Appeal Court from 1980 to 1989, and is currently the Chief Executive Officer of ``Great Eastern Corporation Ltd'', an asset management firm. Fountain was invested with the award of Member of the Order of Canada by then Governor General of Canada Michaëlle Jean on June 18, 2010.
Petra White grew up in Adelaide. She studied English and German literature at the University of Melbourne, completing a BA with honours. In 2002 she studied at Essen University and travelled widely in Europe. She is currently completing a Master of Public Policy and Management, also at the University of Melbourne. In 2008 she was Fellow of Hawthornden Castle International Retreat for Writers, completing a five-week residency.
Colin McFarlane (born 15 September 1961) is an English actor and voice artist. He has appeared in several TV series, including The Fast Show, Judge John Deed, Jonathan Creek, Randall & Hopkirk (Deceased), Jeeves and Wooster, Black Books and The Thin Blue Line. He is also known for portraying Police Commissioner Gillian B. Loeb in Batman Begins and The Dark Knight. Recently he appeared in episodes of the BBC Three comedy series Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps, and also appeared in the audience of a November 2008 episode of BBC One's Question Time. He voiced God and Goliath on . McFarlane attended The Perse School Cambridge in his youth and later graduated from Loughborough University with a degree in Drama.
He started to play the violin at the age of four at The Moscow Central Music School. After emigrating to London, he continued his studies at the Yehudi Menuhin School and Eton College, before graduating at the Royal Academy of Music in London. It is there that he founded his own chamber orchestra from fellow students and began his conducting studies. As a violinist, Marius Stravinsky has performed extensively, including Lockenhaus Chamber Music Festival, Spoleto Music Festival, Melbourne International Arts Festival and many others. In 1998, he was invited to the Aix-en-Provence Festival as Claudio Abbado's assistant in Peter Brook's new Don Giovanni production (1998). From 2002, Marius Stravinsky studied conducting with Professor of the Moscow Conservatory Vladimir Ponkin. He has attended conducting master classes with Kenneth Kiesler and Eri Klas.
Chuck Taylor (born Charles L. Taylor on June 18, 1957, Hanover, New Hampshire) is an American journalist based in Seattle, Washington. Since late 2010, he has worked as an editor at The Daily Herald and HeraldNet.com in Everett, Washington. He was the founding editor of Crosscut.com in Seattle, worked as managing editor of Seattle Weekly, and was an editor and reporter at The Seattle Times and the Tri-City Herald in Kennewick, Washington. He attended Whitman College in Walla Walla, Washington, graduating in 1979. Taylor was raised in Ohio and, primarily, Albion, Michigan.
Natalie Wexler is a novelist and historian. She is a graduate of the Bryn Mawr School, Radcliffe College (A.B. 1976, magna cum laude), the University of Sussex (M.A. 1977), and the University of Pennsylvania Law School (J.D. 1983), where she served as editor-in-chief of the University of Pennsylvania Law Review. After graduating law school, she worked as a law clerk for Associate Justice Byron R. White of the United States Supreme Court. She later served as an associate editor of the eight-volume series The Documentary History of the Supreme Court, 1789-1800, and her articles and essays have appeared in the Washington Post Magazine, The American Scholar, and The Gettysburg Review, among other places.
Bernard Wolfe (August 28, 1915, New Haven, Connecticut -- October 27, 1985, Calabasas, California) was an American writer. He was educated at Yale University, and worked in the United States Merchant Marine during the 1930s. Wolfe worked briefly as secretary and bodyguard to Leon Trotsky during the latter's exile in Mexico. During World War II he was employed as a military correspondent by a number of science magazines, and then in 1946 he began to write fiction. Wolfe was the co-writer of musician Milton Mezzrow's autobiography Really The Blues.
Joel Stebbins (July 30, 1878 -- March 16, 1966) was an American astronomer who pioneered photoelectric photometry in astronomy. He earned his Ph.D at the University of California. He was director of the University of Illinois Observatory from 1903 to 1922 where he performed innovative work with the selenium cell. In 1922 he became director of the Washburn Observatory at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison where he remained until 1948. After 1948, Stebbins continued his research at Lick Observatory until his final retirement in 1958.
Born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, David Parks attended the Storm King School in Cornwall On Hudson, New York and Ricker College in Houlton, Maine. In 1965 he began a two year tour in the U.S. Army, including eight months in combat in the Vietnam War for which he was awarded two Purple Hearts. After his military service he attended and graduated from the Rochester Institute of Technology, where he studied film and photo illustration.
Orrick was born on October 10, 1915 in San Francisco, California to William Horsley Orrick I. He had a brother, Andrew Downey Orrick, former Chairman of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. He received a B.A. from Yale University in 1937, where he was a member of the Skull and Bones Society. He received an LL.B. from the University of California, Berkeley at the Boalt Hall School of Law in 1941. He was in private practice of law in San Francisco, California from 1941 to 1942. He was in the United States Army from 1942 to 1946. He was in private practice of law in San Francisco, California from 1946 to 1961. He was an assistant U.S. Attorney general of Civil Division, U.S. Department of Justice from 1961 to 1962. He was a Deputy U.S. undersecretary of state for administration, U.S. Department of State from 1962 to 1963. He was an assistant U.S. Attorney general of Antitrust Division, U.S. Department of Justice from 1963 to 1965. He was in private practice of law in San Francisco, California from 1965 to 1974.
Justin Edl (born 1981 in Laramie, Wyoming) is a leading American rock crack climber. Edl began climbing at the age of 18. While climbing near Laramie, Wyoming, he completed his Bachelor of Science in Mathematics at the University of Wyoming. He has established his skills in several types of climbing, including bouldering, sport climbing, and hard traditional climbing. He has made many challenging first ascents, primarily in the Vedauwoo rock climbing area in Southeast Wyoming. Edl has traveled extensively throughout the American west and completed a number of difficult climbs. He is known for being very modest, often only promoting his First Ascents as being done by ``some local climber''. He is a strong advocate of off-width crack climbing and bouldering and has done much to develop and promote the popularity of this specialized form of rock climbing in Wyoming and beyond.
At Kingwood High School, Nic Wise was a two year letterwinner. He played his freshmen Highschool year at Cinco Ranch in Katy. The following year he played under his father at Hightower Highschool. His highschool junior year he then went to Westfield Highschool and quickly left when playing time may be in question. He then transferred to Kingwood High School and finished his career with a record of 131-23 (.851) -- the most wins by any player in Texas Class 5A history. He averaged 19.0 points, 8.0 assists, 6.0 rebounds, and 4.0 steals per contest. Wise led Kingwood to the Texas Class 5A State Championship, where he was named the tournament's most valuable player. He was ranked the 26th best high school prospect and the 4th best point guard in the nation by Bob Gibbons's All-Star sports Top 100.
Charles Adams Mosher was born in Sandwich, Illinois. He graduated from Sandwich High School, and Oberlin College in 1928. He was employed on daily newspapers in Aurora, Illinois, and Janesville, Wisconsin, from 1929 to 1940. He was president and manager of the Oberlin Printing Company and editor-publisher of the Oberlin News-Tribune, 1940-1961. He was vice chairman of Oberlin City Council, 1945-1951. He was a member of the Ohio State Senate from 1951 to 1960, a member of Ohio Legislative Service Commission from 1947 to 1959, and vice chairman of the Ohio School Survey Commission from 1954 to 1955. He was a delegate to the White House Conference on Education in 1955, director of the Oberlin Improvement and Development Corporation and a member of Presidential Commission on Marine Science, Engineering and Resources, 1967-1969. In 1961 he was listed as being on the Committee on Science and Astronautics. Chaired by Overton Brooks, and therefore a contributor to what has now become popularly known as the 'Brookings Report' (1961). The report dealt with the long term implications for American Society of Space exploration.
Vivino grew up in Glen Rock, New Jersey, where he attended Glen Rock High School. He had an interest in music from a young age. He began working in New York clubs in the early 1980s and in 1984 was musical director of the play Leader of the Pack. Later he led ``Jimmy Vivino and the Black Italians'' and worked with Al Kooper. Kooper considered Vivino to be one of his ``discoveries'' and had him as musical director for fifteen years. Later Vivino ``took over'' his ``The Rekooperators'' which Kooper stated made him proud. Vivino did much of the orchestration for the Max Weinberg Seven from 1993 onward. On the October 19, 2010 Vivino was named bandleader of the Conan show, replacing previous leader Max Weinberg. The group is called The Basic Cable Band.
Gibbs was born in Auburn, Alabama. His parents, Nancy and Robert Coleman Gibbs, worked in the Auburn University library system and involved their son in politics at an early age. Nancy Gibbs would take Robert, then known as ``Bobby,'' to local League of Women Voters meetings rather than hire a babysitter, and involved him in ``voter re-identification'' work at the county courthouse. Gibbs attended Auburn City Schools and Auburn High School. At Auburn High, Gibbs played saxophone in the Auburn High School Band, was a goalkeeper on the Tigers' soccer team, and participated in the school's debate squad. Gibbs graduated from Auburn High in 1989, in the same class as novelist Ace Atkins, LEGO artist Eric Harshbarger, and the Chief Hospitalist at Valley Medical Center, Dr. Michael Mena.
Giles Marshall (born 8 September 1965 in Sheffield, UK) is a member of the Conservative Party of the United Kingdom. He was chairman of the Tory Reform Group. Marshall was educated at Solihull School, an historic school in the Midlands. He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Bristol
Karl Richter (15 October 1926 -- 15 February 1981) was a German conductor, organist, and harpsichordist. He was born in Plauen and studied first in Dresden, where he was a member of the Dresdner Kreuzchor and later in Leipzig, where he received his degree in 1949. He studied with Günther Ramin, Carl Straube and Rudolf Mauersberger. In the same year, he became organist at St. Thomas Church, Leipzig, where Johann Sebastian Bach once held the position as Musical Director. In 1951, he moved to Munich, where he taught at the conservatory and was cantor and organist at St. Mark's Church. He also conducted the Münchener Bach-Chor starting in 1954 and the Münchener Bach-Orchester. In the 1960s and 1970s, he did a great deal of recording and undertook tours to Japan, the United States, Canada, Latin-America, Eastern Europe including the Soviet Union.
Tommy Smith (born December 4, 1980) is an American basketball player who played collegiately at Arizona State University. A 6'10`` and 225 lb forward, Smith attended North High School and was selected in the 2nd round of the 2003 NBA Draft by the Chicago Bulls and now plays overseas. A highlight of the 2002-2003 season was a 16-rebound, 6-block performance in an 89-57 win over Washington on January 9, 2003.
Wilhelm Crinius was born in Hohenhausen, Kalletal on 2 December 1920. His father, also named Wilhelm, was a master craftsman and house painter and decorator, his mother née Tölle. Crinius attended the Volksschule, a primary school, in Hohenhausen from 1927 until 1935. In 1935 he started his merchant apprenticeship at the savings and loans bank in Hohenhausen. Parallel to his apprenticeship, he attended the vocational school. He worked at the saving and loans bank in Hohenhausen as an employee from Easter 1938 until November 1938.
Sakal was a classic newspaper of the nationalist period. Its idealistic founder, Dr. N.B. alias Nanasaheb Parulekar had been influenced by American papers during his years at Columbia University. And though he started Sakal (morning) to advance Mahatma Gandhi's movement for independence, he also introduced genuine daily journalism to Marathi.
During the 1836-1839 Cherokee removal from all tribal lands west of the Mississippi, the tribe signed the 1835 Treaty of New Echota that created their reservation in Oklahoma, ``including the Outlet'' specifically named as part of the Cherokee reservation. The acreage west of the 96th Meridian was known as the Cherokee Outlet, or Cherokee Strip. When cattlemen began leasing grazing land on the Outlet, the Cherokees levied taxes on the cattlemen. Some of the cattlemen ignored the levies, and began building fences made of Outlet timber. In 1883, the Interior Department forced removal of the fences. The cattlemen formed the Cherokee Strip Livestock Association to work with the tribes. Tribal chief Joel B. Mayes was a graduate of Cherokee Male Seminary, a former school teacher, and a veteran of the Confederate First Indian Regiment during the Civil War. Before and after the war, Mayes ran a farm, oversaw his fruit orchards, and raised livestock. In 1883, he was elevated to Chief Justice of the Cherokee Supreme Court, and became Principal Chief of the Cherokee Nation in 1888. Mayes was responsible for renegotiation of the grazing lease on the Outlet. He was re-elected as Chief in 1891, and died on December 14 of that year. Upon his death, Colonel Johnson Harris was elected chief.
Yury Abramovich graduated from Moscow Aviation Institute in 1959. From 1965 to 1995 Abramovich worked as a test pilot at aviation enterprise ``Znamya Truda'' (now named MAIA) in Lukhovitsy town of the Moscow District. He tested several supersonic fighter aircraft Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-21, Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-23, Mikoyan MiG-29 and their modifications, and participated in testing the Ilyushin Il-103 light multipurpose aircraft.
Jiří Zídek, Jr., generally referred to in English as George Zidek (born August 2, 1973, in Gottwaldov, Czechoslovakia (now Zlín, Czech Republic)), is a retired Czech professional basketball player. He was selected by the Charlotte Hornets in the 1st round (22nd overall) of the 1995 NBA Draft. Zidek played in 3 NBA seasons for the Hornets, Denver Nuggets and Seattle SuperSonics, averaging 3.4 ppg in his NBA career. He played collegiately at University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) and was the starting center of their 1995 NCAA championship team.
William Lewis, the son of John (William?) Lewis, a brewer, was born in Richmond, Surrey. He matriculated at Christ Church, Oxford on 17 March 1730. He was graduated B.A. in 1734, and proceeded M.A. 1737, M.B. 1741, and M.D. 1745. He practiced as a physician, and in 1746 was living in Dover Street, London, but shortly afterwards moved to Kingston upon Thames. At the opening of the Radcliffe Library in 1749, Lewis delivered the oration. He died in Kingston, Surrey on 21 January 1781 and was buried in Richmond.
Ken Myer was born in San Francisco, California, United States in 1921, the eldest son of Sidney Myer, who migrated to Australia from Russia in 1899, then moved to the United States to make his fortune. Sidney Myer had divorced his first wife in Reno, Nevada, but this divorce was not recognised under Australian law. His second wife, (later Dame) Merlyn Myer, travelled to San Francisco for the birth of each of her four children to ensure they would be considered legitimate. The Myers returned to Australia in 1929 and Ken was educated at Geelong Grammar School, where his strengths were in music, the arts, the classics and languages. His father died at an early age in 1934, when Ken was 13 years of age. He was accepted to Oxford University but could not attend due to the outbreak of World War II. He attended Princeton University for a year, then returned to Australia and served in the Royal Australian Navy (RAN).
Amanda Felder holds an undergraduate degree from Rice University and in March 2010 she was awarded a Ph.D. in Bioengineering from UC (University of California) San Diego. Felder resides in Cupertino.
Born in Cambridge, Barry Pain was educated at Sedbergh School and Corpus Christi College, Cambridge. He became a prominent contributor to The Granta. He was known as a writer of parody and lightly humorous stories.
Oscar Cantú was born in Houston, Texas to Mexican immigrants Ramiro and Maria de Jesus Cantú. He is fifth of eight children. His family originally lived in Chicago, Illinois before moving to the South, and is old friends with retired Archbishop Patrick Flores. He attended St. Thomas High School and the University of Dallas, from where he obtained his Bachelor of Arts degree. He also earned a Master of Divinity and of Theological Studies from the University of St. Thomas before traveling to Rome to study at the Pontifical Gregorian University, earning his Licentiate of Sacred Theology.
Nancy Frangione (born July 10, 1953 in Barnstable, Massachusetts) is an American soap opera actress. She is a graduate of Barnstable High School.
Born in the Greek island of Crete, Ioannis Anastassakis. He completed his Bachelor degree at the American College of Greece, and subsequently studied at the distinguished Musicians Institute (GIT), where he was hired as an instructor, after graduating at the top 1% of his class. He continued his graduate studies in Music, at the California State University, completing an MA in Guitar Performance, graduating Magna cum Laude.
The assassin was Yigal Amir, a former Hesder student and far-right law student at Bar-Ilan University. Amir had strenuously opposed Rabin's peace initiative, particularly the signing of the Oslo Accords, because he felt that an Israeli withdrawal from the West Bank would deny Jews their ``biblical heritage which they had reclaimed by establishing settlements.'' Amir had come to believe that Rabin was a din rodef, meaning a ''pursuer`` who endangered Jewish lives. The concept of din rodef is a part of traditional Jewish law. Under din rodef, Amir would be justified in removing Rabin from being a threat to Jews in the territories.
The youngest son of Peniston Lamb, 1st Viscount Melbourne and his wife Elizabeth, and the brother of William Lamb, 2nd Viscount Melbourne, Frederick Lamb, 3rd Viscount Melbourne and Emily Lamb, Lady Cowper, he was educated at Eton College and Trinity College, Cambridge where he graduated MA in 1805.
Craig Bolotin is an American screenwriter and film director. He graduated from the University of California at Berkeley where he studied philosophy and penned film reviews. He has written and rewritten numerous screenplays (several unaccredited) for such directors as Ridley Scott and Francis Ford Coppola.
Sid McMath remained active into his 90's, continuing to speak at Arkansas schools and events, particularly at his first alma mater, Henderson State University, whose faculty established a history and political science lecture series in his honor, and at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences, to whose scholarship fund he was a substantial contributor. He also supported local civic organizations, including the Union Rescue Mission, the Scottish Rite Masons (who awarded him its highest honor of the Grand Cross), and the Lions World Services for the Blind, whose training school in Little Rock he completed in 1999 following the loss of his vision due to macular degeneration. A video commercial featuring McMath has been aired nationally by the school in recent years. McMath was elected president of the Third Marine Division Association and in 1994 he narrated The Battle of Bauxite, a television documentary recounting the story of the miners who excavated thousands of tons of aluminum ore from pits near Bauxite, Arkansas which was used for military aircraft production during World War II. Aluminum workers and their families were among his most ardent supporters during his many campaigns. McMath taught a senior Bible study class for 26 years at Little Rock's Pulaski Heights United Methodist Church, with emphasis on the Old Testament prophets.
At the 1932 Games in Los Angeles, California, Holm won her favorite event, with defending champion Marie Braun having to forfeit the final due to an insect bite. ``I was hardly dry at those Olympics when I was whisked from one studio to another-- Warner Brothers, MGM, Paramount--to take screen tests,'' she told the New York Times in 1984. Also in 1932, she was one of fourteen girls named as a WAMPAS Baby Star alongside Ginger Rogers and Gloria Stuart. The following year, on 2 September 1933, she married her first husband, Art Jarrett, a fellow graduate of Erasmus Hall High School in Brooklyn, the singer and bandleader at the Cocoanut Grove night-club, after a whirlwind five-month romance. She even performed with his band while wearing a white bathing suit and white cowboy hat with high heels, singing ``I'm an Old Cowhand from the Rio Grande.''
He was son of Stanley Gower, successively rector of Brampton Bryan, Herefordshire, and of Holy Trinity, Dorchester, and a member of the Westminster Assembly in 1643. Humphrey Gower was born at Brampton Bryan in 1638 and educated at St Paul's School and at Dorchester, and St. John's College, Cambridge, where he graduated B.A. in 1658, was elected to a fellowship on 23 March 1659, and proceeded M.A. in 1662. Having taken holy orders, he was successively incumbent of Hammoon, Dorset, to which living he was presented in April 1663, of Packlesham (1667--1675), of Newton in the Isle of Ely (1675--1677), and of Fen Ditton, to which he was collated on 4 July 1677.
During his time at University of Karlsruhe from 1894 to 1911, Fritz Haber and Carl Bosch developed the Haber process, which is the catalytic formation of ammonia from hydrogen and atmospheric nitrogen under conditions of high temperature and pressure.
Carrog Station is now part of the Llangollen Railway and is currently one end of the line, until the extension to Bonwm is opened. One notable resident is Peredur Lynch who graduated from Bangor University to become an academical literate. Carrog has one primary school, Ysgol Carrog which is over 100 years old.
Peter Meineck was born in Melton Mowbray Leicestershire, England and grew up in New Malden, Surrey in the UK where he attended Beverley Boys School. His earned a BA (Hons) in Ancient World Studies in the departments of Greek and Latin at University College London and his PhD in Classics at the University of Nottingham. He worked extensively in London theatre and founded Aquila Theatre in 1991. His aim with Aquila is to bring the greatest works to the greatest number and he has developed a sixty-seventy city American tour that brings classical drama to communities of all sizes across the USA. His work with Aquila has been seen regularly in New York City at the Clark Studio at Lincoln Center, Carnegie Hall, 45 Bleecker, Manhattan Ensemble Theatre, Classic Stage Company, Baruch Theatre, The Skirball Center, The New Victory Theatre and Theatre Row. Aquila has also performed at the White House and around the world, recently in Greece, the UK, Germany, Bermuda, Poland and Hungary. He has directed and/or produced over 50 productions including; Aescyhlus' Agamemnon, Sophocles' Ajax, Philoctetes and Oedipus Tyrannus, Aristophanes' Clouds, Frogs, Wasps and Birds, Chaucer's The Canterbury Tales, Shakespeare's Coriolanus, Macbeth, Julius Caesar, King Lear, Comedy of Errors, Much Ado About Nothing, A Midsummer Night's Dream, Romeo and Juliet, and As You Like It. He has also designed lights for over 30 productions. HIs work has received grants from the National Endowment for the Humanities, The National Endowment for the Arts, The New York State Council for the Humanities, The New York State Council for the Arts, The New York City Department of Cultural Affairs, The Mid Atlantic Arts Foundation, Southeast Arts, Southern Arts, The Charles Hayden Foundation, The Onassis Foundation, The Laura Pels Foundation, The Carnegie Mellon Foundation and The New York Times Foundation.
Fortescue was the son of Chichester Fortescue, of Dromisken, County Louth, by Martha Angel, daughter of Samuel Meade Hobson, a barrister, of Muchridge House, County Cork. Chichester Parkinson-Fortescue, 1st Baron Carlingford was his younger brother. He was a descendant of Chichester Fortescue, of Dromisken, whose brother William Fortescue was the grandfather of William Fortescue, 1st Earl of Clermont. He was educated at Exeter College, Oxford. In 1833 he succeeded to the Ravensdale Park estate in Derbyshire on the death of Sir Henry James Goodricke, 7th Baronet, son of Sir Henry Goodricke, 6th Baronet, by Charlotte, sister of the first Earl of Clermont.
Cameron Jensen (born June 29, 1982 in Bountiful, Utah) is an American football linebacker who is currently a free agent. He was originally signed by the Seattle Seahawks as an undrafted free agent in 2007. He played college football at Brigham Young University.
TGR was founded by Corey Gavitt, brothers Todd and Steve Jones, and Dirk Collins. Gavitt, the son of legendary basketball coach and ex-Boston Celtics CEO Dave Gavitt, grew up in Providence, Rhode Island and spent summers on Cape Cod. He was a high school all-American lacrosse player and graduated from the University of North Carolina, where he won a national championship. He is a former University of Maryland assistant woman's basketball coach, Boston Celtics scout, and special assistant to the Celtics General Manager. Steve Jones grew up on Cape Cod and spent the weekends skiing in Stowe, Vermont. He graduated from Holderness School in 1987. He later transferred to the University of Montana and graduated from the National Outdoor Leadership School. Brother Todd Jones also grew up on Cape Cod and spent the weekends skiing in Stowe. He is a 1989 graduate of Kimball Union Academy. He attended the University of Montana and graduated from the National Outdoor Leadership School. Dirk Collins, the son of a kayaker, grew up skiing and climbing in the Chugach Mountains of Alaska. He attended high school in Anchorage and completed two years at the University of Alaska Anchorage before moving to Jackson Hole in 1991. The four met skiing and working as commercial fishermen in Alaska.
Ruthe Lewin Winegarten (August 26, 1929-June 14, 2004) was an American author, activist, and historian. Born in Dallas in 1929, Winegarten attended Forest Avenue High School (known today as James Madison High School), receiving a scholarship to attend Southern Methodist University. She also attended the University of Texas at Austin, where she received her bachelor's degree in anthropology in 1950, and was active in helping to get the first black student admitted to the University of Texas Law School. She later earned a master's degree in social work from the University of Texas at Arlington and did coursework for a doctorate in history at the University of Texas at Dallas.
Imam was a graduate of Pakistan Military Academy (PMA) in Kakul (located near Abbottabad in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan), and of Fort Bragg, North Carolina, United States. After his graduation from PMA, he joined the Pakistan Army's 15th Frontier Force Regiment as a 2nd Lieutenant. His unit was sent to the United States in 1974, and was trained shoulder-to-shoulder among with United States Army Special Forces. Upon his graduation from the Special Forces School, he was awarded American Green Beret by his training commander. Following his return to Pakistan, Imam joined the Special Service Group (SSG). In the 1980s, he participated in Soviet war in Afghanistan, notably the Battle for Hill 3234. Colonel Imam was increasingly involved in Afghanistan's politics even after the Soviet withdrawal from Afghanistan. After the Soviet-Afghan war, Colonel Imam supported and trained Taliban fighters independently. It was alleged even in the 2000s that he still independently supported the Taliban independence movement in Afghanistan. He was a disciple of Ameer Muhammad Akram Awan, the current sheikh of silsila Naqshbandia Owaisia.
Clarence Linus Cory (September 4, 1872 - August 2, 1937) is American engineer and educator who is known as the father of Electrical Engineering at University of California, Berkeley.Clarence Cory was born in Lafayette, Indiana to Thomas Cory and Carrie Stoney. Clarence Cory's farther was an inventor and served as a topographer in the Union Army during the American Civil War. In 1889, Clarence Cory received a degree of bachelor of Mechanical Engineering in Electrical Engineering from Purdue University at the age of 16. In 1891 he received a degree of Master of Mechanical Engineering from Cornell University. Corey was appointed to a position of Professor of Electrical Engineering at Highland Park College in Des Moines, Iowa in 1891. In 1892, he became the first Professor of Mechanical and Electrical Engineering at University of California, Berkeley.
David Rupel is an American television soap opera script writer. Rupel is a graduate of Indiana University, with a BA in Communications, where he graduated Magna Cum Laude.
Born as Lillian Gertrude Michael in Talladega, Alabama, she reportedly graduated from high school at the age of 14. She became a radio singer on the radio. She attended the University of Alabama and Converse College, Cincinnati. Her childhood home in Talladega, Alabama was destroyed by fire in 2007.
William Richards Castle, Jr. was born in Honolulu on June 19, 1878 when it was the Kingdom of Hawaii. His father, William Richards Castle served King David Kalākaua as attorney general and later as Hawaiian Minister to the United States, where he was an active proponent of annexation. His grandfather Samuel Northrup Castle founded agricultural giant Castle & Cooke corporation. William Richards Castle, Jr. graduated from Punahou School and then Harvard College in 1900, where he was a member of the Phoenix S.K. Club. His mentor was Professor Barrett Wendell. He remained at Harvard as an English instructor and assistant dean in charge of freshmen from 1904--1913. In 1910 he was President and one of the founders of the Hawaiian Trail & Mountain Club which has been active for over 100 years. From 1915 through 1917, he was editor of the Harvard Graduates' Magazine and wrote several articles. He published two novels and a book on Hawaiian history.
Suh Yongsun studied Fine Arts at Seoul National University from 1975 to 1982 and worked as a professor at the College of Fine Arts at this University from 1986 to 2008. After withdrawing from his long-time professorship, he was elected Korea's Artist of the Year for 2009 and honored with a solo show at the National Museum of Contemporary Art, South Korea.
Paz was born to Octavio Paz Solórzano and Josefina Lozano. His father was an active supporter of the Revolution against the Díaz regime. Paz was raised in the village of Mixcoac (now a part of Mexico City) by his mother Josefina (daughter of Spanish immigrants), his aunt Amalia Paz, and his paternal grandfather Ireneo Paz, a liberal intellectual, novelist, publisher and former supporter of President Porfirio Díaz. He studied at Colegio Williams. Because of his family's public support of Emiliano Zapata, they were forced into exile after Zapata's assassination. They served their exile in the United States.
Justin Salinger is a British actor, notable for work including Revengers Tragedy (2002), (2003) and (2006) and the stage play Modern Dance for Beginners. He graduated from the Guildhall School of Music and Drama in 1996.
Tom Snyder is a producer perhaps best known for the Squigglevision animation technique. His first success with this method was Dr. Katz, Professional Therapist. He is also a graduate of Swarthmore College and as an educator he was inducted into the Association of Educational Publishers Hall of Fame. His educational work includes the series Science Court and educational computer software. Since stepping down as chairman of ``Tom Snyder Productions'' he has worked on music composition and writing.
In 1995 Professor Al Filreis and a group of volunteers made up of faculty, students, staff and alumni of the University of Pennsylvania founded the Kelly Writers House. The group, the Writers House Planning Committee, aimed to create a central space where students of the University of Pennsylvania and members of the greater Philadelphia writing community could ``organize, promote, and share'' creative writing activities. Penn alumnus Paul Kelly funded renovations to the house itself, a cottage built as part of a Victorian suburban development project in 1851. The renovations transformed the house, which had for many years been the home of a university chaplain, into a unique multi-purpose community space. What had once been the parlor became the Arts Café, a south-facing room with large windows where classes and many Kelly Writers House events are held. The house also features a publications room, an office for the Kelly Writers house hub, classroom space, and a dining room and kitchen all open for events and student and writers house community use.
The brothers fled to Hsinchu, Taiwan in 1949 and both studied law in Soochow University. Winston Chang received his master's from Southern Methodist University, and his doctorate from Tulane University Law School. After returning to Taiwan, he was mostly involved in teaching and research. He later became the chairman of the Soochow University College of Law as well as the president in 1992.
As an All-American selection playing at Indianapolis Tech, Frank Kendrick attended Purdue University, located in West Lafayette, Indiana. He played basketball under head coach George King in his sophomore season. Playing under Fred Schaus in his last two seasons at Purdue, he led the Boilers to the 1974 NIT Championship, scoring a team high 25 points against Utah. He was selected as the team MVP and as a First Team All-Big Ten selection during his Junior and Senior seasons while averaging 18.5 points per game in both seasons. He was named a Helms Athletic Foundation All-American following his Senior season. He finished his career at Purdue with 1,269 points, #22 All-Time at Purdue; 664 rebounds (#9 All-Time) and 29 double-doubles. Frank helped lead the team to an overall 48-30 record in his three varsity seasons, which includes a 24-18 Big Ten Conference record.
Olita Rause graduated from the University of Latvia with a Master of Philology degree and now works as the editor for Janis Roze Publishers in Riga. Olita Rause was married with Chess Grandmaster Igors Rausis.
Junichi P. Semitsu was born in Fresno, California. He grew up in Hanford, California and attended Hanford High School. He received a B.A. in Economics from the University of California at Berkeley and a J.D. from Stanford Law School.
Paul Byard (August 30, 1939--July 15, 2008) was a lawyer and an architect. He was born in New York into an educationally successful family. His father was a lawyer and his mother was a teacher of English at Columbia University. Byard graduated from Yale College in 1961 and went on to receive degrees from Clare College, Cambridge, Harvard Law School, and later in architecture from Columbia.
Indrani Sen is a Bengali Indian exponent of Rabindra Sangeet and Bengali songs. She studied at the Bengal Music College, a music training college affiliated with the prestigious University of Calcutta.
Brother of David Myers. He graduated from Wagner College with a bachelor's degree in Mathematics in 1967. He then attended and graduated from Navy OCS, and served two tours in Vietnam.
In 1964 he graduated from the Judson School, a boarding school outside of Scottsdale, Arizona. At his high school graduation, Ronald Reagan introduced himself to his son by saying, ``My name is Ronald Reagan. What's yours?'' . He replied, ``I'm your son, Mike.'' ``Oh,'' says Ronald Reagan. ``I didn't recognize you.'' He briefly attended Arizona State University.
Jason W. Fleischer is an American electrical engineer, an associate professor of electrical engineering at Princeton University. Fleischer received his Ph.D. in 1999, from the University of California, San Diego. His research is in the area of nonlinear optics, including the use of light to model superfluids and the recovery of images from scenes obscured by translucent materials.
James Savage married Eleanor Lewis, the daughter of his mentor Llew Llwyfo, on 11 December 1871 at St. Louis, Missouri. They had six children. Their first child Lillian was born in St. Louis in 1872. Their second child Thomas (always to be known as ''Tonzo``) was born in Rhyl, Wales in 1874 and in 1898 married Elsie Peddie in Newark, New Jersey, the daughter of Republican politician Thomas Baldwin Peddie. Their third child, Vilda, was born in Aberystwyth, Wales in 1875 while James was studying at Aberystwyth University. James and Eleanor's fourth child, Mary Blodwen, was born in Fulham, London, England in 1877. They had two more children, Louis Idris born in Hammersmith, London, England in 1885 and James Elwyn born in 1890 in Newark, New Jersey.
He was a pupil of August Kundt at the University of Strasbourg, where he received his doctorate in 1887 with a thesis on the phase change of light upon reflection, and methods to determine the thickness of thin films.
Rebecca Kadaga attended Namasagali College for her high school education. She graduated with a law degree (LLB) from Makerere University in 1978. She went on to obtain the Diploma in Legal Practice from the Law Development Center in Kampala in 1979. In 2000, she obtained the Diploma in Women's Law from the University of Zimbabwe. In 2003, she obtained the degree of Master of Arts (MA), specializing in Women's Law, also from the University of Zimbabwe.
Henry Haven Windsor (November 13, 1859 -- May 11, 1924), American author, magazine editor, and publisher, was the founder and first editor of Popular Mechanics. He was succeeded as editor by his son, Henry Haven Windsor, Jr (1898-1965). According to a brief biography published by Press Club of Chicago in 1922, Windsor was born in a log cabin near Mitchell, Iowa, the son of Rev. William D. D. Windsor and Harriet Butler (Holmes) Windsor. He attended Iowa College (later known as Grinnell College), graduating in 1884. On June 25, 1889, he married Lina B. Jackson in Marengo, Illinois.
Tom Stone played youth soccer for the Texas Longhorns in Dallas, where he was instrumental in seeing the team compete in the U.S. Youth Soccer finals. Later, he attended Duke University. As a player for the Duke Blue Devils, Stone scored the only goal in the 1986 National Championship game, giving his team the win over Akron. He went on to play professionally for three teams.
George Levendis was born in South Africa to Greek parents. From a young age, he started working in his family's businesses, including his parents jewelry business. He later worked as a DJ. Levendis soon moved with his family to Sydney, Australia where he attended Sydney Boys High School. He pursued a Bachelor of Arts degree in Psychology at the University of New South Wales and in 1992 graduated with a Master of Commerce in Marketing. He continued his further education graduating with a Master of Arts in Media Management from Macquarie University Graduate School of Management in 1994.
David Nimmer is an American lawyer, law professor, renowned as an expert in United States copyright law. He received an A.B. with distinction and honors in 1977 from Stanford University and his J.D. in 1980 from Yale Law School, where he served as editor of the Yale Law Journal. David Nimmer is of counsel to Irell & Manella LLP in Los Angeles, California. He also serves as a Professor from Practice at University of California, Los Angeles Law School and Distinguished Scholar at the Berkeley Center for Law and Technology. In 2000, he was elected to the American Law Institute. He has served as a guest professor at the University of Haifa, Yeshiva University (Cardozo Law School), and the University of Miami.
Michael Weiner is a professor of East Asian History and International Studies and is the director of International Studies at Soka University of America (SUA). Previously, he was professor and chair of Asian Studies at San Diego State University. He received his B.A. from Sophia University, Tokyo, and his Ph.D. from University of Sheffield, UK.
Gillian Keith was educated at the Schulich School of Music of McGill University, Montreal and at the Royal Academy of Music in London.
Pierre Caille briefly attended the Academy of Tournai (1926) and the advertising section in La Cambre (1931), and ceramics (1938) and is also close to Roger Guérin (Jumet, 1896 - Bouffioulx, 1954), Henry van de Velde, George Grard, Charles Leplae. Pierre Caille is a multifaceted and atypical painter, draftsman, printmaker, sculptor, potter, jewelry designer. His inspiration shows a fertile imagination, and gives form to the wonderful and extraordinary. From 1949 to 1976, Pierre Caille is a professor at La Cambre, where he leads the class of ceramics.
Alix Dobkin was born in New York City and raised in Philadelphia and Kansas City. She graduated from Germantown High School in 1958 and the Tyler School of Art with a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in 1962. She began performing on the Greenwich Village coffeehouse scene in 1962 and three years later married Sam Hood who ran the Gaslight Cafe. They moved to Miami and opened The Gaslight South Cafe, but moved back to New York in 1968. Their daughter Adrian was born two years later, and the following year the marriage broke up. A few months later, Dobkin came out as a lesbian, which was uncommon for a public personality to do at the time.
Ronnie Blake (born May 23, 1972) is a trumpeter from Fullerton, California. Blake studied at Cal State Northridge. He won the International Trumpet Guild's Mock Orchestra Audition in 1992 as well as the local Dolo Coker Jazz Scholarship and Outstanding Trumpet Player in the Pacific Coast Jazz Festival. Blake went on to study at the California Institute of the Arts and achieved his Masters Degree in Music. Afterwards, he performed alongside numerous artists such as Aaliyah, Ben Harper, Dr Dre, and Big Bad Voodoo Daddy.
Mark Koncar is a former American football offensive tackle. He is a graduate from Murray High School located in Murray, Utah. After graduating high school Koncar attended the University of Colorado. Koncar was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the 1976 NFL Draft, playing for five seasons before playing for the Houston Oilers. After playing for the Oilers he retired.
Lee Talbott (Leander James Talbott, Jr.; July 12, 1887 -- September 16, 1954) was an American track and field athlete, tug of war competitor, and wrestler from Kansas City, Missouri. He attended the Mercersburg Academy and was a weight thrower for Cornell University. He was a member of the Kansas City Athletic Club and he competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics as a member of the Irish American Athletic Club. In his prime, Talbott stood 6' 6`` inches and weighed 220 lbs.
Back when it was originally formed, Make Your Momma Proud was a four-man rock band, whose arsenal included Jimi Hendrix, The Doors and, as Alcantara adds, a little Mr. Big. He was still a student at Miriam College then, taking up Communication Arts, major in Advertising. ``My mom played the piano but she didn't get to see me play professionally--she did get to see me start out,'' Alcantara said. In the year after his mother died, Alcantara took up the guitar and, in his words, ``really got obsessed with it and that's when I knew what I wanted to be, a musician.'' Alcantara was enjoined by his father (an investment and a private development banker) to attend classical guitar tutoring, but stopped after a month. Alcantara taught himself how to play.
Sex: The Annabel Chong Story (1999) is a documentary, directed, filmed, and produced by Gough Lewis, and edited by co-creator Kelly Morris, which profiles porn star Annabel Chong (real name: Grace Quek). Quek, a gender studies student at the University of Southern California, was also an adult actress famous for setting a world record by having sex 251 times with 70 men in ten hours in January 1995. A video of this event was released under the title The World's Biggest Gang Bang.
Catharine Elizabeth Bean Cox (1865-1964) was born in Iowa into a Quaker family on August 11, 1865. She received a BA from Bryn Mawr College in 1889. In 1891, she married Isaac Milton Cox. In 1898, she and her family moved to Hawaii, spurred by Isaac's poor health. She taught at Punahou School and helped Anna Rice Cooke research and catalog her art collection, which became the Honolulu Academy of Arts. Catharine Cox also served as director of the Honolulu Academy of Arts from 1927 to 1928. She died December 7, 1964.
Evans was born in Cokesbury, South Carolina to an aristocratic and well connected family. His father was Nathan George Evans, a Confederate general, and after his father died in 1868, he went to live in Edgefield with his uncle Martin Witherspoon Gary. After completing his secondary education in Cokesbury, he enrolled at Union College in Schenectady, New York. His uncle's death in 1881 forced him to withdraw from college due to financial constraints, but he would later graduate in 1883.
David Sosa is an American philosopher. He received his undergraduate degree from Brown University and a doctorate in philosophy from Princeton University. His PhD dissertation, completed in 1996 under the supervision of Mark Johnston, was titled ``Representing Thoughts and Language''. Before moving to Texas, Sosa was a post-doctoral fellow at U.C. Berkeley and an assistant professor of philosophy at Dartmouth College. He is the son of the philosopher Ernest Sosa.
Leslie Cheung Kwok-Wing was born in Kowloon, Hong Kong. His birth name was Cheung Fat-chung (張發宗), which was later changed to Cheung Kwok-Wing. Cheung was the youngest of ten children in a middle-class Hakka family. Cheung Wut Hoi, his father, was a fairly well known tailor, whose customers included the American actors William Holden and Cary Grant. His parents divorced when he was quite young. While in Hong Kong, Cheung attended Rosaryhill School (Stubbs Road, Hong Kong).
Jakob von Baden was born at the Burg Hohenbaden in Baden-Baden on June 6, 1471, the second child and eldest son of Christopher I, Margrave of Baden-Baden and his wife Ottilie of Katzenelnbogen. He studied Christian theology at the University of Bologna and the Sapienza University of Rome.
Dr. Lulu Hunt Peters (1873-1930) was born and raised in California. She attended the University of California and graduated in 1909 as a Doctor of Medicine. Having grown up a hefty child and once weighing over 200 lbs, she was always extremely wary of the problems weight presented to her. A few years after graduating, Dr. Hunt wrote a featured newspaper column entitled Diet and Health for the Central Press Association, which supplied content for about 400 newspapers nationwide. In 1918, her diet book Diet & Health: With Key to the Calories, named after her column, sold 2 million copies and presented the concept of cutting back calories as the best form of weight loss/watching weight to American women, who were wanting to conform to the newfound body image ``this is in''. Along with presenting a solution for American women, this method, according to Dr. Hunt Peters, was an active form of patriotism (during World War I). She also suggested that dieting meant having complete self-control and recommended that women organize Watch Your Weight Anti-Kaiser Classes to obtain it. Dr. Hunt Peter followed her own advice/health regimens and accredited them, along with her regular attendance at women's suffragist rallies, for her health, and self-sufficiency, until she died of Pneumonia in the June of 1930.
Bentley Schaad was born in Los Angeles, California in 1925. As an art student, he attended Jepson Art Institute, the Art Center in Pasadena, and the Claremont Colleges. A pupil, and later a colleague, of Henry Lee McFee, Schaad learned the principles of line, colour, and form. His proficiency as an artist and his technical aesthetic innovations enabled him to begin teaching art at Otis Art Institute. Bentley Schaad would spend the majority of his career as an instructor.
Born in Embreeville, Tennessee, Taylor was the son of longtime Tennessee politician Alfred A. Taylor, and was named for Alfred's brother, Robert Love Taylor, also very active in Tennessee politics. Taylor received a Ph.B. from Milligan College in 1922 and read law to enter the bar in 1923, also receiving an LL.B. from Yale Law School in 1924. He was a Semi-professional baseball player in Summers, Tennessee from 1920 to 1922. He was in private practice in Johnson City, Tennessee from 1924 to 1949.
Northland High School was established in 1965. NHS is a part of the Columbus City Schools system. It is located at 1919 Northcliff Drive, Columbus, Ohio, USA. The current principal is Duane Bland. Northland is the home of the Vikings. The school colors are Green and Gold. This school has one of the best marching and symphonic bands in both the district and state. Both musician, songwriter and actor Dwight Yoakam and former NFL football player Doug Smith graduated from Northland on June 9, 1974. Film Director/Cinematographer Samuel Bayer also graduated from Northland in 1980, as did Art Director for NBC/Universal, Lori Reffett. John Lloyd Smith graduated in 1997 and went on to work for ESPN. John Bowie graduated in 2002 and was drafted to the NFL by the Oakland Raiders in the 2007 NFL Draft. Ironically, John Bowie and John Lloyd Smith are from the same neighborhood in Columbus.
Jorge Manuel was born in the beautiful city of Miami. He grew up a product of the cultural diversity of this dynamic city, while attending private schools mostly influenced by Latin American families. He earned a degree in Advertising and Liberal Studies from Florida International University, where he took a variety of classes in Design, Architecture, Art History, and Graphics.
Upon returning to Berkeley she rented an apartment where she continued her exploration with image and materials. In the mid-1950s, she supported herself by making and selling jewelry. She met Wally Hedrick, a student at the California College of Arts and Crafts, whom she married in 1954 and divorced in 1969. Hedrick, Deborah Remington, Hayward King, David Simpson, John Allen Ryan and Jack Spicer founded the Six Gallery at 3119 Fillmore St in San Francisco, on the location of the King Ubu Gallery, which had been run by Jess and Robert Duncan. Joan Brown, Manuel Neri, and Bruce Conner would become associates of the Six Gallery. Allen Ginsberg first read his poem Howl there at the famous Six Gallery reading in 1955. In 1959, DeFeo became an original member of Bruce Conner's Rat Bastard Protective Association
Mark Arnott was born in Chicago, Illinois, USA, the son of copy editor Martha Adelade Arnott (née Wood) and psychologist George Peter Arnott. He has one brother, Michael. Mark attended Dartmouth College in New Hampshire as a member of the class of 1972, but took some time off to travel the country in the late 60's and build two Harlequin Dinner Theaters, one in Rockville, MD and one in Atlanta, before graduating with the class of 1975 Dartmouth gave him a Marcus Heiman Award which grant enabled him to study with Stella Adler in NY.
Cesare Wright completed his MFA in Cinematic Arts at the University of Southern California. In 2002, Wright received the Louis Sudler Award in Humanities at Rice University for his ethnographic documentary film ``Back to the Primitive'', which explores issues of including human suspension, body modification, S&M performance, and Satanic and Luciferian stage rituals. Wright also worked as a News Editor for Fox 26 News in Houston, TX. While filming ``Border Wars'', a documentary about paramilitary civilian activity along the U.S./Mexico border, Wright recorded one of the first documented incursions of Mexican soldiers across the U.S. border. In 2007, Wright directed ``Goals'', a film exploring issues of immigration and assimilation vicariously through sports, which premiered on The Documentary Channel and NYC TV. Material from his films has aired on numerous national and international broadcasts, including Fox, Telemundo, German Spiegel TV, and French TV 2. The industry premiere of ``Border Wars'' was held at the Karlovy Vary Intl. Film Festival. Working with the Gracie family, founders of Brazilian jiu-jitsu, Wright directed the ``Gracie Women Empowered'' series, which released in June 2011.
Mark Tout (born June 24, 1961) is an English bobsledder who competed from the mid 1980s to the mid 1990s. Born in Hitchin, Hertfordshire, he attended Cambridgeshire High School for Boys from 1972 to 1977. Competing in four Winter Olympics, he earned his best finish of fifth in the four-man event at Lillehammer in 1994.
Elizabeth Bradley is an American professor. She was the head of drama at Carnegie Mellon university, and since June 1, 2008 has worked as Chair of the Department of Drama at New York University's Tisch School of the Arts as part of a three-year appointment in that position. She earned a BFA degree in theatre from York University in Toronto and has produced several acclaimed stage shows. She has also worked as a programming consultant for the National Arts Centre in Ottawa, as general manager and CEO of the Hummingbird Centre and as director of communications and special projects at the Stratford Festival.
Byatt was born 22 March 1875 in Tottenham, Middlesex to school teacher Horace Byatt and Laura (née Archer). He attended Lincoln College, Oxford, obtaining a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1898. Following university, he began a career in the Colonial Service. In 1898 he began working in Nyasaland (what is now Malawi), and in 1905, he went to British Somaliland. He was appointed commissioner and commander-in-chief of British Somaliland in 1911, serving until 1914, when he became Colonial Secretary in Gibraltar. From 1914 to 1916 he was lieutenant-governor and Colonial Secretary of Malta.
Harris was born and grew up in Chicago. His father was originally from Cuba, and his mother from New Orleans. Like other successful Chicago musicians, such as Nat King Cole, Dinah Washington, Clifford Jordan, Johnny Griffin, Gene Ammons, Julian Priester, and Bo Diddley (among others), young Eddie Harris studied music under Walter Dyett at DuSable High School. He later studied music at Roosevelt University, by which time he was proficient on piano, vibraphone, and tenor saxophone. While in college, he performed professionally with Gene Ammons.
Dr. Peter Marshall (May 27, 1902 -- January 26, 1949) was a Scottish-American preacher, former pastor of Westminster Presbyterian Church in Atlanta, and twice served as Chaplain of the United States Senate. He is remembered most popularly from the biography A Man Called Peter, and the film made from it. Born in Coatbridge (North Lanarkshire), Scotland, Marshall heard a strong calling to the ministry at a young age. Despite having no money, he nevertheless migrated to New York in 1927 when he was 24. He graduated from Columbia Theological Seminary in 1931, when he became the pastor of First Presbyterian Church, a small, rural church in Covington, Georgia. After a brief pastorate, Marshall accepted a call to Atlanta's Westminster Presbyterian Church in 1933. It was in Atlanta that he met his future wife, Catherine Wood, a student at Agnes Scott College whom he married in 1936. Marshall became pastor of the New York Avenue Presbyterian Church in Washington, D.C. in 1937 and was appointed twice as U.S. Senate Chaplain, serving from January 4, 1947 until his sudden death just over two years later. He was 46 years old. Marshall is buried at Fort Lincoln Cemetery (Section C, Lot 344, Site 1) in Brentwood, Maryland. He was survived by his wife and one son, Peter John Marshall.
California native Diamon Simpson attended the Saint Mary's College of California and played for the Saint Mary's Gaels in the NCAA's West Coast Conference (WCC) between 2005 and when he graduated in 2009. He was a team mate of Australian and Portland Trailblazers backup Point Guard Patty Mills when playing for the Gaels from 2007-2009.
Mike Lebowitz, a graduate of Kent State University, Case Western Reserve University School of Law, is a legal expert in military law and military expression. He achieved success prior to joining the firm as an international journalist, working for the Jerusalem Post and the Cleveland News-Herald and gaining experience in media law and judicial reform whilst working in eastern Africa. A JAG officer with the Virginia Army National Guard, in 2005 and 2006 he served in Iraq as a paratrooper with the Pathfinder Company of the 101st Airborne Division. Lebowitz is a founder of the Modern Whig Party, a mainstream organization that was originally created in 2008 as an advocacy forum for military families and veterans, named by Time Magazine in March 2010 as among the ``top 10 most popular political movements worldwide.'' He regularly lectures on the subject of military law and intellectual property and has been asked to speak on issues such as military free speech and technology.
Mike Lebowitz earned his journalism degree from Kent State University in 1999 and a law degree from Case Western Reserve University School of Law in 2003. From there, he was a legal and media consultant in East Africa and a wrote a weekly newspaper column for the Jerusalem Post called ``Wednesday's Call.'' In 2005-2006, he served in Iraq with the elite Pathfinder Company of the 101st Airborne Division. After returning home from Iraq, he began publicly advocating on behalf of military families and veterans. Lebowitz continues to serve as a JAG officer in the National Guard. In addition, he lectures at top universities and serves as an attorney at the Washington, DC law firm of Greenberg & Lieberman where he practices military law, along with media law and intellectual property.
Herbert H. Uhlig (1907--1993) was an American physical chemist who studied corrosion. He received his B.S. in chemistry from Brown University in 1929 and his Ph.D. in physical chemistry in 1932 from MIT under John Kirkwood and Frederick Keyes(1885 - 1976). He worked briefly as a biochemist at the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research (now named The Rockefeller University) and then the Lever Brothers Company before returning to MIT in 1936 as a research associate in the Corrosion Laboratory. This was interrupted by World War II, during which time he joined the staff of the Research Laboratory at the General Electric Company to study metal corrosion on aircraft and other military equipment. However, he returned to MIT in 1946 as an associate professor of metallurgy and director of the Corrosion Laboratory. Uhlig became a full professor in 1953 and retired in 1972. Afterwards, he became a visiting professor for institutions around the world, including some in Massachusetts, Australia, and the Netherlands.
West attended Gainesville High School in Gainesville, Georgia and was a student and a letterman in football, basketball, and baseball. In football, he was an All-American selection. Tommy West graduated from Gainesville High School in 1972. He is married to the former Lindsay Watkins. The couple has one son, Turner, who plays wide receiver for the Tigers.
Edward Griffin Hitchcock was born January 20, 1837 in Lahaina on the island of Maui. His father was early missionary Harvey Rexford Hitchcock (1800--1855), and mother was Rebecca Howard (1808--1890). They were assigned the mission station called Kaluaaha on the eastern end of the island of Molokai. He attended Punahou School from 1847 to 1853. He married Mary Tenney Castle (1838--1926), daughter of Castle & Cooke founder Samuel Northrup Castle (1808--1894) on April 11, 1862. He managed the family sugar plantation at Pāpaikou.
Murray Turnbull is better known by the name ``The Chessmaster'' who spends his days playing chess in Harvard Square in Cambridge, Massachusetts. He attended Harvard University (Class of 1971 ) and later dropped out. In 1981, he achieved a certified level of a chess master. Since 1982, he has been playing chess fulltime, seven days a week, from May to October, in good weather. ``The Chessmaster'' is a local attraction in Harvard Square, often attracting curious bystanders watching him play. His official chess US Chess Federation rating is 2390 -- better than 99% of all rated players. ``The Chessmaster'' will play a game with anybody for a small fee, and he also earns his income by giving private chess lessons; his most famous student was Bobby Seltzer who won the 1987 National Elementary Chess Championship, the 1987 Laura Aspis Prize for being the highest rated American under the age of 13, the 1990 U.S. Cadet Championship, and was 1990 National Junior High School Co-Champion with Joshua Waitzkin.
Steve Huison (born 10 December 1963, Leeds), is a British actor, mostly on TV and occasional films. He trained at the Rose Bruford College in Sidcup. He is best known for his role as ``Lomper'' in the massively successful UK box-office and critical hit The Full Monty (1997). He also appeared in a Ken Loach film The Navigators, made in 2001. He has played character roles in such TV series as Casualty, Where the Heart Is, dinnerladies, Heartbeat and The Royle Family.
A leading member of the New Maldives faction of the governing Maldivian People's Party (DRP), Saeed was elected as the Vice President of DRP in April 2006. The same month he also co-founded with Dr. Ahmed Shaheed, a fellow graduate of the University of Queensland and Minister of Foreign Affairs and Mohamed Jameel Ahmedl.
Yossi Melman graduated from Hebrew University of Jerusalem and was a Nieman Fellow at Harvard University. He is an intelligence and military affairs correspondent for Haaretz newspaper.
In (2009), John Ortved--using interviews with Kushell, Brent Forrester and Mirkin's assistant Charleen Easton--describes Mirkin as an ``outsider'' on the show because, unlike the bulk of the writing staff, Mirkin was not a Harvard University graduate. The writing staff were, at least initially, divided with respect to Mirkin's leadership (which Forrester described as ``a little bit dictatorial'') and style of humor. This division caused the show to move away from more ``realistic'' emotional and character-based stories to ``pure comedy'' and ``surreal'' humor, epitomized by episodes like ``Deep Space Homer''. A. O. Scott notes that ``several veterans recall the 'crazy David Mirkin years' as a time of wild inventiveness.'' Mirkin conducted the show's writing sessions in one room, rather than splitting the writers into two groups, as other showrunners had done, and often worked late into the night. Some praised Mirkin's leadership and comedic style, including Appel, who felt that ``the shows were great under him.'' Others criticised him. Kushell challenged Mirkin over the episode ``A Star is Burns'', a crossover with The Critic. Most of the writers opposed producing it, but it was supported by Brooks, with whom Mirkin agreed. Kushell's opposition went unheeded, and Mirkin insulted him in front of the other writers; Kushell's contract was not renewed. In a 2004 interview with Animation Magazine, Mirkin stated that he ``really wasn't at all intimidated to join show's writing crew,'' because he ``had worked with and written with'' many of his fellow writers previously. Mirkin said, ``took this show in a direction that is more personal to me. I did that, had a great time doing that, and everyone was very receptive to that.'' He felt that he ``brought show back to a more story-oriented'' approach and increased the focus on characters and their emotions, while ``at the same time still keeping it surreal and weird''. During his tenure, Mirkin moved the show's focus toward Homer, and also developed some of the secondary characters, including Apu. He also strongly opposed censorship and network interference, telling post-production supervisor Colin A.B.V. Lewis to ignore the list of changes sent by the Fox censors. He aimed to put ``as much blood and guts'' as possible into the episode ``Treehouse of Horror V'' as an attack on the censors. Mirkin's era and style of humor are popular amongst the show's fans.
Ohio's head coach from 2001 to 2008 was Tim O'Shea. Coach O'Shea resigned on Monday June 23, 2008, in order to become the head coach of Bryant University in Rhode Island. Coach O'Shea had arrived at Ohio in 2001 after 4 seasons as an assistant coach at his alma mater, Boston College. He came to Athens on March 29, 2001 and vowed to take the Ohio men's basketball program to what he called the ``next level''. This next level was realized in 2005 as he led to Bobcats to a 21-11 record, a MAC Tournament Title, and an NCAA Tournament appearance in which 13 seed Ohio nearly upset 4 seed Florida. O'Shea's 2005-2006 team proved successful as well, posting a 19-11 record with wins over teams such as Rhode Island and Samford, and a close loss to Kentucky. The 2006-2007 team also posted 19 wins, with a final record of 19-13. A 20 win campaign was had in the 2007-2008 season, including notable non-conference wins over Maryland, St. John's, George Mason, and Bucknell. The team was extended an invite to the College Basketball Invitational, where the Bobcats advanced to the second round.
Joseph W. Esherick (Chinese name: , born 1942) is Professor of modern Chinese history at University of California, San Diego. He is the holder of the Hwei-chih and Julia Hsiu Chair in Chinese Studies. Esherick is a graduate of Harvard College (1964, summa cum laude). He received his Ph.D. from University of California, Berkeley (1971), under the supervision of Joseph R. Levenson and Frederic Wakeman.
It was also used in the title of the first volume of memoirs of Austin Clarke, ``Twice Round the Black Church'' (1962). Clarke grew up in Broadstone, living on Middle Mountjoy Street. Both Clarke and Joyce attended nearby Belvedere College.
Fuller Maitland was born at 90 Gloucester Place, Portman Square, London, the son of John Fuller Maitland and his wife Marianne (née Noble). He attended Westminster School for three terms, but for most of his childhood he was educated privately, including musical instruction. Starting in 1875, he studied at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he was active in the Cambridge University Musical Society. There he became friends with Charles Villiers Stanford and William Barclay Squire, whose sister Charlotte he married in 1885. He had intended to follow a career in the Church of England but decided to instead to pursue a career in music. After leaving Cambridge he studied the piano with Edward Dannreuther and other aspects of music with W. S Rockstro who encouraged him to explore early polyphonic music.
In 1987, Max More moved to Los Angeles from Oxford University in England, where he had helped to establish (along with Michael Price, Garret Smyth and Luigi Warren) the first European cryonics organization, known as Mizar Limited (later Alcor UK), to work on his Ph.D. in philosophy at the University of Southern California.
Eric Moe, born October 24, 1954 in Durham, NC, is an American composer and pianist. He has received awards from the American Academy of Arts and Letters the Koussevitzky Music Foundation and a Guggenheim Fellowship. He studied musical composition at Princeton University (BA) and at the University of California at Berkeley (MA, PhD). Currently, he is the Professor of Composition and Theory at the University of Pittsburgh where he co-directs the Music on the Edge new music concert series. At the University of Pennsylvania and Princeton University, he has held visiting professorships . Moe is also active as a concert pianist, having performed works by hundreds of composers, from John Cage and Anthony Davis to Stefan Wolpe.
Noble was educated at Emanuel School and University College London (UCL). In 1958 he began his investigations into the mechanisms of heartbeat. This led to two seminal papers in Nature in 1960 giving the first proper simulation of the heart. From this work it became clear that there was not a single oscillator which controlled heartbeat, but rather this was an emergent property of the feedback loops in the various channels. In 1961 he obtained his PhD working under Otto Hutter at UCL.
Robert Charles Anderson, (born 1944) Director of the Great Migration Study Project, was educated as a biochemist and served in the United States Army in electronics intelligence. In 1972 he discovered his early New England ancestry and thereafter devoted his time and energies to genealogical research. He published his first genealogical article in 1976, and about the same time began to plan for what eventually became the Great Migration Study Project. In 1983 he received a Master's degree in colonial American History from the University of Massachusetts Amherst.
Kira Hall is associate professor of Linguistics and Anthropology, as well as director for the Program in Culture, Language, and Social Practice (CLASP), at the University of Colorado at Boulder. Hall received her Ph.D. in Linguistics in 1995 from the University of California at Berkeley, and has held previous academic positions at Stanford, Yale, and Rutgers Universities. She is well-known for her contributions to research on language and identity within sociocultural linguistics, and especially the tactics of intersubjectivity framework developed with Mary Bucholtz.
He was educated at the Jagiellonian University (Kraków Academy), where he taught as professor between 1498 and 1514. He is the author of numerous works on the subjects of logic, grammar, astronomy, geography, mathematics, music, natural sciences, and ethics. Jan of Stobnica was one of Kraków's adherents of Scotism, a philosophical school brought in from Paris first by Michał Twaróg of Bystrzyków (ca. 1450 - 1520). Jan of Stobnica became Michał's most prominent student. Jan's most famous work, entitled ``Introductio in Ptholomei Cosmographiam'' (Introduction to the Cosmography of Ptolemy) featured some of the first maps printed in Poland. Likewise, his edition of Ptolemy first contained a map of North and South America showing the connection of the two continents by an isthmus. It is one of the oldest known references to North America with the Gulf of Mexico delimited by the peninsula of Florida, peculiarly labeled ``Isa-bella'' (see engraving), which corresponds to the name of Cuba in primitive times, which in fact he left it blank. ``Cosmographiam'' by Jan of Stobnica, from 1512, are among some of the most precious Polonica of the New York Public Library holdings.
Earl Larkin Williams was born August 22, 1903. He received his A.B. in 1924 and his A.M. a year later, both from Swarthmore College. He also studied at the University of Pennsylvania, Ohio State University, and the University of Michigan.
Born in Berlin, the son of Russian bass Alexander Kipnis, Igor Kipnis moved to the United States with his family in 1938. He learned the piano with his maternal grandfather, Heniot Levy; attended the Westport School of Music, and received his B.A. from Harvard University. He studied harpsichord with Fernando Valenti, and made his concert debut in New York in 1959. He was an honorary member of Phi Beta Kappa (Harvard, 1977), and in 1993 he was awarded an honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters by Illinois Wesleyan University.
John H. Hamline was born in Rotterdam, New York in 1856. He was educated at Northwestern University, graduating in 1875. He then attended Columbia Law School and graduated in 1877.
The Rule of Four is a novel written by American authors Ian Caldwell and Dustin Thomason, and published in 2004. Caldwell, a Princeton University graduate, and Thomason, a Harvard College graduate, are childhood friends who wrote the book after their respective graduations.
In May 2009, Ronstadt received an honorary doctorate of music degree from the Berklee College of Music for her achievements and influence in music, and her contributions to American and international culture. Mix magazine stated that ``Linda Ronstadt (has) left her mark on more than the record business; her devotion to the craft of singing influenced many audio professionals.... (and is) intensely knowledgeable about the mechanics of singing and the cultural contexts of every genre she passes''.
In late 1851, Reverend Bellew was appointed as an assistant chaplain to St John's Cathedral in Calcutta, India. The Bellews arrived in India on 17 November 1851 aboard the passenger ship Hotspur and moved into a large home on Harrington Street in Calcutta. However the Bellews did not have a happy marital life in India, the two separating in November 1853 after John Bellew discovered licentious correspondence between Eva and 23-year-old Ashley Eden, a civil servant with the East India Company. John Bellew sued for divorce from Eva on 6 March 1855 on grounds of adultery. Eva counter-sued, claiming ill-treatment. John Bellew named Eden as his wife's lover and was granted a divorce on unequivocal grounds. Ashley Eden married Eva Bellew on 13 August 1861, and she lived in India until her death on 10 January 1877. John Bellew received custody of the children and left India in 1855. Kyrle Bellew described this tumultuous time in his life in his posthumous work Short Stories. While erroneously stating that the Bellew family left India during the 1857 Indian Mutiny, he relates that the return voyage to England solidified what would become a life-long love of the sea for Bellew. On their return to England, the family first settled in St. Johns Wood where Rev. Bellew was assistant minister of St. Phillips on Regent St. The family moved to Hamilton Terrace, Marylebone in 1857 after John Bellew was placed in charge of St. Marks. John Bellew married Emily Louisa Wilkinson (née East) in Dublin, Ireland on 23 September 1861 and the Bellews resided at Bedford Chapel in Bloomsbury from 1862 to 1868. Kyrle Bellew was educated at the Lancaster Royal Grammar School and received lessons from private tutors, notably learning Latin along with Leslie Ward. However his home life was not happy because Kyrle Bellew did not get along with his new stepmother or stepsister, Maud Wilkinson. In the early 1860s he attempted to run away from home to the East India docks to start a life at sea, but he was ultimately returned home to his worried father. While John Bellew thought he should enter the ministry, the elder Bellew agreed to allow Kyrle Bellew to have a naval career.
Albert Gottschalk was born in Stege on the island of Møn. but later moved to Copenhagen. He was educated at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts from 1882 to 1883 and under Peder Severin Krøyer at the Artists Studio Schools from hos from 1883 to 1888. He also studied privately with Karl Jensen and Karl Madsen.
Will Klatt is a labor and community organizer based out of Columbus, Ohio. He was involved in the reformation of Students For a Democratic Society. At Ohio University Klatt was a leader in the fight for budget accountability and was one of the primary organizers for the Vote of No Confidence in the Ohio University President. 78% of the 4700 students who voted in the 2008 student senate election voted no confidence in the Ohio University Administration. As a result of student, faculty, and labor unrest, Ohio University President was forced to step back from the day to day operations of the university, and was to focus primarily on fund-raising for Ohio University.
William R. Morrison received an Honorary Degree (Doctor of Literature) from Brandon University in 2007.
The Korean War was an escalation of a civil war between two rival Korean regimes, each of which was supported by external powers, with each of the regimes trying to topple the other through political and guerrilla tactics. The conflict was expanded by the United States and the Soviet Union's involvement as part of the larger Cold War. The main hostilities were during the period from June 25, 1950 until the armistice (ceasefire agreement) was signed on July 27, 1953. In August 1950, the , under the command of Admiral Horacio Rivero, Jr., steamed to Korea to participate in the September Inchon amphibious assault. Rivero's ship assisted in the transport of U.S. and foreign troops and equipment to and from the Korean combat zone. In July 1953, the ship participated in Operation Big Switch, moving Communist North Korean prisoners from Koje Do to Inchon pursuant to the armistice agreement. Rivero studied at the National War College and in 1954 he became Assistant Chief of Staff for Naval Operations. In 1955, he was promoted to the rank of Rear Admiral and was a member of the Staff of the Commander in Chief, Western Atlantic Area.
Lee Allen was born in Muscatine, Iowa, then moved to Des Moines, where he graduated from East High School in 1928. He studied briefly with Iowa artist Charles Atherton Cumming at the Cumming School of Art, housed then on the upper floor of the Des Moines Public Library. In 1880, Cumming had launched the art department at Cornell College (Mount Vernon, Iowa) and, in 1909, had become the founding head of the art department at the University of Iowa (Iowa City), a position he continued to hold while also teaching in Des Moines. Encouraged by Cumming most likely, Allen enrolled in the School of Art at the University of Iowa in 1929. In 1932 and 1933 Allen was a student at the Stone City Art Colony and studied under Grant Wood.
Haarstad was born in Nittedal as the son of police sergeant Jørgen Haarstad and Agnes Azora Bordoe. One of his hobbies was sports shooting. He competed at the national competition several times, winning his junior class three years in a row. In his first senior year he placed fourth. He was also present at the 1937 ISSF World Shooting Championships in Helsinki, where he participated in a shooting competition between the Scandinavian capitals. Among his school friends from Secondary School was Tore Gjelsvik, who took private shooting lessons from him early in 1940. After finishing his secondary education at the Oslo Cathedral School in 1936, he studied law at the University of Oslo, and graduated as cand.jur. in 1941. His first job was as a junior solicitor in Halden. From 1942 he worked at the police in Oslo. He married Inger Tøger-Lie in 1942.
1921 Polygraph Not to be confused with an earlier and different invention with the same name, a polygraph, popularly referred to as a lie detector, is an instrument that measures and records several physiological indices such as blood pressure, pulse, respiration, and skin conductivity while the subject is asked and answers a series of questions, in the belief that deceptive answers will produce physiological responses that can be differentiated from those associated with non-deceptive answers. The polygraph was invented in 1921 by John Augustus Larson, a medical student at the University of California at Berkeley and a police officer of the Berkeley Police Department in Berkeley, California. According to Encyclopædia Britannica, the polygraph was on its 2003 list of the 325 greatest inventions.
The polygraph was invented in 1921 by John Augustus Larson, a medical student at the University of California at Berkeley and a police officer of the Berkeley Police Department in Berkeley, California. According to Encyclopædia Britannica, the polygraph was on its 2003 list of greatest inventions, described by the company as inventions that ``have had profound effects on human life for better or worse.''
The Pinacoteca di Brera (``Brera Art Gallery'') is an art collection in Milan, Italy. It contains one of the foremost collections of Italian paintings, an outgrowth of the cultural program of the Brera Academy, which shares the site in the Palazzo Brera. The Palazzo Brera owes its name to the Germanic braida, indicating a grassy opening in the city structure: compare the Bra of Verona. The convent on the site passed to the Jesuits (1572), then underwent a radical rebuilding by Francesco Maria Richini (1627--28). When the Jesuits were disbanded in 1773, the palazzo remained the seat of the astronomical Observatory and the library founded by the Jesuits. In 1774 were added the herbarium of the new botanical garden. The buildings were extended to designs by Giuseppe Piermarini, who was appointed professor in the Academy when it was formally founded in 1776, with Giuseppe Parini as dean. Piermarini taught at the Academy for 20 years, while he was controller of the city's urbanistic projects, like the public gardens (1787--1788) and piazza Fontana, (1780--1782).
Johan Andreas Holvik was born in Miner County, near Howard, South Dakota to immigrants Peder Holvik and Eli Jonsdatter from Nordfjord, Norway. Holvik attended Madison State Normal School in Madison, South Dakota. He graduated from St. Olaf College in Northfield, Minnesota (BA. 1907). He subsequently studied at the University of Oslo and at Luther Theological Seminary in St. Paul, Minnesota. Holvik graduated from St. Olaf College (MA. 1913).
Gerry Livingston was born in Smith Falls, Ontario in 1914. He was a graduate of Assumption College in Windsor, Ontario and was an accomplished athlete throughout his youth and years at college. After graduating, he played on championship teams in the Detroit Baseball federation and was also courted by the Detroit Tigers.
John Crowley was born in Presque Isle, Maine, in 1942; his father was then an officer in the US Army Air Corps. He grew up in Vermont, northeastern Kentucky and (for the longest stretch) Indiana, where he went to high school and college. He moved to New York City after college to make movies, and did find work in documentary films, an occupation he still pursues. He published his first novel (The Deep) in 1975, and his 17th volume of fiction (Four Freedoms) in 2009. Since 1993 he has taught creative writing at Yale University. In 1992 he received the Award in Literature from the American Academy and Institute of Arts and Letters.
Vilhelm Aubert was born in Kristiania in 1922. He was the older brother of mathematician Karl Egil Aubert, born 1924. Vilhelm Aubert enrolled at the University of Oslo in 1940, the same year as Norway was invaded by Germany as a part of the Second World War. Aubert became a member of the illegal intelligence organization XU.
John Muir spent the years 1890-1892 studying Arts and Medicine at the University of St Andrews. He enrolled at the University of Edinburgh in 1892, obtaining a M.B. and C.M. in 1896, and an M.D. in 1902. In 1896 he came to South Africa and practised at Worcester, Strydenburg, Sterkstroom and Albertinia before settling in Riversdale. He collected plants extensively in the area as well as seeds found along the coastline. He retired in 1923 to devote himself to these interests as well as the study of shells. He donated his collection of driftseeds to Stellenbosch University in 1929 for which he was awarded an honorary D.Sc. As the recipient of a Carnegie Travelling Grant, he went abroad to study other collections of ocean-borne fruits and seeds. He presented his herbarium to the National Herbarium, Pretoria. At this time he developed an interest in folklore and historical objects and published a number of papers on the subject, besides contributing vernacular names of birds, plants and shells to the Woordeboek van die Afrikaanse Taal. He donated his collection of shells to the South African Museum, some particularly minute species exciting a large amount of interest. Besides his botanical writings, he contributed a number of articles to popular scientific and socio-historical publications, a fair portion of these written in Afrikaans. He is commemorated in the genus Muiria N.E.Br. and in many species such as Leucospermum muirii Phillips, Erica muirii L.Bol., Leucadendron muirii Phillips and Conophytum muirii N.E.Br.. His wife, born Susanna Steyn, is also remembered in Protea susannae Phillips and Thesium susannae A.W.Hill, while Muiria hortenseae N.E.Br. is named for his daughter. Vol. 17 of Flowering Plants of South Africa is dedicated to him.
Gray was born Donald Marshall Gray in Bournemouth, Dorset, the son of Maude Elizabeth (née Marshall) and Donald Gray, who was a surveyor. Gray attended Bournemouth School alongside Benny Hill, whose school had been evacuated to the same buildings, during the Second World War. Some of his friends remember that his bedroom walls were plastered with pictures of film stars.
Born at Bickham House, near Exeter, Devon, England, the third son of Charles Short, a London barrister, offspring of an old English county family, and his wife Grace, daughter of Humphrey Millett. Short was educated at Westminster School and Christ Church College, Oxford, where he received first-class honours in classics and graduated with a Master of Arts in 1826 and D. D. 1847.
The eldest son of The O'Conor Don. O'Conor was educated at Downside School in England and became a Liberal MP for Roscommon from March 1860 until defeated in 1880. He was an unsuccessful candidate for Wexford (borough) in 1883.
Kenneth Pomeranz (born 1958) is the UCI Chancellor's Professor of History at the University of California, Irvine in the US. He received his B.A. from Cornell University in 1980 and his Ph.D. from Yale University in 1988, where he was a student of Jonathan Spence.
The son of the Reverend John Pyle (died 1709), Rector of Stody, he was educated at Gresham's School, Holt, and at Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge, where he was admitted sizar on 17 May 1692, at the age of seventeen. He was elected a scholar of the College later the same year. He graduated BA in 1696 and MA in 1699.
In 1996 the circus' Art in Education program began to work in different grade schools. Clown Care continued to develop, opening chapters in Washington, D.C. and in Connecticut. 1997 saw new attendance records set, as an estimated 170,000 people went to see the circus' ``Medicine Show'' production over a total of 114 New York City performances. Clown Care completed 150,000 hospital visits in one year for the first time in the program's history, and Paul Binder received an honorary doctorate from Rhode Island College.
Lawrence Dial (born in Rochester, New York) is a playwright living in New York. The son of Barbara and David Dial, he was raised in Newburgh, Indiana, in the Evansville area with his brother, lawyer Beau Dial, and, twin sisters, college students Mary and Charlotte. He graduated from the University of Evansville, where he met long-time collaborator and actress Kelli Giddish (All My Children, The Burg).
John McNamara is an American writer and television producer. He attended East Grand Rapids High School located in Michigan and attended the University of Michigan. He is co-creator of a short-lived television series called Profit which ran on the Fox network in April 1996, as well as Vengeance Unlimited for ABC in 1998.
Gregory Norman Short (August 14, 1938-April 1, 1999) was an American composer and pianist. Gregory Short was one of the first pianists to offer entire programs of American and Northwest music to audiences in Seattle, WA and through his The American Composer series on Public Broadcasting Service. He attended the Juilliard School of Music, the University of Washington, and the University of Oregon where he earned the Doctor of Musical Arts in Composition and Theory. Short's compositions have been performed in Canada, Germany, and the United States.
Khaled Mattawa was born in Benghazi, the second largest city in Libya where he spent his childhood and early teens. In 1979 he emigrated to the United States. He lived in the South for many years, finishing high school in Louisiana and completing bachelors degrees in political science and economics at the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga. He went on to earn an MA in English and an MFA in creative writing from Indiana University where he taught creative writing. He is a professor of English and Creative Writing at California State University, Northridge.
Todd Hickman is an American football coach and former player. He is currently the head football coach at the University of Minnesota Morris, a position he has held since the 2007 season. Prior to coming to UMM, Hickman was the head football coach at Hibbing Community College in Hibbing, Minnesota. While there he also had coaching duties in basketball and baseball. Hickman is in his 18th year at UMM; while there he has been the offensive coordinator, defensive coordinator and coached nearly all positions, at times several at once. He has also assisted Mark Fohl with the baseball team until accepting the head coaching position.
Del Tufo was born in 1933 in Newark, New Jersey to Raymond and Mary Del Tufo. His older brother, Raymond Del Tufo, Jr., would later serve as U.S. Attorney for the District of New Jersey. He graduated from the Newark Academy and received a B.A. degree in 1955 from Princeton University. He received his LLB degree from Yale Law School in 1958. From 1958 to 1960, he served as legal secretary to Chief Justice Joseph Weintraub of the New Jersey Supreme Court. He was admitted to the New Jersey Bar in 1959 and practiced law in Morristown, New Jersey from 1960 to 1974, and in Newark, New Jersey from 1980 to 1986.
C. J. Watson majored in psychology at Tennessee and continues to pursue his degree. He has one brother, Kashif Watson who played college basketball at the University of Idaho, and one sister, Vonyetta Brooks. He is also actively involved in the Hoops For Hope program. - align=``left'' 2007--08 align=``left'' Golden State 32 0 11.5 .426 .346 .793 1.0 1.1 .5 .0 3.7 - align=``left'' 2008--09 align=``left'' Golden State 77 18 24.5 .457 .400 .870 2.5 2.7 1.2 .1 9.5 - align=``left'' 2009--10 align=``left'' Golden State 65 15 27.5 .468 .310 .771 2.6 2.8 1.6 .1 10.3 - align=``left'' 2010-11 align=``left'' Chicago 82 1 13.3 .371 .393 .740 1.1 2.3 .7 .1 4.9 - align=``left'' Career align=``left'' 256 34 20.0 .437 .362 .807 1.9 2.4 1.0 .1 7.5 - align=``left'' 2011 align=``left'' Chicago 16 0 8.5 .339 .200 .909 .9 1.9 .5 .0 3.2 - align=``left'' Career align=``left'' 16 0 8.5 .339 .200 .909 .9 1.9 .5 .0 3.2
Elliott was born in Willington, County Durham, as the eldest son to retailer Archibald William Elliott and his wife, Anne, daughter of Thomas Renton, of Otley, Yorkshire. He studied natural sciences at Trinity College, Cambridge, specialising in physiology.
As interne des hôpitaux in Paris, Roussy worked under neurologists Pierre Marie and Joseph Jules Dejerine, and in 1907 earned his doctorate from the University of Paris. In 1925 he was appointed professor of pathological anatomy at the Faculté de Médecine, and in 1930 became director of the Institut du Cancer. In 1933 he was dean of the faculty of medicine at the University of Paris.
Donaldson Oladipo Diya was born on 3 April 1944 at Odogbolu, Ogun State, then Western Region, Nigeria. He was educated at the Methodist Primary School, Lagos, the Odogbolu Grammar School, and then at the Nigerian Defence Academy, Kaduna. He later attended the US Army School of Infantry, the Command and Staff College, Jaji (1980--1981) and the National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies, Kuru. While serving in the military, Diya studied Law at Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria, where he obtained an LLB degree, and then at the Nigerian Law School, where he was called to bar as Solicitor and Advocate of the Supreme Court of Nigeria.
Willingham served as President on the American Football Coaches Association (AFCA) Board of Trustees in 2008. On July 18, 2010, at the age of 56, Tyrone Willingham announced he was retired from coaching. Willingham is married and has three children, Cassidy, Kelsey and Nathaniel, with his wife, Kim. Cassidy was a gymnast at the University of Denver from 2003 to 2006. Kelsey was a softball player at the University of California at Santa Barbara.
Dave Samuels (b.9 October 1948) is an American vibraphone player who has worked with various jazz and fusion artists, such as Spyro Gyra. Currently, he plays in an ensemble called The Caribbean Jazz Project, a Grammy-winning jazz-Latin music group. He is also an alumnus of New Trier High School. He also played with Eddie Palmieri with a tribute to Cal Tjader with the album called 'Tjaderized'.
Quazi Johirul Islam was born on 10 February 1968 in Khagatua, a village in the upazila of Nabinagar under the Brahmanbaria district of Bangladesh. His father is Quazi Mongal Miah and his mother is Sofia Begum. He grew up during the Bangladesh Liberation War, and his literary works reflect the growing of the new nation and a newly born middle class society in Dhaka city. His first work of fiction, 71 And, was written based his memories of the Bangladesh Liberation War. He lost his only paternal uncle Mr. Suruj Quazi in 1971. He studied in many different schools, including Govt Titumir College. He received a Master's Degree in Management from the University of Dhaka in 1992 after a break of study of two years. His father was an unsuccessful businessman; as a result, Islam was supposed to take over the financial responsibility of the family.
Carr was born in Fresno, California, the youngest of three children, to Rodger and Sheryl Carr. He and his family relocated to Sugar Land, Texas in 2002 when his oldest brother, David Carr, became the first overall draft pick of the then-expansion Houston Texans.Carr and his family moved back to Bakersfield, California for his senior year and he attended Bakersfield Christian High School.
John B. Sanborn was born on a farm in Epsom, New Hampshire, on December 5, 1826. He was the youngest of five children of Deacon F. and Lucy L. (Sargent) Sanborn. He was educated at the Thetford Academy and the Pembroke Academy. He briefly attended Dartmouth College in 1851-52, but left after only one quarter to join the law office of Asa Fowler in Concord. He passed his bar exam in 1854 and subsequently moved to St. Paul, Minnesota, in December of that year. In partnership with two other men, he established a law firm in January 1855.
Peter Gutmann (born August 3, 1949 in New York City) is a professional journalist and attorney. He graduated from Wesleyan University, cum laude, with a B.A. in 1971, and attended the University of North Carolina, where he earned a M.A. in Communications in 1974. He earned a J.D. from George Washington University in 1978.
Alex Mizenko was born in Rahway, New Jersey in 1991, but has lived in the small town of Beachwood, New Jersey for his entire life. He attended Beachwood Elementary School, then Toms River Intermediate School West (later changed to North), and graduated from West in 2005. In 2009, he graduated from Toms River High School South, where he participated in a research program studying Climate Change.
Upon matriculation, Epstein spent about a year singing and recording as a professional Rock musician. It was during this time that he became interested in the philosophy of Humanism. Deciding to return to school, he entered the International Institute for Secular Humanistic Judaism, studying at the Institute's Jerusalem and Farmington Hills, Michigan campuses. In 2005 he was ordained through this organization as a Humanist Rabbi, whereupon he entered the Harvard Divinity School in Cambridge, Massachusetts. In 2007, Greg Epstein received his Master of Theological Studies from the Harvard Divinity School, and accepted the position as the Humanist Chaplain at Harvard University.
Frank Hinder was born in Sydney, New South Wales, in 1906. He attended his father's alma mater, Newington College (1916--1918) , and on moving to the North Shore completed his education at Sydney Church of England Grammar School. As an art student he was tutored by Antonio Dattilo Rubbo at the Royal Art Society of New South Wales and at the East Sydney Technical College. Rubbo had also been his art master at Newington. While travelling he pursued his training at the Art Institute of Chicago, New York School of Fine and Applied Art and at the Taos summer school.
Clark was born in Ottawa, Ontario. Born the same year Joe Clark first became leader of the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada, Catherine Clark attended Elmwood School in Rockcliffe Park, Ottawa as well as Neuchâtel Junior College in Neuchâtel, Switzerland prior to pursuing studies in Art History at the University of Toronto. Later she worked in public relations for Hill & Knowlton and the SMARTRISK Foundation.
Beginning on the evening of Friday, July 2, Smith shot and wounded nine Orthodox Jews in drive-by shootings in the West Rogers Park neighborhood of Chicago. Smith then shot and killed former Northwestern University basketball coach Ricky Byrdsong, an African-American, in front of two of his three children while they were walking outside Byrdsong's Skokie, Illinois home. On Saturday, Smith traveled to Urbana, Springfield and later Decatur, where he shot and wounded an African-American minister. On Sunday, July 4, Smith traveled to Bloomington, Indiana, where he killed Won-Joon Yoon, a 26-year-old Korean doctoral student in computer science at Indiana University, who was on his way to the Korean United Methodist Church.
While in New York, Leo Frade decided to join the Episcopal Church and after moving to Miami in 1969, he was confirmed and started to prepare for seminary. He studied theology at the University of the South and received an M.Div. in 1977. He also received a B.A. from Biscayne College, now St. Thomas University, in 1978.
Zema Abbey (born 17 April 1977) is an English professional footballer, who plays as a striker and is also currently player/manager at Arlesey Town. He has a degree in Sports Science and Leisure Management from the University of Bedfordshire. His younger brother, Nathan, is also a professional footballer. He also owns a Luton based company that sell footwear.
In 1931, Semyon Kosberg graduated from the Moscow Aviation Institute. He then worked in some of the biggest planning organizations of the Soviet aircraft industry. In 1941, Kosberg was appointed chief designer of an aircraft design bureau, later known as OKB-154, which he ran until his death. He is known for his contributions to the creation of aircraft engines, mounted on the Lavochkin La-5, Lavochkin La-7, and other mass wartime aircraft. In 1946-1965, Kosberg supervised the development of a series of liquid fuel rocket engines, which would be mounted on the final stages of carrier rockets and put into orbit piloted spacecraft, satellites, and interplanetary automatic space stations.
Li Hai (, born May 2, 1954) is a Chinese dissident. He was a philosophy student at Peking University at the time of the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989. In May 1990 he was first arrested for his role in the Tiananmen protests, and later expelled from Peking University. In 1995 Li was one of 56 signatories to a pro-democracy statement, which led to another detainment. Li was charged for ``prying into state secrets''--he collected data on ``names, age, family situation, crime, length of sentence, location of imprisonment, treatment while imprisoned'' of fellow dissidents--, and sentenced to nine years in prison in December 1996.
Changsha was the first major city that did not fall to the Japanese advances. The commander of the city's defense, the colorful General Xue Yue, who was a graduate of Whampoa Military Academy and loyal to Chiang Kai-shek, soon gained prestige from his victories at Changsha. Retaining the city allowed the Chinese to prevent the Japanese from consolidating their territories in the South of China.
Charlotte Gilbertson enlisted in the Armed Forces during WWII as a psychiatric social worker, stationed on Long Island, New York and in Georgia. After the war, she had access to the G.I. Bill of Rights, as did many of the war veterans of her generation. Charlotte used it to promote her education. She graduated from Boston University's School of Fine Arts in 1948 and then moved to New York to be among notable artists. New York City was brimming over with abstract expressionist painters at the time, but she was more interested in ``constructive design'' not found in America. Charlotte wanted to develop a stronger sense of ``design'' in her work, to engage ``the new'' and ``the modern''.
Born in Columbus, Ohio, he graduated as Valedictorian from Saint Wendelin High School, Fostoria, Ohio in 1985. He earned a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from University of Dayton in 1989. He then went on to earn a master's degree in business administration from the Harvard Business School in 1994 as a GM Fellow, while he was working for General Motors. Hinrichs was GM's youngest plant manager at the age of 29 when he was leading the GM Powertrain Plant in Fredericksburg, Virginia in 1996. The turnaround of that plant is the subject of a Harvard Business School case study.
The first university in Spain, the studium generale of Palencia was founded by Alfonso VIII in 1208; however, the school did not long survive him. It has been suggested that the 13th-century poet Gonzalo de Berceo studied at the University during its brief existence. The teachers from Palencia were drawn to the thriving University of Salamanca.
Graham was born at Netherby, Cumberland, on 24 September 1648, the eldest son of Sir George Graham, 2nd Baronet (d. 1658), of Netherby, son and heir of Sir Richard Graham, 1st Baronet (d. 1654). His mother was Lady Mary Johnstone, second daughter of James Johnstone, 1st Earl of Hartfell. He was educated at Westminster School under Dr Busby, although not on the foundation. He proceeded to Christ Church, Oxford, about 1664. On 4 February 1666 he graduated Master of Arts.
Franklyn Bliss Snyder (July 26, 1884 -- May 11, 1958) was the 18th President of Northwestern University (1939--1949) and an American scholar of Scottish literature. Snyder was the son of a Congregational minister, Peter Miles Snyder, from Connecticut and grew up in Rockford, Illinois. He received his undergraduate degree from Beloit College and a Ph.D. in English from Harvard University in 1909. Snyder's dissertation was on Robert Burns and was published as The Life of Robert Burns in 1932. Snyder joined the Northwestern faculty in 1909, became dean of the Graduate School in 1934, and was elected president of the University in 1939, succeeding Walter Dill Scott. Snyder is remembered as being an ardent conservative and uncompromising administrator.
Arthur Curley was born January 22, 1938, in Boston to Irish parents. His mother is credited with having high expectations for him and for correctly presuming that he would attend the prestigious Boston Latin secondary school. Later, he studied political science at Harvard University, graduating in 1959 before earning his M.L.S. at Simmons College in 1962.
Ahmad Haseeb is a young director and producer who won the Best Documentary award for his 44-minute documentary ``A Music Fairy: A Tribute to Nazia Hassan'' on pop icon Nazia Hassan in 2007. The film was screened at the Kara Film Festival. Haseeb also directed rock group Junoon's music video Rooh Ki Pyas (non-commercial) as a college project. In 2006 Haseeb received his masters in Multimedia Arts from National College of Arts Lahore. Haseeb works as a producer for Waqt TV. Ahmad Haseeb also composed and produced a cricket World Cup song ``Aya Hai World cup'' with Cllr Sitarah Anjum and Rehan Naseer released on 24 February 2011
Dae Gak graduated from Kent State in 1973 with his Ph.D. in clinical psychology, later that year teaching psychology at Eastern Kentucky University in Richmond, Kentucky. He stopped teaching in 1979http://www.library.eku.edu/new/content/archives/findingaids/powellj2.htm, afterward practicing as a licensed psychologist.http://www.furnacemountain.org/bio.html
Shehzad Afzal is a graduate of Robert Gordon University, Aberdeen in Computing, holds a Postgraduate Diploma in Management, and is also a graduate of Screen Academy Scotland part of Edinburgh Napier University, Edinburgh, gaining a Master of Arts in Screen Project Development with Distinction . Shehzad also won the University Class Medal for his academic studies in 2009. Afzal won the Abbey Santander award for Outstanding Achievement in Film and Creative Media in 2009.
Chris Anthony (born January 10, 1979 in Bettendorf, Iowa) is a medical student at the University of Iowa, programmer, and designer/innovator at canthony86 D http://www.canthony86.com. Chris also played six years in Arena Football League wide receiver/linebacker for the New York Dragons. He attended Iowa State University.
Henslow was educated at St. John's College, Cambridge where he graduated as 16th wrangler in 1818, the year in which Adam Sedgwick became Woodwardian Professor of Geology.
Grigsby attended Judson High School in Converse, Texas and was a student and a letterman in football and basketball. In football, as a senior, he started as a linebacker and was a first team All-State selection. In basketball, he was an All-District Honorable Mention selection and an All-City selection. Otis Grigsby graduated from Judson High School in the top 10 percent of his class.
Greenbrier has some famous alumni, including: Tom Zbikowski is a professional football player for the Baltimore Ravens. He attended Thomas Middle School, Buffalo Grove High School and the University of Notre Dame.
Ford was originally classically trained; he studied French horn at the Royal Academy of Music. While in his senior year there, he formed his own orchestra, which debuted at the Royal Albert Hall a few months after he graduated. He then found work as an arranger and conductor for releases by Caravan, Bryan Ferry, Ginger Baker, Johnny Nash, Three Man Army, and Elton John, as well as for the soundtrack for the film Tommy. He also played horn for the Spencer Davis Group early in the decade. He also recorded on his own as the Martyn Ford Orchestra; his 1976 album Smoovin featured Mike Moran, Ann Odell, Simon Phillips, Morris Pert, John Gustafson, and Mel Collins. It also spawned a hit single in the UK, ``Let Your Body Go Downtown'', which peaked at #38 on the UK Singles Chart in 1977. The song was written by Lynsey de Paul and Moran, who also wrote the follow-up single ``Going to a Disco'' which failed to reach the UK chart in the summer of 1977.
Miotke studied at Northwestern University, earning a bachelor's degree in music theory and composition, and a master's degree in applied piano. While an undergraduate in 1967, and performing under the name Dave Michaels, he joined folk singer George Edwards in forming the band H. P. Lovecraft. They released two albums, H. P. Lovecraft and H. P. Lovecraft II, which were both characterised by Edwards and Michaels' striking vocal harmonies and by Michaels' multi-instrumental skills. Michaels departed from the band in September 1968 to return to his studies.
Johnny Bovang born Kristiansand, Norway, is a South African ballet dancer. He trained at the Royal Ballet School, London and joined the PACT Ballet Company, which was based in Pretoria, in 1983. He moved to the Cape Town City Ballet in 1997. He danced at the inauguration of former South African president Nelson Mandela. He has performed as a guest artist in Tokyo, Glasgow and New Zealand. He is known for his partnerships of Janet Lindup, Leanne Voysey and Marianne Bauer. During his long and illustrious career, he has received many prestigious awards, including the DALRO, FNB Vita and the Nederburg awards. He received the Balletomane Award for best male dancer in 2004.
James A. Murphy III was born in Saratoga Springs on October 13, 1961 to Constance King Murphy, who earned her bachelor's degree from The College of St. Rose and attended Albany Law School and is an educated but non-practicing attorney, and James A. Murphy, Jr. of Brooklyn, NY, who earned his bachelor's degree from Williams College in Massachusetts and his juris doctor from Albany Law School an attorney practicing at the time in Saratoga Springs for the firm of King and Duval and later serving as mayor of Saratoga Springs. He later was a principle of the firm of King, Murphy, Adang, and Arpei, a general practice firm in Saratoga Springs, NY. Murphy is the grandson of the late former Congressman Carleton J. King, who served as a member of the United States Congress from 1961--1974, after which President Gerald Ford appointed him Chairman of the Board of Visitors of West Point Military Academy.
Churchill was born in London, the son of Charles Churchill of Weybridge Park, Surrey. He was educated at Eton and Trinity College, Cambridge. He rowed in the Cambridge Boat in the Boat Race in 1883, 1884 and 1885. In 1886, he won Silver Goblets at Henley Royal Regatta with Stanley Muttlebury.
William Ward Armstrong is a Canadian mathematician and computer scientist. He earned his Ph.D. from the University of British Columbia in 1966 and is most known as the originator Armstrong's axioms of dependency in a Relational database.
Martha Brill Olcott (born 1949) is a leading U.S. expert on Central Asia and the Caspian. She is a senior associate with the Russian and Eurasian Program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, co-directing the Carnegie Moscow Center's Project on Ethnicity and Politics in the former Soviet Union. She taught political science at Colgate University from 1975 until 1998. She joined the Carnegie Foundation in 1995. She previously served as a special consultant to Acting United States Secretary of State Lawrence Eagleburger and as director of the Central Asian American Enterprise Fund.
Robert Barber was born in Charleston, South Carolina on July 29, 1949. Having spent his earliest years on Folly Beach and nearby Bowen's Island, Barber moved to Columbia with his parents at the age of 10. After graduating from Columbia High School in 1967, he attended Wofford College and graduated in 1971. Barber later received a Masters of Divinity from Duke University in 1976. He then returned to his native state and served as a minister in two Laurens County churches before entering law school. Receiving his law degree in 1982 from the South Texas College of Law, Barber engaged in a general practice of law in Charleston before being elected to the Charleston County School Board in 1984.
Keck is the author of the 2004 non-fiction book Einstein A to Z with co-author Karen C. Fox. She graduated from Lehigh University in 1992 and lives in Maryland.
Saul Dibb (b. 1968) is the British director of Bullet Boy, for which he was nominated for the Douglas Hickox Award, The Line of Beauty, and The Duchess. He is a graduate of the University of East Anglia.
Michael Harner (born 1929) is the founder of the Foundation for Shamanic Studies and the formulator of ``core shamanism.'' Harner is known for bringing shamanism and shamanic healing to the contemporary Western world. Walsh and Grob note in their book, Higher Wisdom, ``Michael Harner is widely acknowledged as the world's foremost authority on shamanism and has had an enormous influence on both the academic and lay worlds.... What Yogananda did for Hinduism and D. T. Suzuki did for Zen, Michael Harner has done for shamanism, namely bring the tradition and its richness to Western awareness.'' Harner received a Ph.D. in anthropology from the University of California at Berkeley in 1963. He taught there and at Columbia University, Yale University, and the Graduate Faculty of the New School for Social Research, where he chaired the anthropology department. He also co-chaired the Anthropology Section of the New York Academy of Sciences. In 1987 Harner left academic anthropology to devote himself full-time to the preservation, study, and teaching of shamanism as president of the non-profit Foundation for Shamanic Studies. In 2003 he received an honorary doctorate for his work from the California Institute of Integral Studies. In 2009 two sessions on shamanism were given in his honor at the annual meeting of the American Anthropological Association. He received the 2009 Pioneer in Integrative Medicine Award, Institute of Health and Healing.
Joseph Franklin Niekro (November 7, 1944 -- October 27, 2006) was an American Major League Baseball right-handed pitcher. He was the younger brother of pitcher Phil Niekro, and the father of Minor League Baseball pitcher Lance Niekro. A native of Blaine, Ohio, Niekro attended Bridgeport High School in Bridgeport, Ohio and attended West Liberty University in West Liberty, West Virginia. During a 22-year baseball career, he pitched from 1967-1988 for seven different teams, pitching primarily for the Houston Astros.
Raby was born in Huntsville and grew up in Harvest; where he still has a home on his family farm. He attended Sparkman High School in Madison County. While in high school, he served as a United States Senate Page for Senator John Sparkman where he began his career in public service. He graduated from Auburn University with a BS in Agricultural Economics, and an MS in Economics.
Jeanne Phillips was born to Pauline Phillips, the founder of Dear Abby, and Morton Phillips in 1942. She has a brother, Edward ``Eddie'' Phillips, who is about two years her junior. When she was three years old, her family moved from Minnesota to Eau Claire, Wisconsin. Phillips attended elementary school at Hillsborough, California. For the first two years of secondary education, she attend Burlingame High School. After her sophomore year, she transferred to Crystal Springs Uplands School and attended the private school for one year. Shortly thereafter, her family moved back to Twin Cities in Minnesota, so her father would be able to take the helm of her feeble grandfather's liquor-distribution business. For her senior year in high school, she attended Washburn High School in Minneapolis. Phillips enjoyed the school, saying, ``I loved it. I was never the most popular girl in the class. I never aspired to be. But I did make very nice friends.'' In college, she majored in English and anthropology. She studied anthropology at the University of Colorado and UCLA though did not work in the field. She attempted interior design but ultimately decided it was unsatisfactory.
Dick Clark taught at the University of Tennessee from 1974-1976. During this time Mr. Clark lead a team a students in Masaya, Nicaragua. They arrived just after the 1972 Nicaragua earthquake that decimated most of Managua. There they worked with the local government and citizens to plan and rebuild some of what was lost. Their efforts were supported by Mick Jagger who, with the Rolling Stones donated $300,000 to build 3000 homes south of Managua. Most of the money was raised during the Rolling Stones Pacific Tour 1973.
Huw Ceredig was born in Brynamman, Carmarthenshire in 1942, the son of Reverend Gerallt Jones, and Elizabeth J. Griffiths, a Welsh teacher. Ceredig was educated at Llandovery College, where one of his teachers was the Welsh rugby player and coach Carwyn James, before going on to train as a teacher at Trinity College in Carmarthen. He was a member of the renowned Cilie family of poets, and was raised in Llanuwchllyn. Ceredig was the brother of Welsh politician Alun Ffred Jones, folk singer/politician Dafydd Iwan, and Arthur Morus.
The female pop duo The Veronicas grew up in Albany Creek. Two time U.S. Open winning tennis player Patrick Rafter attended Albany Creek State High School. Former Wallaby and Queensland Reds great Ben Tune grew up in Albany Creek. Super 14 rugby union player Scott Daruda grew up and played football in Albany Creek. Queensland Roar Striker Robbie Kruse played for Albany Creek Excelsior Soccer Club in his youth. Screenwriter Anthony Morris lives in Albany Creek.
Rana Muhammad Iqbal Khan, son of Rana Phool Muhammad Khan (former MPA and Minister) was born on April 20, 1945 at Gumthala Garhu, Tehsil Pehowa, District Karnal, . He obtained his early education from D.B. High School, Bhai Pheroo (now Phool Nagar). He graduated from Islamia College, Civil Lines, Lahore in 1968 and obtained the degree of LL.B. from University of the Punjab, Lahore in 1971. He is an advocate and agriculturist.
Abelt was born in Germany. She worked as an aid worker in Rwanda from 1979 to 1983. Abelt was one of the many foreign nurses working in the western Oromia Region where she met her future husband, Dr. Negasso Gidada, who was also a student at Germany's Goethe University Frankfurt. Even though she held German citizenship, Regina became the First Lady of Ethiopia by virtue of her marriage to the then President Dr. Negasso.
By the 1930s, necklines plunged at the back, sleeves disappeared and sides were cut away. Hollywood endorsed the new glamour with films such as Neptune's Daughter in which Esther Williams wore provocatively named costumes such as ``Double Entendre'' and ``Honey Child''. Williams also portrayed Kellerman in the 1952 film Million Dollar Mermaid (titled as The One Piece Bathing Suit in UK). American designer Adele Simpson, a Coty American Fashion Critics' Awards winner (1947) and a notable alumna of the New York art school Pratt Institute, who believed clothes must be comfortable and practical designed a large part of her wardrobe which included mostly one-piece suits that were considered fashionable even in early 1980s. This was when Cole of California started marketing revealing prohibition suits and Catalina Swimwear introduced almost bare-back designs.
Dave Tolley (born 1978, Kitchener, Ontario) is a Canadian hand percussionist and drummer. He studied at York University in Toronto and Berklee College of Music in Boston. He is best known for his involvement with Canadian band Nine Mile. He often plays a rare Peruvian instrument called a cajon, as well as drumkit, and a variety of hand percussion. His playing is featured on all four Nine Mile albums, and he played on Xavier Rudd's Food in the Belly album. Tolley's drumming and percussion work can also be found on Rudd's June 2007 release, White Moth.
Denny Almonte (born on September 24, 1988 in Miami, Florida) is a professional baseball player currently in the Seattle Mariners organization. He was drafted in the second round of the 2007 Major League Baseball Draft by the Seattle Mariners. He attended Florida Christian School.
The hiring of Bobby Wallace in 2006 marked a new era within the football program. Wallace's first head coaching stint came in the GSC when he was the head coach at the University of North Alabama from 1988-1997. During his time at UNA, he led the Lions to three consecutive national championships from 1993-1995 as his squads finished with an overall record of 41-1 during the course of those three seasons. The 1995 team was selected as the ``Best Team of the Quarter Century'' in Division II. Wallace also led UNA to Gulf South Conference Championships during the 1993-1995 seasons, while his Lions also qualified for the NCAA Division II Playoffs six times during his tenure. Over his 10 seasons at the helm, he compiled an overall mark of 82-36-1, and he also produced a total of 12 NFL players. Prior to arriving in Livingston, he had served as the head coach at Temple University since 1997. Upon hiring Wallace, many around UWA hoped he could lead the football team back to its glory days. The Wallace Era began with a great glimmer of hope as UWA recorded its first winning season in 14 years. The Tigers finished 6-5 on the season. UWA also ended several streaks picking up wins at Lambuth, against Southern Arkansas, and at Arkansas-Monticello. The excitement was put on hold, however, as the team finished the 2007 season with a 1-9 record and posted a 4-7 record in 2008. allace and his team put together a memorable season in 2009. The season began with three consecutive victories including a televised home win over Arkansas Tech. Unfortunately, three consecutive losses followed. A couple of wins over #22 Delta State and Arkansas-Monticello put UWA right back in the thick of the playoff race, but a loss to West Georgia the following week nearly derailed their hopes. During the season finale, UWA was locked in a battle for their playoff lives against longtime rival and Wallace's former team, North Alabama. At the time, UNA was ranked #1 in all the Division II polls. Through a fearless and courageous effort, UWA sent the game to overtime after losing the lead they held throughout the game. After four overtimes, it appeared UNA was set to claim the victory until a forced fumble gave UWA the ball. From that, they took advantage and kicked the game winning field goal. It was the first win for the Tigers at Braly Municipal Stadium in Florence since the 1987 season. The NCAA rewarded UWA's efforts with a berth in the NCAA Division II playoffs. In the first round, the Tigers upset #20 Albany State 24-22 on the road. After falling behind early against #10 Carson-Newman, the Tigers mounted a rally before falling short 59-41. The Tigers gathered an 8-5 record, the most wins since 1975, and had eight All-GSC honors. UWA posted a 5-1 record at Tiger Stadium, the best since 1985, and tallied the most wins over GSC opponents since 1981 with six. They received their first two rankings in school history at the end of the season. The AFCA placed them #21, while the D2Football.com poll placed them higher two spots at #19.
John King was educated at the Royal Hibernian Military School at Phoenix Park in Dublin between 1847 and 1853, before joining the 70th Regiment on 15 January 1853 at the age of 14. King was sent to Chatham and then posted to India, where the Regiment had been stationed since 1848.
Todd Boatwright graduated from the University of North Texas with a degree in Radio, Television, and Film, and during his studies he was an intern at KDFW in Dallas. His first appearance on TV as an anchor and reporter was at KAVU in Victoria, Texas. After 15 months he moved to KETK-TV in Tyler, where he spent five years as the Longview bureau chief and reporter. In 2000, Boatwright reported on the Republican and Democratic Conventions.
In Spider-Man films directed by Sam Raimi, Peter Parker attains his powers after being bitten by a radioactive spider at a laboratory at Columbia University (the lab scenes were actually filmed at the Natural History Museum in Los Angeles), and later attends the school. The Marvel Comics superhero Daredevil was valedictorian of his class at Columbia Law School. Willie Keith, the protagonist in Herman Wouk's The Caine Mutiny, is a Columbia student when he signs up for the Navy at the beginning of World War II; Wouk specifically refers to the campus, including buildings such as Furnald Hall. Law & Order prosecutor Jamie Ross (later a judge on ) attended Columbia Law. Meadow Soprano, of the television series The Sopranos, attends Columbia. Michael Moscovitz, a character in the The Princess Diaries series by Meg Cabot, also attends Columbia University. On the NBC sitcom Will & Grace, both main characters, Will Truman and Grace Adler, played by Eric McCormack and Debra Messing, respectively, were Columbia graduates. Jack Shephard (Matthew Fox) from ABC's Lost graduated from Columbia University Medical Center. Jessie Spano from Saved by the Bell attended Columbia University in the show's spin-off. Jessica Darling, the protagonist of Megan McCafferty's Sloppy Firsts, Second Helpings, and Charmed Thirds, attends Columbia. Dr. Joel Fleishman (Rob Morrow) on the television series Northern Exposure was a graduate of Columbia. Valerie Tyler in the TV show What I Like About You is a Columbia graduate, with a degree in Public Relations. Carol Seaver from the family sitcom Growing Pains (Tracey Gold) also attended the university. In How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days, Andie Anderson (Kate Hudson) graduated from Columbia Journalism. In the film I Think I Love My Wife, Richard Cooper (Chris Rock) held an M.B.A. degree from Columbia (An M.B.A. diploma from Columbia can be seen hanging on the wall in the character's office). Marshall Eriksen of How I Met Your Mother is a Columbia Law school graduate. Dr. Stanley Goodspeed (Nicolas Cage) in the movie ``The Rock'' holds a BA from Columbia. In addition, the television comedy series (Seinfeld) was fictionally filmed near the Columbia campus, as the famous Seinfeld diner ``Monk's'' is in fact Tom's Restaurant on Broadway at 112th Street. Similarly, the pop song (Tom's Diner) by Barnard alum (Suzanne Vega) is also set in Tom's Restaurant. In Siri Hustvedt's 2008 novel, The Blindfold, the heroine is a grad student at Columbia. Mara Waters, a character in The Au Pairs, a novel by Melissa de la Cruz, decides to attend Columbia rather than Dartmouth. In Richard Powers' novel, The Time of our Singing, the family's father, David Strom, is a physicist at Columbia. As for the boys, they both attend Juilliard School. Both Doctor Eric Foreman and James Wilson (House) on the popular Fox medical drama House attended the medical school at Columbia. Professor X, of X-Men fame, completed his graduate studies at Columbia, where he received his PhD in Anthropology. In the film Panic Room, the character which Jodie Foster plays is a Columbia University student. Aqua in Cheetah Girls 3 wanted to be a prospective Columbian and she makes references to their excellent physics departments. In the Bollywood movie, Ta Ra Rum Pum, Radhika Rani Mukerji is majoring in music at Columbia University when she meets Rajveer Singh Saif Ali Khan.
Landon, following his father Michael Landon's footsteps in filmmaking, studied screenwriting at Loyola Marymount University, but dropped out three years into the course to pursue a career when film director Larry Clark offered him a writing job after reading one of his scripts. He went on to co-write the script of Another Day in Paradise with Eddie Little and Stephen Chin. After writing Another Day in Paradise, he came out as gay, aware that homophobia may have harmed his potential in the industry. ``I may fall off some list because of my sexuality. But if that happens, then I really don't want to be on that list anyway,'' he said, speaking of homophobia in Hollywood and the film industry. ``I was the flavor of the month, and then I was quickly dismissed. I reached a point in my career when I couldn't get a meeting anywhere.'' He moved from Los Angeles to Austin, Texas, contemplating the future of his career, which he revived only a few years later.
Listed in the Who is Who in the East 1986/7 he was born in 1933 on Java, then the Dutch East Indies, grandson of Prof. Guillaume Frédéric Rochat (see Guillaume Frédéric Rochat 1876-1965) and son of Dr. Guillaume Frédéric Rochat and attorney-at-law Bertha Rochat. Gui Rochat was educated at the Latin and Greek Gymnasium school in Zwolle, The Netherlands from 1946 to 1953, after which he entered the Dutch navy in the training program for reserve lieutenant. Following a short unsuccessful spell of being a cadet in the Dutch Naval Academy he entered Groningen University in the Netherlands 1956 as a student in Medicine. This not being a career he desired, his parents who were living then in Iran, sent him to the American University of Beirut, Lebanon where he graduated in 1960 with a major in Experimental Psychology. This enabled him to continue his graduate studies at Indiana University where he met (now divorced) wife Katherine McCollum. They have one child Alexandra Eddings.
Robert Stewart Hyer was born in Oxford, Georgia in 1860. He attended elementary school in Atlanta before received a bachelor's and masters degree at Emory College in 1881 and 1882 where he was a Member of the Chi Phi Fraternity. He later received honorary degrees from Central Methodist University and Baylor University.
Following Hunt's death, his wife Jane took their four children to Geneva, Paris and Rome for an extended Grand Tour that stretched into a dozen years. The Hunt children were able to study the arts in European academies and become part of an American expatriate community in Europe. Three of Congressman Hunt's children returned to America. The fourth, Congressman Hunt's namesake son Jonathan, remained in Paris, where he studied medicine at the University of Paris and subsequently practiced medicine until his early death, a suicide in 1874. (Jonathan Hunt's son William Morris Hunt also committed suicide, at the Isles of Shoals in New Hampshire.)
He was born in a middle class Sindhi family. His father migrated to Jaipur after the Partition of India and opened a shop selling carpets. He has four sisters and three brothers: two elder and one younger. Asrani was highly uninterested in business and very weak in mathematics. He completed his matriculation from St. Xaviers School and did his graduation from Rajasthan College, Jaipur. He simultaneously worked as a voice artist on All India Radio, Jaipur, to pay for his education. His ultimate aim was to become an actor.
Born and raised in Copenhagen, Denmark, Tolling relocated to the United States to study at Berklee College of Music where he graduated Summa Cumme Laude in 2003. Tolling received Denmark's Sankt Annae's Award for Musical Excellence as well as grants from Queen Margaret, the Sonning Foundation and the Berklee Elvin Jones Award. Since graduating from Berklee College of Music, Tolling has toured worldwide with the Stanley Clarke band and Turtle Island Quartet. Tolling has also performed with Al Di Meola, Kenny Barron, Paquito d’Rivera and Leo Kottke.
Dr. Jack Stamp is Professor of Music, Chairperson of the Music Department and Director of Band Studies at Indiana University of Pennsylvania where he conducts the Wind Ensemble and teaches courses in graduate conducting. Dr. Stamp received his Bachelor of Science in Music Education degree from IUP, a Master's in Percussion Performance from East Carolina University, and a Doctor of Musical Arts Degree in Conducting from Michigan State University where he studied with Eugene Corporon.
Justin O'Dell (born 1974, Detroit, Michigan) is an American clarinetist, international concert artist, Michigan State University professor, orchestral and chamber musician. He earned degrees from Western Michigan University (BM), Yale University (MM), University of Michigan (DMA) with further studies at the Hochschule für Musik Karlsruhe in Germany.
Rod Shealy was born on December 22, 1953 to Elsie (née Porth), who worked as an executive for World Book Encyclopedia, and Ryan Shealy, a South Carolina politician who served in the state's House and Senate. He was the second of five children. Shealy attended Lexington High School and graduated in 1972. One of his sisters, Sherry Shealy Martschink, (1949-)http://www.blondesherry.blogspot.com served in both the SC House and Senate and ran for lieutenant governor.
The son of a lawyer, Paul Butterfield was born in Chicago, Illinois and raised in the city's Hyde Park neighborhood, where he attended the University of Chicago Laboratory Schools, a private school associated with the University of Chicago. After studying classical flute with Walfrid Kujala of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra as a teenager, he developed a love for the blues harmonica, and hooked up with white, blues-loving, University of Chicago physics student Elvin Bishop. The pair started hanging around black blues musicians such as Muddy Waters, Howlin' Wolf, Little Walter and Otis Rush. Butterfield and Bishop soon formed a band with Jerome Arnold and Sam Lay, both hired away from the touring band of Howlin' Wolf. In 1963, the racially mixed quartet was made the house band at Big John's, a folk club in the Old Town district on Chicago's north side. Butterfield was still underage (as was guitarist Mike Bloomfield.)
Neil De Marchi is an Australian economist and historian of economic thought and is a Professor at Duke University. De Marchi specializes in both teaching and research that pertains to the history of economic ideas and the history of markets, and also the functioning of markets with a specific focus on art markets. His works have appeared in such journals as the Journal of Economic Behavior and Organization, the Journal of Econometrics, the European Journal for the History of Economic Thought, and the Art Bulletin. He has also contributed to pieces within various books, having written introductions to such works as ``Idealization in Economics, Poznan Studies 38,'' and a biographical entry of John Stewart Mill for The Handbook of Economic Methodology. De Marchi received his Ph.D. from Australian National University in 1970, after completing his B.Phil in economics at the University of Oxford. He also obtained his B.Ec with first-class honors in 1960 from the University of Western Australia.
Best known for his witty short stories that populated the pages of Caracol, ViAztlan, and Saguaro, Julian S. Garcia was graduated from Our Lady of the Lake College in San Antonio, Texas, with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Sociology and Bilingual Education. He continued his education with a Master's degree in Bicultural-Bilingual Studies from the University of Texas at San Antonio in l977. He then studied English Literature at Southwest Texas State University.
Ibish comes from an academic background. His father, Yusuf Ibish, studied at Harvard University's Department of Government in the 1950s and was on the faculty of the American University of Beirut as a scholar of Islam. Hussein Ibish attended Emerson College, earning a bachelor of science degree in mass communications in 1986.
Francis O. Wilcox was born in Columbus Junction, Iowa on April 9, 1908. He was educated at the University of Iowa, receiving his A.B. in 1930, his A.M. in 1931, and his Ph.D. in 1933. He then attended the University of Geneva, and received a doctorate in political science in 1935. From 1935 through 1941, he taught political science at the University of Iowa, the University of Louisville, the University of Chicago, and the University of Michigan.
Pierre Dervaux (born January 3, 1917 in Juvisy-sur-Orge, France; died February 20, 1992 in Marseilles, France) was a French operatic conductor, composer, and pedagogue. At the Conservatoire de Paris, he studied counterpoint and harmony with Marcel Samuel-Rousseau and Jean and Noël Gallon, as well as piano with Isidor Philipp, Armand Ferté, and Yves Nat. He also served as principal conductor of the Opéra-Comique (1947-53), and the Opéra de Paris (1956-72). In this capacity he directed the French première of Poulenc's Dialogues des Carmélites. He was also Vice-President of the Concerts Pasdeloup (1949-55), President and Chief conductor of the Concerts Colonne (1958-92), Musical Director of the Orchestre des Pays de Loire ((1971-79) as well as holding similar posts at the Quebec Symphony Orchestra (1968-75), where he collaborated with concertmaster Hidetaro Suzuki, and the Nice Philharmonic (1979-1982).
He was born on November 18, 1885 to Roger Charles Sullivan and Loretta Connery in Chicago, Illinois. He attended Yale University and Harvard Law School, and on December 28, 1911 married Marceline Block. His father, Roger Charles Sullivan died on February 14, 1961. His son, Boetius Henry Sullivan, Jr. would die just 4 years later on December 19, 1966.
George J. Graham, Jr., was born in Dayton, Ohio. He received his B.A. from Wabash College in 1960 and his Ph.D. from Indiana University in 1965. He was a member of the faculty of the political science faculty at Vanderbilt from 1963 until his death on November 30, 2006. He taught courses in political theory, for undergraduates, and in political theory, philosophy of social science, and democratic theory for graduate students. Graduate students were always his focus. Graham was a central figure in the Vanderbilt graduate program for many years; by the late 1980s-early 1990s, he was arguably the closest faculty member to the graduate students. In that era, he was adviser, and/or friend, to a number of graduate students who went on to successful careers.
The is an aikido organization founded by Koichi Tohei in 1971, while he was the chief instructor at the Aikikai Hombu Dojo. The official Japanese name of the organization is Shin Shin Toitsu Aikido Kai (心身統一合気道会), but it is more usually known in English-speaking countries as ``Ki Society''. Its foundation reflected Tohei's differences with the Aikikai, and his own emphasis on developing the concept of Ki. Tohei's art is correctly called Shin Shin Tōitsu-dō (心身統一道), meaning ``the way of realizing the original unity of mind and body'', but the martial discipline of the art is frequently isolated and referred to as Ki-Aikido, particularly in the Western world.
Uemon Ikeda moved from Tokyo, Japan to Rome in Italy in the seventies. There he attended Venanzo Crocetti's lectures at the Academy the Fine Arts where he graduated in 1977. In the eighties he met Simonetta Lux, who invited him to participate in the collective exhibition named ``Simultaneity - New Directions Japanese Contemporary Art'' at Palazzo Braschi, Rome (1991), amongst others.
Ludlow High graduate Maura West of ``As The World Turns'' won the award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series at the 34th Annual Daytime Emmy Awards in Los Angeles in 2007. Dean Lombardi, a 1976 graduate of Ludlow High and star hockey player for the high school and Springfield Olympics, is the current president and general manager of the Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League. Matt Trusz, a 2003 graduate of Wilbraham & Monson Academy in Wilbraham was also a Springfield Olympics standout hockey goaltender; he is currently playing professionally in the East Coast Hockey League (ECHL) and the Eastern Professional Hockey League (EPHL). Tom Matera, a 1994 graduate of Ludlow High School, went on to become World Wrestling Entertainment Superstar Antonio.
Neil Nathan was born in New Brunswick, New Jersey and raised in New City, New York. Neil graduated from Cornell University with a degree in Economics and soon after moved to New York City, where he simultaneously began his careers as a rock singer and world history teacher.
Played by Mia Kirshner in seasons one and two, Isobel Flemming is Elena Gilbert's birth mother and a descendant of Katherine Pierce. When Isobel was a teenager she had a relationship with John Gilbert, by whom she later had a baby, Elena. When Isobel was pregnant, John brought her to his brother Grayson Gilbert, who helped her through labor. After Elena's birth, a heartbroken Isobel gave her daughter to Grayson and his wife Miranda Gilbert. It is known that Isobel was a cheerleader in high school and was best friends with Trudie Peterson, whom she later ordered to kill. Isobel also attended Duke University, where she studied supernatural beings. Later in life, she met and married Alaric Saltzman. However Isobel became obsessed with vampires and after being romantically involved with him, she asked Damon Salvatore to turn her. She was assumed dead by the police and Alaric thought that she was killed by Damon after seeing them together. In season one Alaric comes to Mystic Falls to seek revenge on Damon, who admits that he killed her, but also turned her into a vampire on her own request. After Elena finds out that Isobel is her biological mother, she calls her, but after hearing Elena's voice, Isobel hangs up. However she later shows up at the Mystic Grill and greets Alaric. She tells him that she wants to meet her daughter and threatens to kill everyone in town if she doesn't get her way. She is later seen being visited by John in a loaned house, where she has two human minions Cherie and Frank. It is revealed that Isobel, just like John, wants Johnathan's Gilberts device, because Katherine, whom she seemingly befriended, wants all the tomb vampires death. In season two it is revealed that Isobel also wants them dead in order to protect Elena from Klaus. She meets with Elena and asks her to make Damon give her the device. She shows Elena that she can hurt her friends and family by using Frank and Cherie to hurt Matt Donovan and kidnap Jeremy Gilbert. Elena convinces Damon to give her the device by saying that Bonnie Bennett can despell it. However it is later revealed that Bonnie only pretended to despell it. Elena gives Isobel the device and asks her how she knew Damon would give it to her. She tells Elena that Damon loves her. In a phone call with John it is revealed that she does care about Elena and they plot to kill all the tomb vampires and the Salvatore Brothers with the device in order to protect her. Before leaving town, Isobel compels Alaric to get over her and tells him that she realizes it was a mistake to become a vampire.
Raffaele Marcellino graduated from the Sydney Conservatorium of Music with merit in 1985. In 1995 Marcellino joined the staff of the Tasmanian Conservatorium of Music where he served as Director from 1996--1998 and resumed normal teaching duties in 1999. In 1999 Arts Tasmania appointed him composer and music director of the Mountain Orchestra Project.
James Dermott Monteith (2 June 1943 -- 6 December 2009) was an Irish international cricketer. Monteith was a right-handed batsman who bowled Slow left-arm orthodox. Monteith was educated at the Royal Belfast Academical Institution and Queens University Belfast.
Ernest A. Gross was born in Brooklyn on September 23, 1906. He graduated from DeWitt Clinton High School and then attended Harvard College, graduating in 1927. He then attended Oxford University before returning to Cambridge, Massachusetts to attend Harvard Law School. While at law school, he met Kathryn Watson, daughter of Sen. James Eli Watson (R--IN); the couple were married in 1933.
Philip Hershkovitz was born 12 October 1909 in Pittsburgh to parents Aba and Bertha (Halpern) Hershkovitz. He was the second child and only son among four siblings. He reported that his father died when he was nine years old. After graduating from Schenley High School in 1927, he attended the University of Pittsburgh from 1929 to 1931, majoring in zoology, before transferring to the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor, which had more course offerings in zoology. He was an assistant in the zoology department and did taxidermical work. In 1932, he went to Texas to collect Typhlomolge rathbuni cave salamanders. He wanted to also trap small mammals, which he found more interesting, but had no traps to do that. On a chance visit to the Field Museum of Natural History (FMNH) in Chicago, he befriended the Curator of Mammals there, Colin Campbell Sanborn, who loaned him the supplies he needed. This event was the beginning of Hershkovitz's long relationship with the FMNH.
Theodore Dwight was born March 3, 1796 in Hartford, Connecticut. His father was Theodore Dwight (1764--1846) of the New England Dwight family. His mother was Abigail Alsop (1765--1846), the sister of Richard Alsop (1761--1815). He graduated from Yale College in 1814. He compiling the travelogues of his uncle, Timothy Dwight IV, previously president of Yale, which he brought to publication in 1821. In 1825 he published the second tourist guidebook in the United States, The Northern Traveller, which he would update with regular editions until 1841. A commentator on American society, he wrote a number of works on child rearing, school reform, and in the 1850s and 1860s passionately advocated for the cause of Garibaldi and the unification of Italy.
Cees van Riel was born in Tilburg and raised in Eindhoven in The Netherlands. Between 1973 and 1979 he studied Mass Communication (M.A.), Economic History (B.A.) and Political Science (B.A.) at the Radboud University Nijmegen. He obtained his PhD in communication at Erasmus University Rotterdam in September 1986 for the doctoral dissertation Overheidsvoorlichting en Intermediaire kaders (Government Information and Intermediary Staff). In November 1993 Cees van Riel became Professor of Corporate Communication at Rotterdam School of Management.
Yellin was born to Sarah and Peter Fagan. Her children and grandchildren include Peter, Lisa, Michael, David, Amelia, Mosé, Ginevra, Benjamin, Sarah, and Blaze. She received her B.A. from Roosevelt University and an M.A. and Ph.D. from the University of Illinois. She began teaching at Pace University in 1968. Her dissertation was published in 1972 as The Intricate Knot: Black Figures in American Literature. She was nominated for a Pulitzer Prize in 1990 for Women and Sisters: The Anti-Slavery Feminists in American Culture and won the 2004 Frederick Douglass Prize and the Modern Language Association's William Sanders Scarborough Prize for Harriet Jacobs: A Life.
Dolunay Soysert graduated in Archeology and Art History from Istanbul University. After studying Theatre at Müjdat Gezen Art Center, she worked at the Istanbul City Theatre for four years. Additionally, she spent four years in the USA at the Sally Johnson Studio.
Jake Armerding is an American folk musician and multi-instrumentalist from Boston, Massachusetts. He plays mostly acoustic string instruments like the mandolin, acoustic guitar, and fiddle. In 1990, Jake began playing with Northern Lights occasionally. He joined the band full-time in 1992 and was a member until 1999 when he left the band to pursue a solo career. Jake attended Wheaton College where he received a degree in English literature. In 2001, Armerding won the Best New Artist Award from Boston's folk-radio station, WUMB.
Hugh Moore received an honorary degree of Humane Letters from Lafayette College in 1961.
Shall was born in 1949 and grew up in Carlisle, Pennsylvania. He was the youngest son of Tillie and Herman Shall, who taught his sons paperfolding. Michael Shall graduated from Lycoming College in Williamsport, Pennsylvania and taught high school English before moving to New York City in 1974 to try to make a living as an origami professional. Along with his mentor and colleague, Alice Gray, Shall is noted for his creation of Holiday/Christmas trees bedecked with origami. One of the best-known origami designs by Shall is his ``Shining Alice'', an eight-pointed star named in honor of Alice Gray. Shall is the author of the book Teaching Origami
Asma Afsaruddin is a Professor in the Department of Near Eastern Languages and Cultures at Indiana University in Bloomington. She was an associate professor in Arabic and Islamic studies at the University of Notre Dame, Indiana. She has previously taught at Harvard University and the Johns Hopkins University, from which she received her PhD in 1993. Her fields of specialization include the religious and political thought of Islam, study of the primary Islamic texts (Qur'an and hadith), as well as gender studies.
Prince Alexander Golitzen was born in Moscow, but fled the country with his family during the Russian Revolution. Travelling via Siberia and China, they arrived in Seattle, where Alexander graduated from high school. He then attended the University of Washington, where he achieved a degree in architecture.
Allen William Galitzen: born in California, U.S.A. (1918 - 1996): United States Navy machinist and US Army transportation corp during World War II. ``Seabee''. Merchant Marines. Awarded Pacific War Zone Bar. Underwater demolition/constuction in Pacific. Served 20 years in the U.S. Navy. USAT ``Ludington'', USAT ``Evangeline'', USAT ``Frederick Funston'', USS ``Coral Sea'', USAT ``ADM. E.W. Eberle'', USAT ``Gen. M.M. Patrick'', USAT ``Gen. W.F. Hase'', USS ``Enterprise''. Also served at US naval shipyards at Hunters Point, CA, and Mare Island, CA. Later in his career he worked on advanced ballistics for military grade submarine launched ballistic missiles, i.e. Trident and Polaris. Owner of a famous Hohner accordion which was passed down through three consecutive generations and now under restoration in Vancouver, WA. Married to June Bicoff in 1941. 2 children, Robert Allen Galitzen (b. 1943 - 2004), Bonnie Louise Galitzen (b. 1948 - ) Michael Riley Galitzen, also known as Mickey Riley (September 6, 1909, Los Angeles, California -- June 6, 1959, Hollywood, California) was an American diver who won four total medals, one gold, at the 1928 Summer Olympics and 1932 Summer Olympics. Galitzen was a native of southern California, and won acclaim both for his individual diving and as a tandem diver with his brother John. He won two medals in diving at Amsterdam in 1928 as Michael Galitzen. In 1931, he began calling himself Mickey Riley, and won gold and silver medals in Los Angeles in 1932 under that name. After the Olympics, he worked as a film editor, and he and John appeared frequently in diving shows. He was found dead in his Hollywood apartment in 1959; the death was attributed to natural causes. Galitzen was inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame in 1977. Alexander Golitzen(Golitsyn), (Moscow, February 28, 1908 -- San Diego, July 26, 2005) oversaw art direction on more than 300 movies. Prince Alexander Golitzen was born in Moscow, but fled the country with his family during the Russian Revolution. Travelling via Siberia and China, they arrived in Seattle, where Alexander graduated from high school. He then attended the University of Washington, where he achieved a degree in architecture. He started his art direction career in Los Angeles, as an assistant to Alexander Toluboff, an art director for MGM. He started working with Walter Wanger (a producer) in 1939 and they worked together for many movies. Starting in 1942, and continuing for the next 30 years, he became a unit art director, and later a supervising art director at Universal, overseeing dozens of productions. Alexander Golitzen earned an Academy Award nomination for Foreign Correspondent (1940), and received three Oscars for Phantom of the Opera in 1943, Spartacus in 1960 and To Kill a Mockingbird in 1962. He was also nominated for an Academy Award for his work on Sundown (1941), Arabian Nights (1942), The Climax (1944), Flower Drum Song (1961), That Touch of Mink (1962), Gambit (1966), Thoroughly Modern Millie (1967), Sweet Charity (1969), Airport (1970), and Earthquake (1974). He served on the Academy's board of directors for several years. Alexander was married for 72 years to Frances, who survived him. They had a daughter Cynthia, a son Peter, five grandchildren and a great-granddaughter.
According to the published biography on her website, in her other life Laura Navarre is a diplomat who's lived in Russia and works on weapons of mass destruction issues. Navarre earned her B.A. in International Relations from Michigan State University, her M.A. from The George Washington University, and an M.F.A. in Writing Popular Fiction from the University of Southern Maine's Stonecoast MFA program. She lives in Seattle with her fiance, screenwriter and memoirist Steven Denlinger.
W. Michael Gear graduated from Fort Collins High School in 1972 and pursued both his Bachelor's (1976) and Master's (1979) degrees at Colorado State University. Upon completion of his Master's in physical anthropology he went to work for Western Wyoming College in Rock Springs, WY as a field archaeologist.
Cody Kempt (born June 23, 1987 in Bozeman, Montana) is a college football quarterback for the Montana State Bobcats. He attended Westview High School in Beaverton, Oregon. Kempt's only collegiate playing action at Oregon was a loss to Oregon State in the 111th Civil War. He transferred to Montana State after the 2007 season.
John Frame has received grants and awards from the National Endowment for the Arts (Visual Fellowship Grant, 1984, 1986), the Los Angeles County Museum of Art (New Talent Award, 1985), and the J. Paul Getty Museum (Individual Artists Fellowship, 1995). In 2009, he received an Honorary Doctor of Arts degree from Cornish College of the Arts in Seattle, Washington.
Earnest Fields (born October 15, 1968 in Milan, Tennessee) is a former American football linebacker. He attended the University of Tennessee from 1988--1991. In 1990, he recorded 140 tackles for the season. As a senior, he was named the Volunteers' captain. In 1998 Fields played for the Nashville Kats of the Arena Football League.
Rick Smith graduated from the University of Florida with a B.S. in Finance. Smith earned an MBA in Marketing and Strategy from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. Early in his career Smith worked for EDS in finance and marketing management, holding positions throughout the US and in Germany. After leaving EDS, he spent time as a strategy consultant with Gemini Consulting (formerly the MAC Group), and with Diamond Technology Partners. He worked as an executive recruiter with Egon Zehnder and Spencer Stuart.
Nick Antosca is an American author of literary fiction. He is the author of two novels: Fires (2006, Impetus Press; re-released in 2011 by Civil Coping Mechanisms) and Midnight Picnic (2009, Word Riot Press). Midnight Picnic was set to be published by Impetus Press, but the small publisher folded under financial pressure in the fall of 2008. Word Riot Press stepped in and the novel was published in 2009. Antosca was born in New Orleans, Louisiana and currently lives in Los Angeles, California. He is a 2005 graduate of Yale University.
Ladd was born in Hollywood, California, the daughter of Charlie's Angels star Cheryl Ladd and David Ladd, a producer and former actor. Her parents divorced in 1980. Her paternal grandfather was actor Alan Ladd, and her paternal grandmother was Sue Carol (née Evelyn Lederer), a Hollywood talent agent and actress. She has a stepsister, Lindsay Russell, an aspiring actress. She attended Southern Methodist University in Dallas, Texas for one year before dropping out.
Under the guidance and pastoral care of Fr Ramirez, Mon Ilagan began his career in broadcasting while pursuing his college degree in Communication Arts at the University of Santo Tomas. His 25 years in the media were highlighted by prestigious awards such as Reporter of the Year in 1997, the 2001 and 2003 Star Awards Best Morning Show Host for ``Alas Singko Y Media'' and ``Magandang Umaga, Pilipinas.`` He also taught as a professor at the ABS-CBN Center for Communication Arts.
De Peyster was born in New York City, the son of a wealthy old Dutchess County family, and a first cousin of Maj. Gen. Philip Kearny. His great great grandfather was Abraham de Peyster, an early Mayor of New York City, whose brother was Johannes de Peyster, also Mayor. He studied law at Columbia University, although he did not graduate on account of his poor health. He had become an invalid at a young age due to a heart affliction he developed during service as a volunteer fireman. De Peyster was heavily involved as a volunteer firefighter with the No. 5 Hose Carriage during his collegiate years, including a major fire in 1836, leading to his health problems. Despite these physical difficulties, he was described by some as feisty, and even dictatorial.
William Andrew Goddard III (born March 29, 1937 in El Centro, California, U.S.) is the Charles and Mary Ferkel Professor of Chemistry and Applied Physics, and Director, Materials and Process Simulation Center at the California Institute of Technology. He obtained his B.S. from the University of California, Los Angeles, in 1960 and his Ph.D. from the California Institute of Technology, 1965. After his Ph. D. he remained at the California Institute of Technology as Arthur Amos Noyes Research Fellow (1964--66), Professor of Theoretical Chemistry (1967--78) and Professor of Chemistry & Applied Physics (1978-).
In 1995, a 50-hectare property in Biñan, Laguna was acquired by the System from the family of the late National Artist of the Philippines for Architecture and La Salle High School alumnus Leandro Locsin to be used as the site of De La Salle University-Canlubang, a science and technology-oriented campus. Construction of the first building of the campus as well as start of operations both began in 2003. De La Salle University-Professional Schools, Inc., established in 1960, became a semi-autonomous entity in 1996 working within the campus of De La Salle University-Manila. In 2002, the management and ownership of the Gregorio Araneta University Foundation in Malabon City was transferred by the Araneta Family to the system and was renamed to De La Salle Araneta University, becoming the eighth member of the system.
Stephen Lewis was born in Ottawa, Ontario, on November 11, 1937, to Sophie Lewis (née Carson) and David Lewis. His parents gave him the Hebrew name ``Sholem'', a Yiddish derivation of the Hebrew word shalom, which means peace, because he was born on Armistice Day. From the time he was born, and through his early childhood, his father was the National Secretary of the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF), the predecessor party to the NDP. When his family moved to Toronto in 1950, he attended secondary school first at Toronto's Oakwood Collegiate, and then his final three years of high school at Harbord Collegiate Institute. In 1956, he entered the University of Toronto (UofT) where he became a member of the Hart House debating committee, and on 14 November 1957, debated Senator and future American President, John F. Kennedy on the question, ``Has the United States failed in its responsibilities as a world leader?'' The Senator narrowly beat the Hart House team 204-194. Lewis's performance was considered the highlight of the event, while Kennedy's was flat according to many members in the audience like John Brewin. He spent his third year of university at the University of British Columbia (UBC) before spending his final undergraduate year back at UofT where he failed to write his final examinations. He went to law school twice in the early 1960s, dropping out of both UofT and UBC's programs.
Ludmila Vassilyeva (born May 23, 1942) is a Russian scholar at the Institute of Oriental Studies of the Russian Academy of Sciences in Moscow. She graduated from Moscow State University (1965) and got Ph.D. degree in 1987. She also teaches Urdu literature at Moscow University and Russian State University for the Humanities. She is an expert of Urdu and Hindi literature and has translated Urdu poets, like Ghalib and Faiz Ahmed Faiz into Russian. She often visits Pakistan, India and other countries where Urdu is spoken and participates in conferences.
William Ackerman was born in West Germany but was adopted by a couple who lived in Palo Alto, California. A self-professed poet and musician who briefly studied guitar with Robbie Basho, Ackerman grew up in the San Francisco Bay Area. He attended the Northfield Mount Hermon School and Stanford University. Before finishing his studies at Stanford, Ackerman dropped out to become a carpenter. Ackerman had composed some pieces of music for a performance of Romeo and Juliet at Stanford. In 1975, without having played a ``paying gig'' ``(a) group of friends and informal fans got together and collected about $300 in five dollar bills to send me into a recording studio. I picked a studio out of the phone book named Mantra Studios (it was the 70s after all!) . I walked into that room and made a record I called The Search for the Turtle's Navel in two afternoons.'' (William Ackerman, liner notes for Returning, 2005).
Josh Santana obtained his college degree at the Far Eastern University (FEU), Manila. He represented his university in an International Student Congress held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia in 2005 and in 2006, was elected as the President of the FEU-Central Student Council. He graduated in 2007 and named with 12 others as an Outstanding Senior Student out of 6000 FEU graduates of 2007.
Erick Swenson (born Phoenixville, Pennsylvania, 1972) is an American artist and sculptor living and working in Dallas, Texas. He earned a B.F.A. in Studio Art, Painting and Drawing, from the School of Visual Arts, University of North Texas, in 1999.
Leslie Scalapino (July 25, 1944 -- May 28, 2010) was a United States poet, experimental prose writer, playwright, essayist, and editor, sometimes grouped in with the Language poets, though she felt closely tied to the Beat poets. A longtime resident of California's Bay Area, she earned an M.A. in English from the University of California at Berkeley. Among her works, Scalapino is the author of way (North Point Press, 1988), a long poem which won the Poetry Center Award, the Lawrence Lipton Prize, and the American Book Award.
Kroll was born in the town of Frankenstein in the Prussian Province of Silesia. Having studied in Breslau (and Berlin), he obtained his Ph.D. in 1891. Afterwards he worked as a teacher and in 1894 was appointed a Privatdozent at the Breslau university. In 1899 he obtained a chair at the University of Greifswald. He moved to Münster in 1906 and returned to Breslau in 1913, where he was offered the chair of his former colleague Franz Skutsch.
Jerry Pate was born in Macon, Georgia. He attended the University of Alabama, where he played on the golf team. Pate had a distinguished amateur career. He won the U.S. Amateur in 1974, and the following year he was a member of victorious U.S. teams at the Walker Cup and the Eisenhower Trophy. He was also the low amateur at the 1975 U.S. Open.
9 songs from Bruce Springsteen & the E Street Band's ``Live/1975-85'' album were recorded at the Roxy in the mid-late 1970's. Warren Zevon's live album, Stand in the Fire, was recorded during five shows he played at The Roxy in 1980. The Red Hot Chili Peppers played their first show with drummer Chad Smith, at the venue on January 22, 1989. NOFX's live album I Heard They Suck Live!! was recorded here on January 8--9, 1995. Michel Polnareff's live album, Live at the Roxy, was recorded in 1995 and released in 1996. Social Distortion released a live album, entitled Live At The Roxy on June 30, 1998, that contained material recorded on April 7--9, 1998.
Patrick Huskinson was born the son of Colonel C. J. Huskinson, who commanded the local Territorial Army Regiment. The younger Huskinson attended Harrow School before entering RMC Sandhurst as a Gentleman Cadet. Upon graduation, he was commissioned into the Sherwood Foresters.
Bobst Boy is the nickname of Steven Stanzak (born January 25, 1984), a New York University student who spent eight months living in the basement of the school's Bobst Library from September 2003 to April 2004.
Matt's Law was named in memory of Matt Carrington, a 21-year-old California State University, Chico student from Concord, California. Carrington died in the basement of a fraternity house located two blocks from campus.
Duncan was born in Valparaiso, the son of the shipper David Duncan and his wife Catherine Williamson. The family moved to Cheshire and Duncan was educated at Amersham Hall and Trinity College, Cambridge. He was called to the bar in 1883 and became a barrister of the Inner Temple. In 1890 he was elected as Member of Parliament for Barrow-in-Furness which had been briefly his father's seat. However he lost the seat two years later in 1892.
Angus Reid (born December 17, 1947) is the CEO of Vision Critical and the company's public affairs division, Angus Reid Public Opinion. He has been the recipient of a Canada Council Doctoral Fellowship, the Entrepreneur of the Year award for the Pacific Region in the ``''services`` Category, and was inducted into the Marketing Hall of Legends in 2010. In 1996 he received an honorary Ll.D. degree from the University of Manitoba
Jurij Moskvitin grew up in Denmark; his mother a Russian aristocrat and his father was a Danish civil engineer. After World War II he studied at The Royal Danish Academy of Music in Copenhagen. He then obtained a master's degree in Philosophy at the University of Copenhagen.
Chaudhry Wajahat Hussain, also known as ``Commander Gujrat'', son of Chaudhry Zahoor Elahi, was born in 1960 in Gujrat. He is a graduate of George Washington University in USA where he completed a Bachelors degree in Political Science. For his primary and high school, he attended the Aitchison College Lahore, where many Pakistani businessmen and politicians have attended.
Born in London, England to a Barbadian father, who is a playwright, and British-Jamaican mother, who is an actress, Kinch began playing saxophone at the age of nine after learning clarinet at Allfarthing Primary School, Wandsworth, SW London. He then moved to Birmingham where he attended West House Primary School in Edgbaston beginning a long association with Britain's second city. After meeting Wynton Marsalis four years later he discovered and became passionate about jazz, first concentrating on piano and later, in his teens, focusing on alto saxophone. He attended Bromsgrove School, Worcestershire, from the age of 13 through to completing his A levels at 18.
Nikolay Lanceray was a son of sculptor Eugene Lanceray (senior, 1848--1886) and Yekaterina Benois (daughter of architect Nikolay Benois). Father died when Nikolay was six; he and five his siblings were raised by the Benois family and lived most of their childhood at grandfather's Saint Petersburg place. Lanceray completed high school in 1898 and joined the Imperial Academy of Arts, where his illustrious uncle Leon Benois chaired one of three architectural workshops. Lanceray graduated from the Academy in 1904.
Steve Cash received his undergraduate education at the University of Missouri, where he was a member of the Zeta Phi chapter of Beta Theta Pi. He was a founding member of the Ozark Mountain Daredevils and, with the exception of a brief period away from the band in the early 1980s, has remained an active member of the band for nearly forty years.
Blair was born in 1741 in Fagg's Manor, near Cochranville, Chester County, Pennsylvania, the son of a Presbyterian minister also named Samuel Blair. He graduated from The College of New Jersey in 1760 and was licensed to preach in 1764. A conscientious and eloquent minister, he became pastor of the Old South Church in Boston in 1766. In 1767, at the age of twenty-six, he was offered the presidency of the College of New Jersey (now Princeton University) but voluntarily stepped aside when John Witherspoon (later a signatory of the Declaration of Independence) became available. Blair remained at the Old South Church until 1769, when he resigned his charge because of ill health. He then made his residence at Germantown, Pennsylvania, where he devoted the rest of his life to study. In 1790 he earned the degree of Doctor of Divinity from the University of Pennsylvania, and was appointed Chaplain in Congress on December 10, 1790, a position he held for two years until the election of Ashbel Green on November 5, 1792. Blair died in September 1818.
Chris Henderson (born April 7, 1984) is a Canadian Country Musician. He is the lead singer of the Chris Henderson Band which formed in 2007. He was born in Estevan, Saskatchewan, where he grew up. His debut album, Follow the Signs, was released across Canada on September 28, 2008. Chris attended the University of Regina, studying in the Faculty of Education. He convocated in 2006.
The son of a Unitarian minister, Bowman Malcolm was born at Chester in north-west England. Following the death of his father at an early age, however, the family returned to its roots in Belfast. He was educated at the Royal Belfast Academical Institution (RBAI) and Belfast Royal Academy (BRA).
Rory Carroll is an Irish journalist for The Guardian. Born in Dublin, Carroll is a graduate of Blackrock College, Trinity College and Dublin City University. He reported for the paper from Rome (1999--2002) and Johannesburg (2002--2005), before volunteering to work in Baghdad from January 2005.
Mike Gottfried (born December 17, 1944) is a sportscaster and former American football player and coach. Gottfried is currently a college football color analyst and color commentator for ESPN. He served as the head football coach at Murray State University (1978--1980), the University of Cincinnati (1981--1982), the University of Kansas (1983--1985), and the University of Pittsburgh (1986--1989), compiling a career college football record of 76--55--4. Gottfried played college football at Morehead State University as a quarterback from 1962 to 1965. Before moving to the college coaching ranks, he coached high school football in Ohio, tallying a mark of 50--19--1. Gottfried is the uncle of Mark Gottfried, the current head men's basketball coach at North Carolina State University.
The end of the 2001 season saw George O'Leary entertain a coaching offer from Notre Dame after Bob Davie announced resignation as Irish head coach. O'Leary was eventually awarded the position, but it was revoked shortly thereafter when Notre Dame discovered that O'Leary had fabricated several aspects of his resume. He claimed to have played three years for the University of New Hampshire and to have attained a Master's degree from New York University; in actuality, he had attended NYU but did not graduate, and he never played a down of New Hampshire football. Following O'Leary's departure, Mac McWhorter was named interim head coach for Georgia Tech's bowl game, a victory over Stanford in the 2002 Seattle Bowl. The following spring, Chan Gailey was hired to replace O'Leary as Georgia Tech's head coach.
Born in 1951 in Washington, D.C., Russ Warren began his studies under Earl Staley at the University of St. Thomas in Houston from 1969 to 1971 and finished his B.F.A. at the University of New Mexico in 1973. His earliest paintings reveal a dedicated study of the early Modernists, such as Cézanne, Kirchner, Matisse, and, especially, Picasso. Still Life with Hands (1971) displays an impressive mastery of these influences. The cutouts of the artist's own hands, placed centrally within and over newspaper clippings of the day points to an autobiographical component that will resurface periodically in his work. In 1981, Eva Hesse noticed this in her review of his first solo show in New York, calling the works ``private autobiographical paintings that create a mystique of the self.''
Cal Rossi was an American football running back who played at the University of California, Los Angeles. He is the only football player to be selected twice in the NFL Draft. He was first drafted in the first round (ninth overall) of the 1946 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins. This is considered to be one of the biggest blunders in NFL Draft history because Rossi was a junior, and was not draft eligible. He was again chosen in the first round of the 1947 NFL Draft by the Redskins, but he never played football professionally.
Abul Barkat was born at village Babla in Bharatpur Thana of Murshidabad, Bengal (now in India) and migrated to Bangladesh (the then East Pakistan) in 1948. Barkat was the son of Shamsuddin. He passed his matriculation from Talibpur High School in 1945 and passed the intermediate from the Berhampore Krishnath College in 1947, as a student of the University of Calcutta. He came to East Bengal after the partition of India in 1948, and resided at his uncle's house named ``Bishnupria Bhaban''. In the same year he got admitted to Dhaka University to study political science. He received his honors in 1951 where he stood fourth in the second class. He was a Masters student of the University of Dhaka.
William Cochran, born at Strathearn in Clydesdale, in 1738, received bis first instruction at the Academy of Painting at Glasgow, founded by the two celebrated printers, Robert and Andrew Foulis. About 1761 he went to Italy and studied under Gavin Hamilton, and on his return to Glasgow about 1766 he practised portrait painting both in oil and miniature. Some pieces from fable, executed by him when at Rome, are to be found in Glasgow. He was a modest artist, and never exhibited his works, nor put his name to them. He died at Glasgow in 1785, and was buried in the cathedral, where a monument was erected to his memory.
Vishwas Patil was born on 28 November 1959, in Dist. Kolhapur, Maharashtra, In 1975, while studying in Xth Standard, he wrote his first short story ``Kayada'' (Law), about the misery of women in rural areas, sent it for a short story competition and came out third in Maharashtra state He graduated in English Literature from New College, Kolhapur, went on to do his Master's, again in English Literature from Shivaji University, Kolhapur and took a law degree too. He then passes Maharashtra Public Service Commission's examination and was directly appointed in the provincial services as a Deputy Collector and subsequently became as I.A.S. officer. Wherever his service took him he has had the opportunity to see the life of the people at all levels. The creative artist in him saw to it that the wealth of experience thus gained has been refined and preserved for posterity in his supreme artistic achievements. Widely translated into almost all languages of India, Patil's novels appeal to the masses as well as the connoisseur.
Sir George Douglas Robb (1899--1974) was a New Zealand surgeon, medical reformer, writer, and university chancellor. He was educated at the Auckland Grammar School and at the University of Otago (MB ChB). Robb had a reputation as something of a maverick and a rebel against the conventional medical establishment, as is discussed in a chapter in Brian Easton's book The Nationbuilders.
The 2011 Vanderbilt Commodores football team represents Vanderbilt University during the 2011 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Commodores played their seven home games at Vanderbilt Stadium at Dudley Field in Nashville, Tennessee, which has been Vanderbilt football's home stadium since 1922. The team's head coach is James Franklin, who is in his first year at Vanderbilt. Hired at Vanderbilt on December 17, 2010, he was previously the offensive coordinator and ``head coach in waiting'' at the University of Maryland. Vanderbilt has been a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC) since the league's inception in 1932, and has participated in the conference's Eastern Division since its formation for the 1992 season. Vanderbilt completed the 2011 regular season with an overall record of 6--6 and a mark of 2--6 in conference play, finishing in a tie with Kentucky for fourth place in the SEC East. The seniors on the 2011 Vanderbilt football team became the first class in program history to qualify for a bowl game twice.
In the fall of 1947, Sherman White matriculated at Villanova University. It did not take long for him to rethink his decision to attend. Villanova was a Catholic school, and at the time no other African Americans were in attendance. White did not feel comfortable. Additionally, the physical education major that he had been promised was not even an option. In his six months at the school, White received two Cs, two Ds and one F before dropping out and moving back to Englewood.
Amir Farid studied with Professor Ronald Farren-Price at University of Melbourne, from 1995 until 2004 when he graduated with Honours. Between 2003 and 2005 he attended the Australian National Academy of Music, where he worked with Rita Reichman, Geoffrey Tozer and Timothy Young.
Larry Strong is an award-winning director, writer and producer. He is a graduate of Long Island University C.W. Post Campus where he majored in film and theatre. He and his partner Kevin Arbouet are noted for directing the viral video, ``I Got a Crush... on Obama''. In 2009, Larry Strong produced the independent feature film ``Last Day of Summer'' with Actors Nikki Reed and DJ Qualls.
Cyril Chauquet was educated in the United-States and in Europe. He graduated from Webster University with a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration in 1997. Cyril Chauquet then became a consultant and a business developer of Intranet and Internet solutions at Himalaya Communications in Europe, from 1998 to 2002, extensively traveling for business between North America and Europe.
The events spread throughout the Viceroyalty of New Spain and was found at fairgrounds, racetracks, fiestas, and festivals in nineteenth century southwestern areas that now comprise the United States. However, unlike the roping, riding, and racing, this contest never attracted a following among Anglo cowboys or audiences. It is however a favorite event included in the charreada, the style of rodeo which originated in the Mexican state of Jalisco. There would probably be no steer wrestling at all in American rodeo were it not for a black cowboy from Texas named Bill Pickett who devised his own unique method of bulldogging steers. He jumped from his horse to a steer's back, bit its upper lip, and threw it to the ground by grabbing its horns. He performed at local central Texas fairs and rodeos and was discovered by an agent, who signed him on a tour of the West with his brothers. He received sensational national publicity with his bulldogging exhibition at the 1904 Cheyenne Frontier Days. This brought him a contract with the famous 101 Ranch in Oklahoma and its traveling Wild West exhibitions, where he spent many years performing in the United States and abroad.
Matt Glass is a photographer living in Utah. He received his Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from Weber State University and is currently an MFA candidate at the Cranbrook Academy Of Art
Sir Ralph Kilner Brown, OBE, TD, DL (28 August 1909 -- 15 June 2003). Born in Calcutta, he was educated at Kingswood School and Trinity Hall, Cambridge he was commissioned into the Royal Army Service Corps in 1939, served on Field Marshal Montgomery's staff planning the Normandy landings and later became a High Court judge. He was a British 440 yards hurdles champion but missed the 1936 Summer Olympics, where his brother Godfrey and sister Audrey both won medals, due to injury.
Stuart was born in Winnetka, Illinois on April 26, 1916, the son of R. Douglas Stuart. His grandfather, Robert Stuart was one of the founders of the Quaker Oats Company. He was educated at Princeton University, graduating with a B.A. in 1937. He then attended Yale Law School.
Josh Williams attended Foothill High School in Tustin, California and moved on to the Arizona State University. Williams now fights for the Ultimate Fighting Championships with Team Armedarsenal.com under the instruction of jujitsu practitioner Luciano Banaderas and boxing coach Franklin Majjadero.
Jason Odell Williams is an actor, writer, and director from Columbia, Maryland. Jason received his BA from the University of Virginia and his MFA from the Actors Studio Drama School in New York. Jason currently lives in Manhattan with his wife, actress and singer Charlotte Cohn, and their daughter, Imogen.
Muriel Duckworth enrolled as a full-time student at Union Theological Seminary in 1929. She was also registered as a part-time UTS field student and worked with poor teenage girls at a community church in Hell's Kitchen on New York's West Side. Duckworth met these 16-and-17-year-old working-class girls twice a week in a recreation group and in a Sunday School class. She also visited their homes gaining first-hand knowledge of the conditions experienced by working-class immigrants who lived in cramped, windowless flats beside ``booming and clattering'' elevated trains. In her academic studies, Duckworth learned about the Social Gospel movement which strove to improve people's lives through social services and adult education at a time when the Great Depression was just beginning. Her teachers at UTS included Harry Ward, a socialist who campaigned for civil and political rights and the noted theologian Reinhold Niebuhr. ``The Social Gospel and pacifism were linked in my mind,'' Duckworth said adding that she remembered hearing about Eugene V. Debs ``a labour hero who had gone to prison for opposition to the First World War and who ran for president of the U.S. while he was in jail.''
Robert Henry Day was born in Ravenna, Stark County, Ohio to Luther Day and his second wife, Ellen L. Barnes Day. Luther Day was a judge on the Ohio Supreme Court at that time. He attended public schools, and graduated from Western Reserve Academy at Hudson, Ohio in 1884. He attended the University of Michigan for two years and graduated from the Cincinnati Law School in 1891. In June, 1933, the University of Cincinnati awarded him the honorary degree of Doctor of Laws. He was admitted to the bar in Ohio in 1891, and to the U. S. Supreme Court bar in 1898.
William Kelso Morrill (Dec. 13, 1903 -- Apr 11, 1968) was a college lacrosse player and coach. He served as the head lacrosse coach at his alma mater, Johns Hopkins University from 1935 to 1950, where he won two Wingate Memorial trophies representing the National lacrosse title. Morrill also served as an executive and head of official for the United States Intercollegiate Lacrosse Association. He was inducted into the National Lacrosse Hall of Fame in 1978.
Neil Klugman (Richard Benjamin) is a highly intelligent, working class army veteran and graduate of Rutgers University who earns a living as a library clerk. He falls in love with Brenda Patimkin (Ali MacGraw), a wealthy student at Radcliffe College who is at home for the summer. They face obstacles from Brenda's family (particularly her mother), due to differences in class and assimilation into the American mainstream. More imposing conflicts include morality and propriety differences related to the premarital sex and the possibilities of ill-timed pregnancies.
The story is told from the point of view of the narrator, Neil Klugman. Neil is an intelligent graduate of Rutgers University who works in a low paying position in the Newark Public Library. He lives with his Aunt Gladys and Uncle Max in a working class neighborhood of Newark, New Jersey. One summer, Neil meets and falls in love with Brenda Patimkin, a student at Radcliffe College who is from a wealthy family living in the affluent suburb of Short Hills. The novella explores the level of classism which afflicts the relationship, despite the fact that Brenda's father, Ben, originally came from the same environment as Neil. The issue of assimilation is intrinsic as well, since Brenda is much more assimilated than Neil. The title, Goodbye, Columbus refers to a record Brenda's brother listens to about his years as an athlete at Ohio State University, further proof of the Patimkins' success at assimilation. As the book proceeds, Neil finds that their relationship is falling apart. It is finally realized that Neil and Brenda's relationship is not based on love but lust. Thus, the title may be seen as a metaphor for Neil saying goodbye to the affluent, assimilated world of the Patimkins.
Malcolm Caldwell was born in Scotland, the son of a coal miner. He obtained degrees from University of Nottingham and University of Edinburgh. He did two years' national service in the British army, becoming a sergeant in the Army Education Corps. In 1959 he joined the School of Oriental and African Studies at the University of London as a Research Fellow. Although he met with conservative opposition within the School, he remained on its faculty throughout his life. As well as being an academic, he was an energetic and committed radical political activist. He was dedicated to criticising Western imperialism and American capitalist imperialism in particular. He was a founding editor of the Journal of Contemporary Asia, a journal concerned with revolutionary movements in Asia. In 1978 Caldwell was one of the Labour Party candidates in St Mary's ward in local elections in Sidcup, Bexley.
ATF Sinner (born Adam Buszko April 19, 1975 in Warsaw), also known as Adam The First Sinner - Polish musician, vocalist, composer and multi-instrumentalist. He graduated in psychology at the University of Warsaw.
Armand Zildjian attended Colgate University, and served with the United States Coast Guard in the Pacific during World War II. After the war, he returned to his father's factory in Norwell, Massachusetts, where, with the help of such music business stars as Chick Webb and Gene Krupa, he revolutionized the cymbals business by adding them to drum sets and making them thinner.
Erin Manning is a Canadian cultural theorist and political philosopher as well as a practicing artist in the areas of dance, fabric design, and interactive installation. Manning's research spans the fields of art, political theory, and philosophy. She received her Ph.D in Political Philosophy from University of Hawaii in 2000. She currently teaches in the Concordia University Fine Arts Faculty.
Massimo Porrati (born in Genova, Italy, in 1961) is a professor of physics, and a member of the Center for Cosmology and Particle Physics, at New York University. He graduated from the Scuola Normale Superiore di Pisa, Italy with a ``Diploma di Scienze'' degree in 1985. Later he worked as a postdoctoral fellow at UCLA and UC Berkeley in the USA. He was a research scientist at the INFN section in Pisa, Italy, in collaboration with CERN, before joining NYU in 1992. His major research interests are String Theory, Supersymmetry and Supergravity, Nonperturbative Aspects of Strings and Quantum Field Theory, and Cosmology.
Steve Capus was born in 1963. He graduated from William Tennent High School in Warminster, Pennsylvania and went on to attend Temple University, graduating with a Bachelor of Arts in journalism in 1986. Capus began his journalism career in radio and print, working at several stations and daily newspapers in the Philadelphia area. He worked at WCAU-TV in Philadelphia in 1986, and became an executive producer with KYW-TV in Philadelphia in 1990. Capus moved to Charlotte, N.C. in 1993, joining the NBC News team as the senior producer of NBC Nightside, an overnight news program.
Elliott Colla is an American academic, translator and author specializing in Arabic literature and culture. He studied at the University of California, Berkeley, completing his Bachelor's degree in 1989 and subsequently a PhD in comparative literature in 2000. He is currently Associate Professor and Chair of the Department of Arabic and Islamic Studies at Georgetown University.
Born as Susan Jean Engledow in Dallas, Texas to Gene and Dorothy Lanier Engledow, she moved to New York City to pursue an acting career in 1967 where she attended New York University. After appearing in numerous off Broadway productions, TV commercials, and indie films in which she appeared as Jean Lanier, she relocated to Los Angeles in 1974.
Eugene Webb is Professor Emeritus in the Henry M. Jackson School of International Studies at the University of Washington. Webb holds a Ph.D., in Comparative Literature from Columbia University (1965), an M.A. in English Literature from Columbia University (1962) and also a B.A., in Philosophy from the University of California, Los Angeles (1960). Webb was a member of the faculties of both the Comparative Literature Department and the Henry M. Jackson School of International Studies, where he served as Associate Director and chaired programs in both Comparative Religion and European Studies (1994). Webb was also the founder of those two programs: Comparative Religion in 1974, and European Studies in 1994. He retired from the University of Washington in 2000, where he now has the title Professor Emeritus of International Studies.
James Jessop (born 1974) is a British contemporary artist. He trained at The Royal College of Art and Coventry University. He lectures at City and Guilds of London Art School.
John Mitchel Owen Carney, known as Bam Carney (born September 30) is the Republican member of the Kentucky House of Representatives from District 51 (Taylor and Adair counties, Carney succeeded the retiring Republican Representative Russ Mobley, who was first elected in 2000. Both Carney and Mobley have backgrounds in education, Carney as a basketball coach in area public schools, and Mobley at Campbellsville University in Campbellsville, where he supervised theatre arts for more than two decades. A native of the Yuma/Speck Ridge community, Carney is the son of June Gabehart Carney and the late Don Carney of Elk Horn. His maternal grandparents were the late W.J. ``Bug'' Gabehart and the former Irene Eastridge of Casey Creek. His paternal grandparents were Stanley, Jr., and Christine Carney of Columbia, the seat of Adair County. Carney attended elementary school at Knifley and then graduated from Taylor County High School in Campbellsville. In 1991, he received a bachelor of arts degree in history from Berea College in Berea, with an emphasis in political science. He later earned teacher certification from Campbellsville University and a Master of Arts degree in educational instructional leadership from Eastern Kentucky University in Richmond. Carney is married to the former Jenifer Martin (born May 1, 1968), originally from Springfield. The couple has two sons. He is a member of Living Grace Church. Carney, now a former coach, teaches social studies at Taylor County High School in Campbellsville while he simultaneously serves in the part-time state legislature. He was previously a social studies teacher and head basketball coach at Washington County High School in Springfield in Washington County. Previously, he worked for five years for the Campbellsville Municipal Water Department. In a news release announcing his candidacy, Carney said that he would concentrate his endeavors on public schools, higher education, health care, the infrastructure, and jobs creation. He pledged to build a strong relationship with area state Senators Vernie McGaha and Dan Kelly. He promised to work to bring several local projects to fruition. Carney said that he would form an advisory team of both Democrats and Republicans from both Adair and Taylor counties.
Erik Olin Wright, born on 9 February 1947 in Berkeley, California, received two BAs (from Harvard College in 1968, and from Balliol College in 1970), and the PhD from University of California, Berkeley, in 1976. Since that time, he has been a professor of sociology at University of Wisconsin - Madison.
He is the son of former Yale University president and Major League Baseball commissioner A. Bartlett Giamatti and older brother of Academy Award-nominated actor Paul Giamatti. He attended The Foote School, Hopkins School, Bowdoin College in Brunswick, Maine, where he was a member of Delta Kappa Epsilon Fraternity, and finally Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut. He is a graduate of the Yale School of Drama, where he received the Carole Dye Award for Excellence in Acting.
While on the state board of education, from 2004 to 2007, Middleton ran a non-profit management firm, Karen Middleton & Associates, working with clients including the Institute of International Education, the Colorado Children's Campaign and Up with People, focusing on education-related projects. She also taught political science part-time at Community College of Aurora, and completed a second masters degree, in higher education policy, from the University of Denver, in 2007.
Professor Sean Mackey was born in Dolla, Co Tipperary, Ireland in 1917. Having attended Mount Saint Joseph College in Roscrea, he entered University College Dublin where he obtained a BE Civil Engineering degree and BSc degree. He subsequently went on to get a Masters Degree in UCD before marrying Elizabeth Ann (Lilian) Mullaney and moving to England where he secured a job with the construction steelmaker Dorman Long.
Randy Reese was born in Daytona Beach, Florida in 1946. He attended Mainland High School in Daytona Beach, and was a member of the Mainland Buccaneers swim team. After graduating from Mainland, he attended Florida State University in Tallahassee, Florida, where he swam for coach Bim Stultz's Florida State Seminoles swimming and diving team in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) competition from 1965 to 1967. In college, Reese was primarily an individual medley swimmer. During his senior year at Florida State, he was diagnosed with a heart murmur and switched from swimming to coaching Stultz's freshman team, and Reese discovered his life's calling.
David Monro was born in Edinburgh, the grandson of Alexander Monro tertius, professor of anatomy at the University of Edinburgh, whose own father, Alexander Monro secondus (1733--1817), and grandfather, Alexander Monro primus (1697--1767), had both filled the same position. David Monro was educated at the University of Glasgow, where he was influenced by Edmund Law Lushington to become a classical scholar. In 1854, he attended Brasenose College, Oxford and, later in the same year transferred to Balliol College, Oxford, where he was a Snell exhibitioner. In 1859, he was elected Fellow of Oriel College, Oxford; although he entered Lincoln's Inn the following year, he became lecturer and then tutor at Oriel. In 1882, he became Provost of the College, and he held this office until his death at Heiden, Switzerland. He also served as Vice-Chancellor of the University of Oxford from 1901 to 1904.
Abhiroop Mukhopadhyay (born May 25, 1974 in New Delhi) is an Indian economist. He is currently an Assistant Professor in the Planning Unit at the Indian Statistical Institute, New Delhi and the Sir Ratan Tata Senior Research Fellow at the Institute of Economiv Growth, Delhi. Abhiroop received his doctorate from Pennsylvania State University in 2004. He also received his Masters in Economics from the Delhi School of Economics in 1997. Abhiroop's previously has been an Academic Visitor at the Asia Research Centre, London School of Economics, London; a Visiting Researcher at the Groupement de Recherche en Economie Quantitative d'Aix Marseille, Marseille and at Universidad Carlos III de Madrid; a Visiting Scientist at the Planning Unit, Indian Statistical Institute, New Delhi; and a Research Associate at the National Institute of Public Finance and Policy.
He graduated from St. Thomas Aquinas in June 2004. He earned All-Broward honors from The Miami Herald and team MVP his senior season. He attended Florida International University and was named First Team All-Sun Belt his junior season. He was also named to the Second Team All-Sun Belt his sophomore year.
Gregory R. Dahlberg was raised in the Minneapolis -- Saint Paul area. After high school, he attended Luther College in Decorah, Iowa, receiving a B.A. in Business Administration and Political Science in 1973. He then attended the American University in Washington, D.C., receiving an M.P.A. in 1976.
William Emery was born on 2 February 1825 in London. He was educated at the City of London School, where he was the first boy to enter the new school in 1837 and became the first Times scholar at Cambridge. Admitted to Corpus Christi College, Cambridge in 1843, he graduated BA as 5th Wranger in 1847. He was ordained in 1849 and was Fellow, Dean, Bursar and Tutor of his old college until 1865.
According to his biographical page on the State of California's court information website, he was appointed as a judge to California's Superior Court in 1985 by former Governor George Deukmejian and served there until being appointed to the Court of Appeal by the same governor in 1990. He received a B.S. from Bradley University in 1959 and his legal degree from the University of Illinois College of Law in 1961. Prior to being named to the bench he served in the U.S. Marine Corps between 1960 and 1965, reaching the rank of captain. He had a private law practice in Orange County, California between 1965 and 1985 and was an elected member of the Irvine City Council between 1976 and 1985, serving as mayor for four years during that period.
Mahmoud Khatami grew up in Tehran. Showing an early interest in humanities, he attended the Seminary of Islamic Studies which gained him the traditional degree of Ijtihad, the highest level in Islamic religious and theological learning. Concurrently, he attended the University of Tehran to pursue his secular education for both a BA and MA in philosophy, a MTh in Islamic theology, and finally a PhD in philosophy. Afterwards, he continued his post-graduate studies in University of Durham, England, where he was awarded his second PhD and post- doc.
Howard attended Stagedoor Manor, a performing arts camp in upstate New York, with actress Natalie Portman. After graduating from high school, she studied at New York University's (NYU) Tisch School of the Arts for three years, during which time she also attended the Stella Adler Conservatory, The Experimental Wing, and International Theatre Wing in Amsterdam. During her schooling, she took part in the concept recording of the Broadway-bound musical A Tale of Two Cities. She graduated with her BFA in Drama in 2003. Howard is also an alumna of the Steppenwolf Theatre Company's School at Steppenwolf in Chicago, and of The Actors Center in New York City. During her time in New York, Howard was also a member of downtown theater company Theater Mitu, in residence at New York Theatre Workshop, who are known for their exploration of theatrical forms. When she had applied to drama schools she dropped her last name to avoid special treatment because of her father. She later had second thoughts because her first and middle name combined made her sound like a porn star.
Barney Pell (born March 18, 1968 in Hollywood, California) is co-founder and CTO of Powerset. Pell received his bachelor of science degree in symbolic systems from Stanford University in 1989, where he graduated Phi Beta Kappa and was a National Merit Scholar. Pell received a Ph.D. in computer science from Cambridge University in 1993, where he was a Marshall Scholar. He has worked at NASA, as chief strategist and vice president of business development at StockMaster.com (acquired by Red Herring in March, 2000) and at Whizbang! Labs. Prior to joining Powerset, Pell was an Entrepreneur-in-Residence at Mayfield Fund, a venture capital firm in Silicon Valley. Pell is also a founder of Moon Express, Inc., a U.S. company awarded a $10M commercial lunar contract by NASA and a competitor in the Google Lunar X PRIZE.
Troy A. Paredes graduated from the University of California at Berkeley with a bachelor's degree in economics in 1992. He went on to receive his J.D. from Yale Law School in 1996.
Bob Parlocha was born in Vallejo, California in 1938, to a Filipino father and a half-black, half-Filipino mother. His mother was a fan of big band music (especially Count Basie and Duke Ellington), and introduced him to jazz at an early age. He grew up listening to former KJAZ owner Pat Henry (broadcasting at that time on KROW in San Francisco); and to Jerry Dean, who hosted a weekly KJAZ show from Vallejo. Contributing his voice as an announcer for road bands while still in his teens, Bob played tenor and soprano saxophones, as well as flute for his high school band. He graduated from Vallejo High School in 1956.
Muhammad Asim Butt obtained a master's degree in philosophy from Government College University, Lahore, Pakistan. He started his career as a journalist but soon shifted to the development sector as human rights activist. Most recently, he is working with Pakistan Academy of Letters, Govt. of Pakistan as Editor of quarterly Adabiyaat, a reputed literary magazine. He lives in Islamabad, Pakistan.
The office of Governor of the separate colony of North Carolina was first recognized in 1712 when Edward Hyde received his commission from the Lords Proprietors.
Elmer Brown Mason, graduated from Yale College in 1906, and became an entomologist for the now-defunct Bureau of Entomology (USDA) in 1910. In addition, he was a seasoned world traveler. In 1915, his fantastic stories of scientists hunting rare species in the remote corners of the world started appearing. Of note were the five stories featuring swamp-guide, Wandering Smith, in The Popular Magazine, especially ``The Golden Anaconda''; and the variety of tales in All-Story Weekly, highlighted by the horror-filled lost-race novelette ``Black Butterflies,'' set in Borneo, and its sequel, ``Red Tree-Frogs.''
Charlie Waller (November 26, 1921 -- September 5, 2009) was an American Professional Football head coach for the San Diego Chargers from 1969, the last season of the American Football League, to 1970, the first season of the merged National Football League. His total coaching record at the end of his career was 9 wins, 7 losses and 3 ties. Waller was offensive backfield coach and took over for Chargers head coach Sid Gillman on November 14, 1969 after Gillman's resignation due to poor health, Gilman remained as General Manager. After Gillman's health improved he was named Charger head coach on December 30, 1970 and Waller offensive coach. He is a 1942 graduate of Oglethorpe University and a 1980 inductee in its Athletic Hall of Fame. He was head football coach at Decatur, Georgia High School in the 1940s. In 1951 he joined Ralph Jordan's staff as offensive backfield coach at Auburn University.
Robert P. Scharlemann is a radical theologian best known for his theological works on the being of God and as an interpreter of Paul Tillich. Scharlemann taught at the University of Iowa and the University of Virginia.
John Langford is a computer scientist, working as a senior researcher at Yahoo! Research. He studied Physics and Computer Science at the California Institute of Technology, earning a double bachelor's degree in 1997, and received his Ph.D. from Carnegie Mellon University in 2002. Previously, he was affiliated with the Toyota Technological Institute and IBM's Watson Research Center. He is also the author of the popular Machine Learning weblog, hunch.net.
Son of legendary percussionist Freddie Waits; Nasheet is a New York native who has been active on the jazz scene since early in his life. Before pursuing a music career, he studied psychology and history at Morehouse College in Atlanta. Nasheet also holds a degree from Long Island University in music. While studying at L.I.U, instructor Michael Carvln secured Waits a spot in the percussion ensemble M'Boom, started by drummer Max Roach in 1970. Waits has recorded or performed with a myriad of talented musicians including Fred Hersch, Antonio Hart, Joe Lovano, Jason Moran, Andrew Hill, Bunky Green, William Parker, Eddie Gomez, Casimir Liberski, John Medeski, and Mark Turner. Waits currently resides in New York City
Reverend Dr. Jacob Mayer was a European-born American rabbi who served congregations in the Reform Judaism movement in the late 19th century. He obtained the pulpit in 1874 at Har Sinai Congregation in Baltimore, founded in 1842 and the longest continually functioning congregation adhering to Reform since its inception. Mayer was forced to leave two years later amid charges that he had been an apostate who had converted to Christianity and had been a missionary in Africa, though he vigorously denied the charges.
Amit Trivedi recently did his first live concert at Mood Indigo (IIT Bombay's annual cultural festival), on 23 December 2010. The concert also witnessed Tochi Raina, Amitabh Bhattacharya, Kavita Seth, Nikhil D'Souza, Raja Hasan, Aditi Singh Sharma, Sriram Iyer, etc. performing with him.
Hall was born in Ireland on August 5, 1854, the son of the Rev. John Hall, who later became pastor of the Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church in New York City. Because he was a teenager when the family came to the United States in 1868, he continued to speak English with an Irish accent. In 1875 he was graduated from Princeton University (where he rowed crew), and he received his law degree from Columbia Law School in 1881. He and Susie Hurlbut Scott were married in 1884 or 1888, and they had one daughter, Lois, who later married Gerard P. Herrick.
William B. Langsdorf (1909-2002) was born in Denver, CO but grew up in Pasadena, CA. He completed his B.A. and M.A. degrees at Occidental College and his Ph.D. in history at the University of California, Berkeley. He taught history at Occidental for several years before becoming an administrator at Pasadena City College. He served as assistant principal at Pasadena City College from 1939 to 1950 and then as principal (president) from 1950 to 1959. At the time Langsdorf accepted the appointment as the first president of Orange County State College (January 19, 1959), the institution existed in name only. It had no campus, faculty, administration, or staff.
Michael Archinal attended Marcellin College Randwick from 1973 to 1982. He then studied veterinary science at the Sydney University, graduating in 1987. Since then he has undertaken post-graduate study in dermatology, animal behavior and is a qualified acupuncturist. He completed his preliminary theology certificate in 2006.
Formerly, Rita Donagh taught at the University of Newcastle upon Tyne where she met Richard Hamilton, whom she later married. She also taught at the University of Reading, the Slade School of Art, and Goldsmiths, University of London. In the 1960s and 1970s, her work was largely conceptual with her Irish ancestry contributing to the subject of many works depicting the political siutation in Northern Ireland. Richard Hamilton's influence of collage and oil paint showed up in her works of the 1970s. Later, she focused on the human figure including such work as Slade of 1994. She continued her interest in politics with works such as Downing Street Declaration 1993 which included a Hamilton-esque, televised image of Prime Minister John Major.
Joseph Francis Martino was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to Joseph F. Martino, Sr., and his wife Eleanor Devlin. He has a sister, Eleanor. He studied at Saint Joseph's Preparatory School; St. Charles Borromeo Seminary in Wynnewood; and the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome, from where he obtained his doctorate in ecclesiastical history and licentiate in sacred theology. Martino was ordained to the priesthood by Bishop James Aloysius Hickey on December 18, 1970, in St. Peter's Basilica.
Born around 1670, he was son by his first wife of Thomas Story of Justice Town in the parish of Kirklinton, near Carlisle, and younger brother of George Warter Story. After being educated at the Carlisle grammar school, and acquiring skill in fencing and music, Story read law under Dr. Richard Gilpin at Scaleby Castle, Cumberland. In 1687 he settled in chambers in Carlisle.
In 1907, Charles Harrison Mason formed the Church of God in Christ (COGIC) after his Baptist church expelled him. Mason was a member of the Holiness Movement of the late 19th century. In 1906, he attended the Azusa Street Revival in Los Angeles. Upon his return to Tennessee, he began teaching the Pentecostal Holiness message. However, Charles Price Jones and J. A. Jeter of the Holiness movement disagreed with Mason's teachings on the Baptism of the Holy Spirit.
He received an English education at the Oriental Seminary and the Hindu Metropolitan College, and at an early age devoted himself to journalism. In 1861 he was appointed assistant secretary (and afterwards secretary) to the British Indian Association, a board of Bengal landlords, which numbered among its members some of the most cultured men of the day. At about the same time he became editor of the Hindu Patriot, originally started in 1853 and conducted with ability and zeal by Harish Chandra Mukherjee until his death in 1861. This journal having been transferred by a trust deed to some members of the British Indian Association, it henceforth became to some extent an organ of that body. Thus Kristo Das Pal had rare opportunities for proving his abilities and independence during an eventful career of twenty-two years.
Australian politicians initially resisted ratification of the Statute. John Latham, the Attorney-General and Minister for External Affairs under Prime Minister Joseph Lyons, was particularly opposed to ratifying the Statute, because he thought it would weaken military and political ties with the United Kingdom. Latham had attended both the 1926 Imperial Conference and the 1919 Paris Peace Conference, and he had much experience in international affairs. He preferred that the relationship between the United Kingdom and the Dominions not be codified in legislation.
Daniel Hesidence (b.1975 Akron, Ohio) is an American painter who lives and works in Long Island City, New York. Hesidence received his BFA from the University of Tampa, Florida in 1998, and completed his MFA at Hunter College, New York in 2001. He is currently represented by D’Amelio Terras in New York.
Chris (27 years old) is from Scottsdale, AZ and is a fitness instructor. His official profile states he is ``charismatic, self confident and driven''. He played basketball at the University of Wyoming
Joseph Margulies was born in Vienna, Austria in 1896. He immigrated to the United States at an early age. Margulies studied at the Art Students League of New York with the printmaker Joseph Pennell (1857--1926), from 1922 to 1925. Margulies then continued his studies at the National Academy of Design, Cooper Union in New York City, and at the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris. He also apprenticed with Maynard Waltner in Vienna. Margulies died in 1986.
Rick Lindquist (born 1978) is an American mixed media artist. He was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota and grew up mainly in the southwest suburb of Hopkins, where he graduated from Hopkins High School in 1997. He attended the University of Minnesota from 1997-1999, and later enrolled and attended the College of Visual Arts in St. Paul, Minnesota. His work is currently a part of public and private galleries in more than 12 countries. View Art Porfolio
Plato Malozemoff (1909 -- 1997) was born in Russia and immigrated to the US as a child. He attended the University of California, Berkeley as an undergrad and did his graduate studies at the Colorado School of Mines. He got an entry-level engineering position with Newmont Mining Corporation in 1945. Quickly rising up the corporate ranks, Malozemoff took the helm of the company in 1954. At the time it was valued at $147 million. He expanded it into a $2.3 billion firm via acquisitions and international expansion by the time he left in 1986. He died in 1997.
John McBride attended Houston's High School for the Performing and Visual Arts (HSPVA), after which he studied under the direction of photographer George Krause at the University of Houston. McBride moved to the East Village neighborhood of New York City in 1986 at the age of nineteen and began his photographic career by assisting numerous commercial photographers on shoots in the United States and Europe. He also took courses at the School of Visual Arts and, later, attended Hunter College where he majored in Geography and Energy and Environmental Policy Studies.
Markku Luolajan-Mikkola is a Finnish baroque cellist and viol player. Born in Helsinki, he studied cello with Arto Noras at the Sibelius Academy, where he received his diploma in 1983. Later, an interest in baroque music led him to summer courses wirh Laurence Dreyfus, and afterwards he went on to Royal Conservatory of The Hague where he studied viola da gamba with Wieland Kuijken and baroque cello with Jaap ter Linden, receiving postgraduate diplomas in viola da gamba and baroque cello in 1992.
Graham Goddard studied Fine Arts at the University of Southern California (USC) (Class of 2004, BFA). At USC Goddard explored inverted imagery and developed the Rotating Canvas after being inspired by the paintings of 14th century Italian painter Giuseppe Arcimboldo. Goddard's Rotating Canvas allows the viewer to turn the painting 180 degrees, exposing inverted images within his work. He first introduced the concept in the exhibition ``Flip'' at the Helen Lindhurst Fine Arts Gallery in 2004.
A former team captain at Ohio State, Alysiah (a LYE sha) Bond is in her first season as an assistant coach on the Wisconsin women's basketball staff. Bond comes to Wisconsin after serving as the director of operations for the University of Arizona women's basketball program for the last three seasons. Bond joined the Arizona staff for the 2008-09 season after spending the previous season as an assistant coach at the University of Central Florida. At UCF, Bond was responsible for the development of the perimeter players, scouting and recruiting.
James Milnor Coit (January 31, 1845--1925) was an American teacher, born in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. He was educated at Hobart College, and in 1876, he became master in natural sciences at his alma mater, St. Paul's School in Concord, New Hampshire, where he was appointed vice rector in 1904. In 1909, he was in Europe at the University of Munich, engaged in research work. He later became head of the Coit School for American boys in Munich. His publications include:
Geoffrey McGivern (born 1952) is an English actor in film, radio, stage and television. He was born in Balham, South London and grew up in York. There he attended Archbishop Holgate's School, where he was made Head Boy. He studied at Christ's College, Cambridge, where he was involved in the renowned Footlights society and the Marlowe Society.
John S. Mason was born in Steubenville, Ohio, in the late summer of 1824. His father was a prominent physician who had been a military surgeon during the War of 1812. He was educated in the local schools began his college studies at Kenyon College in Gambier. In the winter of 1842, he transferred to Washington College in Pennsylvania. However, he withdrew when he received an appointment to the United States Military Academy in West Point, New York, on July 1, 1843. He graduated 9th of 38 cadets in the Class of 1847 and was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the 3rd U. S. Artillery. Among his classmates were future Civil War generals A.P. Hill, Henry Heth, John Gibbon, and Ambrose Burnside.
Born in Thornhill, Ontario of Ukrainian descent, Larry Uteck attended Jesuit-run Brebeuf College School in Toronto where he was a football star and Athlete of the Year. He then went to the University of Colorado (1970-73) on scholarship, playing with the Colorado Buffaloes, and then Wilfrid Laurier University (1973-74). Following university, he played with the Toronto Argonauts, BC Lions, Ottawa Rough Riders, and Montreal Alouettes in the Canadian Football League and was named Conference All-Star in 1974, 1975, and 1976. He served his fellow players as their League Representative in 1976.
Born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, the son of Adam Fogo and Alice Hanway, he studied law at Dalhousie University and served in the Canadian Army in World War I. Fogo was called to the Nova Scotia bar in 1924 and practised law in Halifax. He married Helen Louise Fisher in 1927. Fogo was a vice-president and director for Algoma Steel. While making a name for himself in corporate law, he was also active in the Liberal Party, where he became a protégé of William Lyon Mackenzie King. He was appointed co-chairman of the Third National Convention of the Liberal Party in 1948. Reporting this appointment, Time magazine characterized him as ``a reliable worker behind the scenes, whose political gift is to stop bootless quarreling and secure quiet settlements''. Fogo was summoned to the Canadian Senate in 1949, and represented the senatorial division of Carleton, Ontario. Impressed by his relative youth and energy a contemporary newspaper editorialized, ``what the Senate needs is fewer old fogeys and more young Fogos!'' Nevertheless, he died in office in La Malbaie, Quebec just three years later, in 1952. Fogo was survived by his wife (b. 1900) and two children. His legacy is perpetuated by two awards at Dalhousie University, the J. Gordon Fogo Prize for Excellence in Commercial Law, and the J. Gordon Fogo Bursary, a need-based scholarship.
His childhood was spent in Sichuan province, as a result of his parents being displaced to the countryside during the Cultural Revolution. He currently lives in Beijing with his wife and two children. He is a member of the 1985 inaugural class of the Tsinghua School of Economics and Management (Tsinghua SEM), and studied abroad immediately following his graduation. Studying under economic transition scholars Eric Maskin, Andrei Shleifer, and János Kornai, Li received his PhD degree in Economics from Harvard University in 1992. His current research interests are China's macroeconomy, economic development models, international comparisons of economic growth, and China's need to pursue a development pattern fitting with its large economic status.
The Who are ranked #3 on About.com's ``Top 50 Classic Rock Bands''. The Who have seven albums on Rolling Stones 500 Greatest Albums of All Time, more than any other artist with the exceptions of the Beatles, Bob Dylan, the Rolling Stones and Bruce Springsteen. The Who are ranked #2 on Classic Rock's ``50 Best Live Acts of All Time''. The Who were ranked #9 on VH1's ``100 Greatest Artists of all time'' in 1998 and are ranked #13 in 2010. Roger Daltrey and Pete Townshend received the Classic Album Award for Quadrophenia from the Classic Rock Roll of Honour Awards at The Roundhouse, 9 November 2011, in London, England.
As a young girl, Amy Kravitz began making and teaching animation in Yvonne Anderson's famed Yellow Ball Workshop. Amy went on to obtain a B.A. in Social Anthropology from Harvard University, and received an MFA in Experimental Animation from the California Institute of the Arts. During her studies at CalArts, she was mentored under Sky David and Jules Engel. She taught Animation at Harvard and the School of the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, before becoming a professor in the Film Department of the Rhode Island School of Design where she has taught Experimental Animation since the 1980s, and from time-to-time has served as the department chair.
Travis Wear (born September 21, 1990) is an American college basketball player and student athlete at University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA). He played forward for the North Carolina Tar Heels during the 2009-10 season before transferring to UCLA. As a high school athlete, Wear was selected to participate in the 2009 McDonald's All-American Game and played on the 2008 silver medal winning USA Basketball U-18 team at the FIBA U-18 championship tournament where he ranked 29th overall in scoring, 19th in rebounding, 15th in free throw percentage, and 14th in blocked shots. Wear was also selected as a 2009 Parade All-American, a repeat first team all-county member, first team All-Division I-AA member, first team all-league member, 2nd team all-state in 2009, and an all-state sophomore in 2007.
Anirudh Ravichander () is an Indian film composer in the Tamil film industry. He made his debut as a Music Director for the upcoming Tamil film, 3 directed by Aishwarya Dhanush. He is an alumnus of Loyola College, Chennai and Padma Seshadri Bala Bhavan group of schools. He has been inspired by the music of A. R. Rahman. He is the nephew of Latha Rajinikanth.
Born in Ottawa, Fowler initially attended McGill University where he was a member of The Kappa Alpha Society, then earned a B.A. from Queen's University in 1968. In 1969, he began his diplomatic career as a Foreign Service Officer in the Department of External Affairs. Throughout the 1970s he held various postings in Ottawa, Paris, and at UN Headquarters in New York. During his thirty-eight year career in public service, Fowler was the Foreign Policy Advisor to Prime Ministers Trudeau, Turner and Mulroney; Deputy Minister of National Defence; Canada's longest serving Ambassador to the United Nations. While at the UN, he represented Canada on the Security Council in 1999 and 2000 and issued two ground-breaking reports on sanctions-busting in Angola, which cut off UNITA's access to the arms bazaar and led to the end of the civil war which had ravaged Angola for 25 years. He was also Ambassador to Italy and the three Rome-based UN food agencies; Sherpa for the Kananaskis G8 Summit (for which he chaired the creation of the Africa Action Plan); and the personal representative for Africa of Prime Ministers Chrétien, Martin and Harper. Robert Fowler retired from the federal public service in the fall of 2006, and is now a Senior Fellow at the University of Ottawa's Graduate School of Public and International Affairs. Ambassador Fowler is also a member of the Research Steering Committee for the Will to InterveneW2IProject http://migs.concordia.ca/MembersoftheRSC.htm
Born April 7, 1941 in Chicago to Hugo and Lucille (née Ciccone) Di Pasquale, James Di Pasquale is a graduate of St. Mel's High School in Chicago. He graduated from Northwestern University and the Manhattan School of Music. His teachers included David Diamond and Ludmila Uhlela.
Ben Parris graduated from Abraham Lincoln High School in Brooklyn; did coursework in English from Columbia University in the 1980s; received his B.S. in Accounting from Brooklyn College in 1983; graduated from the U.S. Treasury Department's Advanced Business Communications program in 1985; and received his M.S. in Computer Science from Brooklyn College in 1987, passing his CPA exam in the same year.
Charles Ogle (son of Alexander Ogle and uncle of Andrew Jackson Ogle) was born in Somerset, Pennsylvania. He studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1822 and commenced practice in Somerset. He served on the Common Pleas Bench for Lancaster County. He graduated from Washington College (now Washington & Jefferson College) in 1817. Ogle was elected as an Anti-Masonic candidate to the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Congresses. He was reelected as a Whig to the Twenty-seventh Congress and served until his death in Somerset in 1841. His ``Gold Spoon Oration'' (1840) mocked the supposed grandeur of President Martin Van Buren, contributing to the latter's loss to William Henry Harrison later that year. He served as chairman of the United States House Committee on Roads and Canals during the Twenty-sixth Congress.
Vitaly Yakovlevich dreamed of going to GITIS. However, his father insisted that he received a serious education. So after graduating from high school Vitaly Vulf enrolled at the Moscow State University law school. However, owing to Antisemitism, Vitaly Vulf could not obtained a position as a lawyer. For the same reason he failed to obtain admission to the graduate school, in spite of getting straight A's on the admission exams in 1955.
Angelo Pizzo is an American screen writer and film producer, best known for Hoosiers and Rudy. Pizzo grew up in Bloomington, Indiana, the son of a Sicilian immigrant, and attended Indiana University where he received his bachelor degree in political science. He and his family lived in Ojai, California and attended film school at the University of Southern California. He is also a graduate of Indiana University. After living in California for about 30 years, he and his family moved back to Bloomington, IN to raise their kids. He is an avid Indiana University basketball supporter and season ticket holder.
Jennifer Heil is a management and political science student at Desautels Faculty of Management of McGill University in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. Heil is involved in several charities including Right to Play, a sports-based humanitarian agency, and Plan Canada's Because I am a Girl, a program that promotes girls' rights internationally. She has stated that she wishes to continue her efforts in these charities following her retirement. In her spare time, Heil is an avid surfer.
Max McKeown (born in London, October, 1969) is an English writer, consultant, guru and researcher specialising in innovation strategy, leadership and culture. He has written four books and conducts research with Warwick Business School (Young, 2008). He is a fellow of the RSA. He served on the Advisory Board for the Rollins Center for eBusiness. He earned his Masters in Business Administration and Ph.D. from the Warwick Business School.
Rich Apuzzo received a bachelor's degree in geology and meteorology from Valparaiso University in 1984. Following his graduation, Rich worked as a meteorologist in four different cities starting in Fort Wayne, Indiana at WKJG-TV (now known as WISE-TV) in 1986. In April 1987, Rich and his wife Ruthie were married. In 1988 they moved to Austin, Texas and Rich worked for KXAN-TV as a meteorologist until 1990. In early 1990 he began doing weather consulting at Central Weather Service in Wheeling, Illinois. Desiring to return to broadcasting, in January 1991 Rich moved to a Fox start-up (WWCP) in Johnstown, Pennsylvania. In August 1993 he was hired as the first Chief Meteorologist at WXIX-TV as part of a team that started Fox news in Cincinnati where he was the Chief Meteorologist for 13 years prior to being fired. Rich has provided weather forecasts for other radio stations in Ohio. Currently, Rich provides forecasts for snowplow operations in the City of Cincinnati and surrounding townships. He is a consulting meteorologist for the Southwest Ohio Regional Ozone Coalition, providing forecasts and data during smog season. Those efforts have earned him two awards for dedicated service in the past two years. During his career, Rich has earned three local AP/UPI awards for Best Television Weathercast. His expertise includes long-range weather forecasts; and he is the only forecaster in the Ohio Valley creating monthly and seasonal weather outlooks for clients.
Christian Biegai is an award winning film composer, sound designer and saxophonist. He studied music at the Berlin University of the Arts, the Royal College of Music in London and at Rutgers University in New Jersey, United States.
Fanny de Sivers studied humanities and arts at the University of Tartu from (1938 to 1941), left Estonia and moved to Germany in 1941, marrying von Sivers. She studied at the universities of Breslau, Würzburg and Innsbruck and acquired the academic degree of license in Paris and Lund.
Hugo Sigman studied medicine at the University of Buenos Aires (UBA) and undertook his residency in psychiatry at the Araóz Alfaro Hospital, in Lanús, where he was also Head of Residents. He is married to biochemist Silvia Gold, with whom he has three children. Together, they direct the Fundación Mundo Sano, a NGO that, through community work and scientific research, fights diseases transmitted by vectors, such as dengue fever, Chagas disease, hantavirus, leptospirosis and leishmaniasis.
Holm was born Ian Holm Cuthbert in Goodmayes, then in Essex (now in London), to Scottish parents, Jean Wilson (née Holm) and James Harvey Cuthbert. His mother was a nurse, and his father was a psychiatrist who worked as the superintendent of the West Ham Corporation Mental Hospital and was one of the pioneers of electric shock therapy. He had an older brother, Eric, who died in 1943. Holm was educated at the independent Chigwell School in Essex. His parents retired to Mortehoe, Devon and then Worthing where he joined an amateur dramatic society. A visit to the dentist led to an introduction to Henry Baynton, a well-known provincial Shakespearean actor who helped Holm train for admission to the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, where he secured a place in 1949. His studies there were interrupted a year later when he was called up for National Service in the British Army, during which he was posted to Klagenfurt in Austria and attained the rank of Lance Corporal. They were then interrupted a second time when he volunteered to go on an acting tour of the United States in 1952. He finally graduated from RADA in 1953; whilst there he had been offered 'spear-carrying' roles at Stratford and he stayed there for 13 years, soon graduating to more significant roles and abandoning plans to move on after Peter Hall founded the Royal Shakespeare Company in 1960.
Rudolph Wilhelm Meyer was born on April 2, 1826 to Rudolph Heinrich Meyer and Christine Ludewike Sengevald. They lived in the Hanse district of Hamburg, Germany on the estuary of the Elbe River in Schleswig-Holstein, about northwest of Berlin. Meyer graduated from the local Hochschule (technical school) city as a civil engineer specializing in hydraulics and survey work; and he became an employee of the Water Works Department of Hamburg. He left behind a sister named Bertha and two half brothers.
Adrian Lukis, born in 1958 in Birmingham, is an actor who has appeared regularly in British television drama since the late 1980s. He trained at Drama Studio London. His most recent notable appearances have been as Sergeant Douglas 'Doug' Wright in the Police drama series The Bill, and as Marc Thompson in the BBC legal drama Judge John Deed.
Charles Edward Victor Seneviratne Corea was born in Chilaw, Sri Lanka on 29 January 1871 to Charles Edward Bandaranaike Corea, a famous lawyer, and Henrietta Seneviratne. He was the youngest out of five children, three boys and two girls, Charles Edgar Corea, James Alfred Ernest Corea, Agnes Corea and Evangeline Corea. This family was acknowledged to be one of the wealthiest families in the whole of Ceylon. Victor's family was severely affected when Charles Edward Bandaranaike Corea died in 1872, leaving five children of whom the youngest, Victor Corea, was only one year old. The five young children depended on their young, widowed 21-year-old mother to look after them. He attended the prestigious S. Thomas' College, Mount Lavinia, where he excelled in his studies.
Jason Andreas is a 6'10`` American basketball player currently playing basketball professionally in Europe. He played his college ball for Tom Izzo at Michigan State University. He has played professional basketball in Sweden for Akropol BBK, in Portugal for Aviero Basket, in Finland for Kouvot. He is now an extra behind Clyde Drexler and Chad in the latest Alltel commercial.
On 10 April 2008, it was announced that Chip Ganassi Racing and Rahal Letterman Racing would work together to field an entry for Alex, for the 2008 Indianapolis 500 on 25 May 2008. Lloyd was fastest in the rookie tests, but only qualified in 19th place, after having been briefly hospitalized following a heavy accident at . Towards the end of the race he crashed heavily, sliding down the pit road and across several teams' pit bays, all of which were empty. Still without the finance for a full time drive, Lloyd returned to the 2009 Indianapolis 500, racing for Sam Schmidt Motorsports in partnership with Ganassi. Alex was sponsored by HER Energy Drink and wore a hot pink firesuit for the entire month to match his car's distinctive color scheme. This led to Alex being given the nickname ``Pink Lloyd'', after the band Pink Floyd - one of his favorite bands. This and the fact that his wife Samantha was due to give birth to their second daughter on raceday (24 May) brought the Englishman a bit more media attention. With five minutes remaining on Pole Day, Lloyd was able to qualify the car in the 11th position to qualify for his second 500. Lloyd finished 13th after losing a lap early in the race when the car's rear signal light was seen to be broken and Alex's car had to pit for the offending light to be replaced. On 2 June their daughter, Bethany Lloyd, was born. Coincidentally, both Lloyd and fellow Firestone Indy Lights graduate Ed Carpenter had children born within the same week as each other.
Jon Seger is an American evolutionary ecologist, and Distinguished Professor of Biology at the University of Utah. His work has appeared in leading scientific journals such as Nature, Science, Genetics, Molecular Biology and Evolution, Journal of Evolutionary Biology, as well as popular magazines such as Scientific American . Dr. Seger attended UC Santa Barbara for his undergraduate studies, where he received a B.A. in English, and Harvard University, where he received his PhD in Biology. Much of his early work concerned models of sex ratio evolution and a variety of social insects (such as the Vespidae wasps). This work often took the form of mathematical models built from 'first principles' (such as his 1986 paper written with Robert Trivers). He is also the co-author of an influential article on the theory of bet-hedging. His latest work concerns applications of coalescent theory to population genetics, particularly the mtDNA of whale lice, although members of his lab work on a variety of applied and theoretical topics that range from evolutionary ecology and genetics to mathematical biology and coalescent theory. In addition, he recently received an NSF grant to continue his work on the so-called ``missing heritability'' problem. His whale lice work had already shown that a genome should have lots of weakly deleterious mutations of small effect taken on their own but potentially large effect when taken together. This implies that the ``missing'' genes sought by, for example, human geneticists aren't actually missing: there are simply a lot more genes have a very small effect on fitness by themselves but have can have a large effect when the effects are combined.
His school's rivalry was with Bishop O'Dowd High School. Ironically, linebacker Kirk Morrison attended Bishop O'Dowd. The two would later attend San Diego State.
Thain Wendell MacDowell was born in Lachute, Quebec, on September 16, 1890. His early days were spent in the Brockville area, where he was educated at Brockville Collegiate Institute. He later attended the University of Toronto, where he joined the Canadian Officer Training Corps as an Officer Cadet of The Queen's Own Rifles of Canada. After graduating with a Bachelor of Arts in 1914, he enlisted and was commissioned in the 38th (Ottawa) Canadian Infantry Battalion (now perpetuated as The Cameron Highlanders of Ottawa).
In 1951, Mary Fedden married the artist Julian Trevelyan. She went on to teach painting at the Royal College of Art from 1958 to 1964, the first woman tutor to teach in the Painting School. Her pupils included David Hockney and Allen Jones. She subsequently taught at the Yehudi Menuhin School at Cobham in Surrey, from 1965 to 1970.
Nancy Fiddler (born 1956) was an American cross country skier who competed from 1988 to 1993. Competing in two Winter Olympics, she had her best career finish of eighth in the 4 x 5 km relay at Calgary in 1988 and her best individual finish of 25th in the 5 km event at Albertville in 1992.
Errol Morrison is a Jamaican scientist who has done extensive work in diabetes and is president of the University of Technology, Jamaica. He has a medical degree from the Royal University of Malta, a Masters degree from University College London, and a doctorate and two professorships from the University of the West Indies where he served as Pro-Vice Chancellor and Dean of the School of Graduate Studies and Research.
John Gill (23 November 1697 -- 14 October 1771) was an English Baptist pastor, biblical scholar, and theologian who held to a firm Calvinistic soteriology. Born in Kettering, Northamptonshire, he attended Kettering Grammar School where he mastered the Latin classics and learned Greek by age 11. He continued self-study in everything from logic to Hebrew, his love for the latter remaining throughout his life.
Cindy Timchal grew up in Havertown, Pennsylvania, and despite not playing lacrosse in high school, Timchal went on to play on the lacrosse team at West Chester University. While at West Chester, Timchal was also a member of the Tennis and Track and Field teams. After graduating college, Timchal got her first coaching job at Unionville High School, where she was a member of the coaching staff for the lacrosse, field hockey and basketball teams. In 1979, after coaching for two years at Unionville, Cindy Timchal began her college coaching career at The University of Pennsylvania, where she was an assistant for the lacrosse and field hockey teams.
Jaggi Singh (born in 1971 in Toronto, Canada) is one of Canada's most high-profile anti-globalization and social justice activists. He is an anarchist. Singh lives in Montreal where he works with groups such as Solidarity Across Borders (a local migrant-rights organization) and the No One Is Illegal collective, among others. Singh graduated from St. Michael's College School and attended the University of Toronto. He also attended the University of British Columbia.
Francis (Frank) Kinloch Huger, a son of Benjamin Huger and Elizabeth Celestine Pinckney, was born in Norfolk, Virginia in 1837. Like his father, Frank Huger attended the United States Military Academy at West Point. He graduated from west Point in 1860 and was assigned to the 10th U. S. Infantry as a lieutenant. Huger resigned his commission on May 21, 1861 to embrace the Confederate cause.
Country music star Gretchen Wilson attended Greenville High School but did not graduate.
Born as Johanna Eckert, Holm was drawn to music and drama at an early age, so she attended the Institution of Emile Jacques-Dalcroze throughout her childhood and young adult life. At the age of 28, she saw the German expressionist Mary Wigman perform, and decided to continue her dance career at the Wigman School in Dresden where she soon became a member of the company. Mary Wigman and Hanya Holm shared a special bond through movement. Egyptian Dance was said to be the first time Wigman realized the artistic impression Holm was capable of. She had the creative will and ability to shape a choreographic vision into reality. Wigman invited Holm to teach, co-direct the Dresden School, and in her recognition of the opportunity that opening a school in New York could offer the world of dance, eventually sent Holm to launch a Wigman branch in New York City (on September 26, 1931). The initial letters of certification and agreement from Wigman to Holm about the migration over to America to direct the school were found in her house after her death in 1992. These letters were published in Dance, Business, and Politics: Letters from Mary Wigman to Hanya Holm. In the letters the salary was laid out making sure that the transfer would continue to support her son, Klaus, who stayed in Germany, and the letter of agreement signed by both parties ``promises to apply all her strength to the advancement of the New York Wigman School and to conduct the work according to Mary Wigman's ideas ... as well as to see that the M.W. philosophy of dance is implemented faithfully within and outside the New York Wigman School in every possible way''. Holm was not only capable of rising to the challenge of representing the Wigman name and teaching philosophy, she also helped to shape the school and build an influence of her own. Due to the rise of fascism and a need to distance the school from German ties, it became known as the Hanya Holm Studio (1936--1967).
Ellis is mentioned in 1735 re two matches. He played in a single wicket match on Monday, 11 August 1735 for Four of London against Three of London at Kennington Common. On Saturday, 7 June 1735, he was due to play for London versus Surrey at Moulsey Hurst, but had to withdraw because of an injured finger. A contemporary report stated that he was London's ``best bowler'' and he was replaced by Cook of Brentford who was described as ``one of the best bowlers in England''.
J. Ivy attended Illinois State University, where he became known on campus as ``The Poet'' and delved deeper into the art form. After college, J. Ivy returned to Chicago and frequently performed on the local arts circuit there. As his popularity grew, he was eventually asked to come on . He received a standing ovation for his performance of ``I Need to Write'' was invited back for two encore appearances in later seasons.
Great-nephew of the theologian Samuel Hopkins, Mark Hopkins was born in Stockbridge, Massachusetts. He graduated in 1824 from Williams College, where he was a tutor in 1825-1827, and where in 1830, after having graduated in the previous year from the Berkshire Medical College at Pittsfield, he became professor of Moral Philosophy and Rhetoric. In 1833 he was licensed to preach in Congregational churches. He was president of Williams College from 1836 until 1872. He was one of the ablest and most successful of the old type of college president. He married Mary Hubble in 1832 and together they parented ten children.
Mitja Saje was born in Ljubljana. He studied at both Faculty of Economics and Faculty of Arts of the University of Ljubljana. He also studied at Nanjing University. He received his PhD in 1994 for a thesis discussing the Chinese economy during the Ming Dynasty.
George Ritter Burnett (April 23, 1858 -- November 1, 1908) was a United States Army officer who received the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor. He graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1880.
Luther Price received a BFA in Sculpture and Media/Performing Arts from Massachusetts College of Art and Design, where he studied with Saul Levine. He is an experimental filmmaker whose work has been widely screened in the United States and Europe at such venues as the Museum of Modern Art, the Whitney Museum of American Art, and the San Francisco Cinematheque. He is a professor at the Massachusetts College of Art and Design. His films, shot primarily on Super 8 mm, often include controversial subject matter, found footage, the artist performing in a variety of persona, and physical interventions into the actual material of the film, sometimes incorporating live performance. His films are distributed by Canyon Cinema in San Francisco, The Film-Makers' Cooperative in New York, Light Cone in Paris and others.
Deirdre Madden (born 20 August 1960) is an author from Toomebridge, County Antrim in Northern Ireland. She was educated at St Mary's Grammar School, Trinity College, Dublin (BA) and at the University of East Anglia (MA). In 1994 she was Writer-in-Residence at University College, Cork and in 1997 was Writer Fellow at Trinity College, Dublin. She has travelled widely in Europe and has spent extended periods of time in both France and Italy.
Alan Mycroft is a reader at the University of Cambridge Computer Laboratory. He is a Fellow of Robinson College, Cambridge, where he is also director of studies for computer science.
Tara Killian (June 21, 1977) is an American film and television actress. She held the Miss United States Teen title in 1994. Tara attended Irmo High School in Columbia, SC and earned a B.A. in Music from the College of Charleston in Charleston, SC.
Bidloo came from a Mennonite family of scientific repute. His father Lambert Bidloo (1638--1724) was an apothecary and wrote a treatise on botany and his uncle Govert Bidloo was the personal physician of King William III of England. Bidloo studied medicine at Leiden University, where his uncle Govert was a professor, and in January 1697 received a doctorate in the medical sciences. In 1701 he married Clasina Claes in Amsterdam.
Ralf Wagner studied business administration with main focus on marketing at Bielefeld University. He received his doctor's degree in 2000 with the title ``Modeling and Analysis of Multiple Competitive Interactions with Sales Promotions'', while working as a scientific co-worker of Reinhold Decker at the at Bielefeld University. The Venia legendi for common administration he received in 2008 from the Bielefeld University for the habilitation paper of ``Complex Patterns in Marketing Management''. The calling of the new founded Dialog Marketing Competence Center (DMCC) at the University of Kassel he followed to begin with as a possibility deputy chair than as a professor.
Prior to joining the University of Washington faculty, Samudrala was a post-doctoral fellow with Michael Levitt at Stanford University from 1997--2000, with a fellowship from the Program in Mathematics and Molecular Biology (funded by the NSF and the Burroughs Wellcome Fund). He received his undergraduate degrees in Computing Science and Genetics from Ohio Wesleyan University (1990--1993) and completed his Ph.D. in Computational Structural Biology with John Moult at the Center for Advanced Research in Biotechnology in Rockville, MD (1993--1997). In 2001, Samudrala became the first faculty member to be recruited, as an Assistant Professor, under the Advanced Technology Initiative in Infectious Diseases created by the Washington State Legislature ``as a bridge between cutting-edge research and education, and new economic activity.'' He was promoted to Associate Professor with tenure in 2006.
Professional hockey has been in Binghamton since 1973 with the founding of the Broome Dusters of the North American Hockey League. The Dusters were popular from the start with a wide open style of play which was unusual in professional hockey at the time. When the league folded in 1977, the Providence team of the American Hockey League moved to Binghamton and became the Binghamton Dusters. The team became the Binghamton Whalers from 1980 to 1990 and the Binghamton Rangers from 1990 to 1997 as a result of affiliations with the NHL Hartford Whalers and New York Rangers. The team is now the Binghamton Senators who currently serve as the AHL affiliate of the Ottawa Senators. The B-Sens won division titles on 2003 and 2005, reaching the AHL conference finals in 2003 and winning the Calder Cup in 2011. They play their home games at Broome County Veterans Memorial Arena. Binghamton University plays Division I college sports as a member of the America East Conference. Division III College Sports are played at Broome Community College. Bobby Gonzalez, former head coach of Seton Hall's men's basketball team was born here, and still has family in the area. King Rice, head basketball coach at Monmouth University, attended Binghamton High School.
Thomas Lee Ballenger (December 22, 1882 November 8, 1987) was a historian, author and teacher. He was born in Rover, Arkansas on December 22, 1882. Ballenger received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Ouachita Baptist College in 1905 and began teaching in Mountain Home, Arkansas. He quickly transitioned from teaching to school administration in Loco, Oklahoma and Magnum, Oklahoma. After this time, Ballenger attended the University of Chicago to earn a second BA, and where he would eventually also earn a Masters degree in History. In 1918, he married Mildred Josephine Parks, a member of the Cherokee Nation, with whom he had one son, Tom Jr. Due in part to his marriage to Parks, Ballenger focused his further studies in Cherokee history while receiving his doctorate from the University of Oklahoma. Ballenger died at age 104, on November 8, 1987.
Marc Swanson received his MFA from the Milton Avery Graduate School of the Arts at Bard College, Annandale-on-Hudson, New York, in 2004, and also studied at the Skowhegan School of Painting and Sculpture, in Skowhegan, Maine, in 2000.
Peter Cary ``PC'' Peterson is an 18-year-old resident of the Upper West Side in New York City. Although the show chronicles his life on the Upper East Side, PC resides on the Upper West Side with his mother. He attended the Dwight School on the Upper West Side as well. He is the grandson of billionaire and former US Secretary of Commerce Peter George Peterson. His grandmother Joan Ganz Cooney created Sesame Street. PC's mother is Paige Peterson, a noted painter and writer. His father is David Peterson. PC's parents are amicably divorced. PC attended Rollins College in Winter Park, Florida for one year before returning to New York. He studied at the Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute. He was in the movie, ``Twelve'' starring Chace Crawford and 50 Cent.
She has received numerous awards including the Women's Caucus For Art. The Graphic Arts Workshop has won an international peace prize. An Elizabeth Catlett Week was proclaimed in Berkeley, California, and an Elizabeth Catlett Day in Cleveland, Ohio. She is an honorary citizen of New Orleans and has received the keys to many cities. She received an honorary Doctorate from Pace University, in New York and was accompanied to the presentation by fellow sculptor and good friend Manuel Bennett.
Anthony Newcomb (born August 6, 1941) is an American musicologist. He was born in New York and studied at the University of California, Berkeley where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in 1962. He then studied with Gustav Leonhardt in Holland while on a Fulbright Scholarship. He received an MFA (1965) and Ph.D from Princeton University in 1969.
Rupert Christiansen (born 1954) is an English writer, journalist and critic, grandson of Arthur Christiansen (editor of the Daily Express) and son of Kay and Michael Christiansen (editor of the Sunday and Daily Mirror). Born in London, he was educated at Millfield and King's College, Cambridge, where he took a double first in English. As a Fulbright scholar, he also attended Columbia University from 1977 to 1978.
The Philomathean Literary Society of Erskine College was formed in 1842 when 12 senior students withdrew from the Euphemian Literary Society. The Philomathean society was conceived as a brother society to the Euphemians in order to facilitate debates traditional at other literary society and in the spirit of ``iron sharpens iron'' taken from Proverbs 27:17. Members of the faculty had participated in literary societies, especially at Miami University, and the tradition was consequently impressed upon students at Erskine. Ebenezer Erskine Pressly had participated in Literary Societies throughout his education. He attended Miami University in Oxford, Ohio in 1824, where he graduated after 2 years at the age of 18. E.E. Pressly was a member of the Erodelphian Literary Society. In 1827, the Erodelphians, with the Miami Union Literary Society, issued the first collegiate publication west of the Appalachians.
A graduate of the University of Manitoba, Constance Backhouse received her law education at Osgoode Hall Law School (University of Toronto), and Harvard University. She taught law at the University of Western Ontario, and has taught at the University of Ottawa since 2000.
In October 2008, Bremner went outside of her typical role as a defender of police to take up the cause of Amanda Knox, a University of Washington student charged with the murder of Meredith Kercher in Perugia, Italy. She was contacted by family members of Knox's classmates, including Mike Heavey, a superior court judge with whom she was previously acquainted. The group subsequently held fundraisers to pay for Knox's defense, lobby lawmakers, and conduct public relations activities, turning media focus toward the conduct of the prosecution, especially Perugia chief prosecutor Giuliano Mignini. Bremner made various television appearances regarding the case, describing Knox as ``naive'' and comparing her to the title character in the French film Amélie.
Jim Kenagy graduated from Crescent Valley High School in 1963, and he graduated with a degree in Zoology in 1967 at Pomona College in Claremont, California. Then he achieved his Ph.D. in Zoology from the University of California in Los Angeles in 1972. He held postdocs in Germany (at the Max Planck Institute for Behavioral Physiology), at UCLA, and at UC San Diego. In 1976, he joined the Department of Zoology at the University of Washington in Seattle, which became the Department of Biology in 2002. In 1995, he also became Curator of Mammals at the Burke Museum of Natural History and Culture.5
Harvey Konigsberg was born in New York City in 1940. He studied Art at New York University and at the University of Miami. After completing his university studies in 1964, Konigsberg returned to New York City to begin a long and successful career as an artist.
Wing Commander Lord George Wellesley was educated at Wellington College, Berkshire. He was Managing Director of Coxeter and Son plc. He gained the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel circa 1914 in the service of the Royal Flying Corps. He fought in the First World War between 1914 and 1918, where he was mentioned in dispatches. He was decorated with the Military Cross (M.C.) in 1916. He gained the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel circa 1917 in the service of the Royal Flying Corps. He gained the rank of Squadron Leader in 1939 in the service of the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve. He fought in the Second World War between 1939 and 1945. He was decorated with the Royal Humane Society Medal.
Valerian Gracias was born in Karachi (in modern Pakistan) to José (d. 1902) and Carlota Gracias. His parents were from Dramapur/Navelim, Goa, working in Karachi. He studied at St. Patrick's High School in Karachi, St. Joseph Seminary in Mangalore, and the Pontifical Seminary of Kandy in Ceylon (from where he obtained his doctorate in theology). Ordained to the priesthood on 3 October 1926, Gracias then did pastoral work in Bandra until 1927, when he entered the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome that November. He finished his studies at the Gregorian in 1929 and became private secretary to Archbishop Joachim Lima, SJ, and diocesan chancellor of Bombay. He served as preacher, pastor, and editor on various newspapers before being named the first Indian rector of Holy Name Cathedral in December 1941.
Brian Smith (born in Marathon, Florida) is the current American football assistant director of college scouting for the New England Patriots of the National Football League. Smith attended Phillips Andover in Andover, Massachusetts, lettering in football. He then played football as a cornerback at Davidson College in Davidson, North Carolina in 2000. He later transferred to Providence College, graduating in 2004. Beginning in 2000, Smith interned with the New England Patriots for head coach Bill Belichick, who also was a Phillips Academy alumnus. Following his graduation, Smith was named the Patriots' director of football operations, a position he held for two seasons. In 2006, Smith served as a special assignment scout. For three seasons, 2007--2009, he was a pro scout for the team. He was promoted to assistant director of college scouting in 2010.
David S. Alberts undergraduate work was at City College of New York where he received a BA in Statistics in 1964. He received a Masters (1966) and a Doctorate in Operations Research (1968) from the University of Pennsylvania.
Marilyn Singer was born in the Bronx, New York City on October 3, 1948 and lived most of her early life in North Massapequa (Long Island), NY. She attended Queens College, City University of New York, and for her junior year, the University of Reading, England. She holds a B.A. in English from Queens College and an M.A. in Communications from New York University.
Aaron Thomas Steiner was born November 2, 1968; his father was a pastor in the Christian Church (Disciples of Christ). He began using Shawn Thomas as his stage name in college and later legally changed it to Shawn Aaron Thomas. Thomas graduated from Middle Tennessee State University in 1991.
Francis Nash Bangs (1828 -- November 30, 1885) was a prominent lawyer born in New York City in 1828. His father, Nathan Bangs, was a well-known Methodist minister from Stratford, Connecticut. He studied at New York University and Yale Law School, where he graduated in 1847. He joined the bar in 1849 and practiced law with several partners before ultimately partnering with Francis Lynde Stetson to form the law firm Bangs & Stetson, a precursor to the modern firm of Davis, Polk & Wardwell. Despite lifelong health problems, he developed a prosperous practice in New York representing large business interests, and came to prominence after being appointed counsel to the assignee of the dissolved law firm of Ketchum, Son & Co. in 1853. His practice grew further with the passage of the Federal Bankruptcy Act of 1867, the first bankruptcy act to cover corporations as well as individuals. He was a founding member of the New York City Bar Association, and its president from 1882 to 1883. His son was the author and satirist John Kendrick Bangs.
Born A'Drewana Chane't Johnson in Dallas, Texas, Johnson received a BFA in Theatre Arts from Southern Methodist University. She went on to earn an MFA in Theatre Arts from the University of California San Diego (UCSD).
Sir Richard Packer was educated at City of London School and initially trained as a scientist at the University of Manchester. He had a distinguished civil service career being the youngest Permanent Secretary ever appointed to the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, a post he held for seven years until 2000. His earlier career centred on the agricultural and fishing policies of the European Union.
Jan Bondeson attended medical school at Lund University, Sweden, and qualified in 1988. He became a specialist in rheumatology and internal medicine, and defended his PhD thesis in 1996. He was awarded several scolarships to continue his scientific career at the renowned Kennedy Institute of Rheumatology in London. He became a pioneer of the experimental use of adenoviral gene transfer to study intracellular signalling, and investigate the regulation of important cytokines and matrix metalloproteinases. In 2000, he was promoted to become senior lecturer and consultant rheumatologist at Cardiff University, doing a mixture of clinical work, teaching and research. Here, his research has concentrated on the role of synovial macrophages in osteoarthritis, and regulation of degradative enzymes in this disease. Jan Bondeson has more than seventy publications in refereed scientific journals, and continuing research grant support from the Arthritis Research Campaign.
Ratcliff was the son of Robert Ratcliff and his wife Emily. His father was a brewer in the partnership of Bass Ratcliff and Gretton and lived at Newton Solney. He was educated at Rossall School and Cambridge University. Ratcliff followed his father into the brewery and was also an active member of the territorial reserve. He was commissioned into the 2nd Volunteer Battalion of the 5th Staffordshire Rifle Volunteer Corps on 19 March 1887, as a Second-Lieutenant serving with ``B'' Company at Burton. He was promoted to Lieutenant on 27 July 1889, Captain on 23 January 1892, and Major 18 July 1900.
Timothy Zahn was born in Chicago, Illinois. He attended Michigan State University, earning a Bachelor of Science degree in physics in 1973. He then moved to the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and achieved an M.S. degree in physics in 1975. While he was pursuing a doctorate in physics, his thesis adviser quite suddenly died, leaving Zahn with three years of thesis work down the drain. Zahn never completed the doctorate. In 1975 he had begun writing science fiction as a hobby, and later he became a professional writer. He and his wife Anna live in Bandon, Oregon. They have a son, Corwin Zahn.
H. B. Higgins was educated at Wesley College in central Dublin, Ireland, and at Melbourne University, where he graduated in law. He practised at the Melbourne bar from 1876, eventually becoming one of the city's leading barristers (a QC in 1903) and a wealthy man. He was active in liberal, radical and Irish nationalist politics, as well as in many civic organisations. He was also a noted classical scholar.
In 1968-1969, he studied at the Utrecht University with Gottfried Michael Koenig; in 1969-1970, he studied at Juilliard School with Luciano Berio under an Organization of American States fellowship.
The Dismemberment Plan is a Washington D.C. based indie rock band formed on January 1, 1993. Also known as D-Plan or The Plan, the name comes from a stray phrase uttered by insurance salesman Ned Ryerson in the popular comedy Groundhog Day. The band members included Eric Axelson (bass), Jason Caddell (guitar), Joe Easley (drums) and Travis Morrison (vocals and guitar). Axelson, Caddell, Morrison and original drummer Steve Cummings formed the band while attending various Northern Virginia high schools (Axelson, Cummings, and Morrison attended Lake Braddock Secondary School together in Burke, Virginia). Cummings left the band after the recording of the Plan's debut album ! and was replaced by Easley, who had attended Woodson High School. That cemented the band's lineup for the rest of its existence.
Graves, the son of Black Enterprise founder Earl G. Graves, Sr., attended Yale University and earned an MBA from Harvard University. While at Yale he was a member of Skull and Bones and captained the college basketball team. He currently is the all-time leading scorer in Yale men's basketball history and third all-time in Ivy League. He was drafted into the NBA by the Philadelphia 76ers and later played briefly for the Cleveland Cavaliers (1984-85).
David E. McGiffert was born in Boston on June 27, 1926. After high school, he enrolled at the University of California, Berkeley, but left without taking a degree in 1944. He then enlisted in the United States Navy and served as a radio technician during World War II. Upon leaving the Navy in 1946, he attended Harvard University; he graduated with a B.A. in 1949. He spent the 1949-50 school year at Cambridge University and then attended Harvard Law School, receiving his LL.B. in 1953.
Dennis Raphael is a professor of Health Policy and Management at York University in Toronto. Dr. Raphael received his Ph.D. from the University of Toronto in 1975. He completed his M.Sc. in 1974 (State University of New York) and B.Sc. in 1972 (Brooklyn College of New York).
Chris began classical violin at the age of nine and later turned to Appalachian and traditional Irish music. Her early influences include the tunes of Tommy Peoples from County Donegal, Ireland and the all Irish born Bothy Band. She studied fiddle at the Willie Clancy Summer School in Miltown Malbay, County Clare, Ireland.
Bigsby was born in Castle Gate, Nottingham in 1806, son of Robert Bigsby, the registrar of the archdeaconry of Nottingham. His father had visited the United States in 1787 where he had often been the guest of George Washington. He was educated at Repton School during the headmastership of William Boultbee Sleath, and originally intended to become a lawyer. However, he turned to the study of antiquities and in particular to collecting memorabilia of Sir Francis Drake, the famous navigator of the Elizabethan era. He had inherited Drake's astrolabe, and in 1831 he presented the instrument to King William IV, who in turn presented it to Greenwich Hospital. He presented other relics of Drake to the British Museum.
Kishor Gurung comes from a musical family; the first instrument he played was the tabla drums. When he decided to learn the guitar he faced the difficulty of inaccessibility to printed music, recordings and accredited teachers in his homeland Nepal, but he eventually won a full scholarship to study guitar at the San Francisco Conservatory of Music, where he studied with Larry Almeida, George Sakallariou and David Tanenbaum and participated in Master Classes conducted by such distinguished international guitarists as Michael Lorimor (USA), Julian Bream (UK), Manuel Barrueco (Cuba), David Russell (Scotland), Jose Tomas (Spain), Abel Carlevaro (Paraguay). He pursued then an MA degree in ethnomusicology at the University of Hawaii as an East-West Centre grantee, following which he has participated in international music seminars and performed in Asia and Europe with favourable press reviews. Kishor is the first Nepali to obtain music degrees from the accredited institutions of the West. In addition to his TV and radio appearances, Kishor has also appeared as a soloist with the Long Island Youth Orchestra of New York.
Tom Sapsford (born 1975) is a British ballet dancer and choreographer, whose work often concentrates on the interplay of contemporary dance and new media technology. He trained at the Royal Ballet School, winning prizes from Kenneth Macmillan. In 1993, he joined The Royal Ballet, and two years later was awarded one of the first ever Jerwood Foundation Young Choreographers`` Awards. His work has been presented by The Royal Ballet and The Royal Opera House, among others.
After a childhood spent in Tehran and Stockholm, Emud Mokhberi moved to Southern California in 1993 and shortly thereafter started his studies at the University of California, Los Angeles. After returning to UCLA for a master degree in computer graphics, he was introduced to animation and subsequently studied film at the UCLA School of Film, Theater, and Television and Gobelins, l'école de l'image in Paris, France. In 2007, he directed Oktapodi with five other students at Gobelins: Julien Bocabeille, François-Xavier Chanioux, Olivier Delabarre, Quentin Marmier, and Thierry Marchand.
Imprisoned by the British Governor Frederick Haldimand on the day following the American Invasion, he was then exiled in Newfoundland from 1782 to 1783, following a (probably) false charge of treason. He returned to Quebec and settled on a farm at Baie-du-Febvre (later Baieville) where he resumed the practice of medicine. In 1788 the province of Quebec began to insist on doctors producing their credentials or passing an examination. As Laterrière could not produce a medical degree and failed to pass the oral examination he went to study medicine at Harvard University in Massachusetts where a medical school had recently opened and qualified to practice medicine one year later, in 1789. He was Harvard Medical School's first foreign graduate. He returned to Quebec to practice medicine and in 1799, he moved his medical practice to Quebec City. His income from practicing medicine and investments allowed him to purchase the seigneury of Les Éboulements in 1810. He died at Quebec City in 1815.
He was born in Trondheim, and was a grandson of former Prime Minister Ivar Lykke. He graduated from the Norwegian Institute of Technology in 1965. He has worked in the architect firms 4 B Arkitekter from 1973 to 1990 and Linje Arkitekter from 2000. In between he headed the architect's office of the Norwegian State Railways. Here he was responsible for many projects, including refurbishment of the stations at Lysaker, Skøyen and Kambo.
Marisa Lino (born 1950) is a retired American diplomat. She was born in the Free Territory of Trieste, today part of Italy, but grew up in Portland, Oregon from the age of five. She received an M.A. in international affairs from The George Washington University in 1972 and B.A. in political science from Portland State University in 1971. In May 1999, she received an honorary doctorate of international affairs from John Cabot University. She also completed a Certificate in Advanced Engineering Studies at M.I.T. in a mid-career program and did post-graduate work at the University of Zagreb (then Yugoslavia).
Hartwell de la Garde Grissell was born in 1839 as the son of Thomas Grissell, a prosperous public works contractor. He was educated at Harrow School and in 1859 matriculated to Oxford University as a commoner of Brasenose College.
In 1918, Preece enrolled at the Slade School of Fine Art, where she met a talented artist, Dorothy Hepworth, who became her lifelong companion. With the help of Hepworth's wealthy family, they set up a home and studio together. Both studied drawing with Henry Tonks. Preece's early work was praised by Vanessa Bell, Duncan Grant and Roger Fry. In the early 1920s, they lived mostly in Paris to continue their art studies, Preece studying principally with André Lhote. There, they were influenced by the lesbian art world of Natalie Barney's salon. Upon their return to London in 1925, however, they tried to avoid the opprobrium suffered by open lesbians and often claimed to be sisters. They became more involved with the Bloomsbury Group, some of the members of which they had met earlier. They spent summer holidays in Wales or Cornwall where Patricia was again rescued from drowning, this time by a local mineworker. Preece had a reputation for happily accepting casual flirtations from admirers, only to reject them when they became more serious. In 1928, Preece and Hepworth moved to Cookham, living in a cottage purchased by Hepworth's parents. The gregarious Preece signed many of the shy Hepworth's paintings and negotiated with dealers to exhibit and sell the work as Preece's, fooling many in the art world, including the artist Augustus John, who declared Preece one of the six greatest women artists in England. In 1929, Preece met Cookham artist Stanley Spencer and his artist wife, Hilda Carline, while she was substituting as a waitress in a teashop in Cookham. Preece and Hepworth became friendly with Spencer and his wife, sometimes minding their daughters and joining their art picnics. Carline's brother Richard was attracted and took Preece dining and dancing, until he understood the nature of her relationship with Hepworth. The Hepworths lost their fortune in the Great Depression, and from 1930, Preece and Hepworth were struggling to make mortgage payments. Spencer introduced Preece to his extensive art-world contacts. In May 1933, Spencer's cosmopolitan patron, Edward Beddington-Behrens invited Patricia to travel with Stanley to Switzerland for a commission (Preece spoke fluent French, while Stanley spoke none). In 1933, Preece first modelled for Spencer, sitting for Portrait of Patricia Preece. By 1934, Spencer was concerned about Preece's finances and deteriorating health. He suggested that Preece and Hepworth move into the top floor of his house, but they did not do so. Carline was also concerned about their artist friends but was already suspicious of Spencer's relationship with Preece. Nevertheless, in 1934, Spencer persuaded Carline to paint a portrait of Preece. The resulting image shows both Carline's ambivalent feelings about Preece and the latter's change in demeanour since her more lighthearted days of financial independence.
Anton R. Valukas attended Lawrence University, graduating in 1965, and Northwestern University School of Law, graduating in 1968. He was admitted to the bar of Illinois in 1968.
Eric Brown is the former Chief Justice of the Ohio Supreme Court. He was appointed by Governor Ted Strickland on May 3, 2010, following the death of Chief Justice Thomas Moyer on April 2, 2010. Brown was the first Jewish Chief Justice in Ohio history. He received a bachelor's degree in history from Cleveland State University in 1975 and a law degree from the Cleveland-Marshall College of Law in 1979. He has served as an Assistant Attorney General, Judge and Magistrate on the Franklin County Court of Common Pleas, and Judge for Franklin County's Probate Court and is currently a Judge on the Franklin County Municipal Court.
Craig Platt received his Juris Doctor from Stanford Law School in 1981. Since being admitted to practice, Platt has worked on thousands of cases and has held a variety of positions. Following his graduation from Stanford Law School, Platt immediately began practicing civil law while working for large law firms in Chicago, Los Angeles, and Seattle. Eventually, Platt accepted an offer to serve as the chief prosecutor for the Attorney General's Office in Saipan where he represented the government in major cases including several involving the Japanese mafia otherwise known as the Yakuza.
Cornelis Schrevel (bapt. 13 April 1608, Haarlem - 1664, Leiden) was a Dutch physician and scholar. He studied medicine at Leiden University and replaced his father Theodorus Schrevelius as head of the college faculty at Leiden in 1642; published a Latin-Greek lexicon; and edited many classical authors, including an edition of Curtius Rufus owned by Thomas Jefferson.
Sheila Bridges is an African American Interior Designer located in New York born on July 7, 1964. Sheila attended Brown University and Parsons School of Design.Her designs are under the name Sheila Bridges Home, Inc. But her designs do not stop there they are shipped out to world wide consumer retailer stores as well, such as Bed Bath and Beyond. Sheilas' designs have appeared on many Television shows and Magazines. She has also created a design form called Harlem Toile de Juoy, which is a wall covering that tells a story through the decorative arts. Toile was first created in the 18th Century on draperies and bedding. Bridges form of Toile was to show a story of an African American through the eyes of the media. Toile Toile
Laban Chege (born 10 September 1969) is a Kenyan athlete who specialises in middle and long distance running. He finished tenth at the 1997 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships, and a seventh place finish at the 1999 edition helped him win a bronze medal with Kenya in the team competition.
He grew up in Johannesburg, and was in his teens when he served with the entertainment unit of the South African Army during World War II. After moving to London, England, he enrolled in the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art where he became known as Larry. After learning his craft at RADA, he began to perform on stage and film, where he adopted the stage name ``Laurence Harvey,'' taken either from the shop name Harvey Nichols or from Harvey's Bristol Cream.
Kiur Aarma (born June 25, 1975) is an Estonian television journalist. He graduated from the University of Tartu in 1997. Aarma is also a writer and producer; among the films upon which he has worked is 2006's Sinimäed, a documentary about the Battle of Tannenberg Line, which he produced and helped write.
Ray Atherton was born in Brookline, Massachusetts in 1883. He was educated at Harvard College, graduating with a B.A. in 1905. He then moved to Paris to study architecture, becoming known as the ``beau of the Beaux-Arts''. Returning to Boston, Atherton spent time working as a banker and as an architect.
Errol Flynn was born in Hobart, Tasmania, where his father, Theodore Thomson Flynn, was a lecturer (1909) and later professor (1911) of biology at the University of Tasmania (UTAS). Flynn was born at the Queen Alexandra Hospital in Battery Point. His mother was born Lily Mary Young, but dropped the first names Lily Mary shortly after she was married and changed her name to Marelle. Flynn described his mother's family as ``seafaring folk'' and this appears to be where his life-long interest in boats and the sea originated. Despite Flynn's claims, the evidence indicates that he was not descended from any of the Bounty mutineers. Married at St John's Church of England, Balmain North, Sydney, on 23 January 1909, both of his parents were native-born Australians of Irish, English and Scottish descent, with convict links to Tasmania long before Flynn's birth. Flynn, living at Mclean Avenue Chatswood, Sydney in 1926, attended Sydney Church of England Grammar School (Shore School) where he was the classmate of future Australian Prime Minister, John Gorton. He was expelled for fighting and, allegedly, having sex with a school laundress. He was also expelled from several other schools he had attended in Tasmania. At the age of 20 he moved to New Guinea where he bought a tobacco plantation, a business which failed. A copper mining venture in the hills near the Laloki Valley, behind the present national capital, Port Moresby, also failed.
The Minority Press was a short-lived British publishing house founded in 1930 by Gordon Fraser (1911-1981) while he was an undergraduate student at St. John's College (Cambridge). Fraser was an undergraduate student of F. R. Leavis. The Minority Press was essentially the book publishing arm of the Leavis camp of literary criticism. The Press published a series of six pamphlets, several reprint editions with new introductions, and a few longer essays on literary topics.
Chin-Cheng Wu graduated from Taiwanese National Chiao Tung University with a Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering in 1972. He also holds a Master's degree in Computer Science from Indiana University at Bloomington, Indiana.
Hsin Ting was born in Yunlin county. He was born into a family of farmers and grew up in the country. In 1968, he became a monastic under Master Hsing Yun and took full ordination the following year in Keelung. Hsin Ting graduated from the Eastern Buddhist College and the India Research Institute of the Chinese Cultural University. He further received an Honorary Doctorate Degree from the Fo Guang Shan-affiliated University of the West in Rosemead, California in 1998.
Andy Kirshner is a composer, performer, writer, and media artist. He is an Assistant Professor at the University of Michigan, jointly appointed by the School of Art and Design and the School of Music. He holds a Doctorate in Music Composition from the University of Michigan, where he studied with William Bolcom, Evan Chambers, Curtis Curtis-Smith, Michael Daugherty, and George Wilson. Kirshner's music-theater works include The Museum of Life and Death, a science fiction ``interdisciplinary theater work'' based on the medieval morality play Everyman; An Evening with Tony Amore for jazz voice and orchestra based on the persona of Frank Sinatra; Who It Is, a one-man musical about race and nationalism; the opera-oratorio The Watchtower inspired by apocalyptic TV newscasts and the Book of Isaiah; Dr. Nathan Feelgood In Person, an operetta for 10-piece blues band and a singing psychiatrist; and a cold-war musical for children with Dan Hurlin The Day the Earth Stood Still. He lives in Ann Arbor, Michigan with his wife, the sculptor and installation artist Stephanie Rowden.
Ken graduated with honors from East Tennessee State University in 1962, and from Wesley Theological Seminary in 1965. In 1980 he earned a Doctor of Ministry Degree from Vanderbilt Divinity School.
Tim Crowther (born Warley, near Halifax, 19 November 1958) has presented for BBC Radio Leeds since the late 1970s, whilst he was still a student at the City of Leeds College of Music. Since then, he has hosted variously breakfast, mid-morning, lunchtime, afternoon and drivetime programmes, as well as a range of daytime and weekend programmes.
Played by Gillian Zinser in a recurring role in season two and a starring role since season three, Ivy Sullivan is a blonde tomboy surfer chick, student at West Beverly Hills High School and lives in a huge house at Topanga Canyon. She is very sensitive and hates being underestimated. When she first met Liam, the two got in a fight when they have a car accident. They later reconcile at a Halloween Party and start to be friends. She starts to develop feelings for him, but she is desperate when he only sees a good friend in her and will tries to catch his attention. Teddy sees that she has a crush on Liam but she will not admit it. After a party, at Liam's basement, the two kiss and start a discreet love story, Ivy helps him overcome his nemesis, Jen Clark. Liam eventually asks her to a dance, but it soon becomes apparent that has his eyes set on fellow student Naomi Clark. Ivy then decides it is best for her and Liam to merely be friends, assisting him in his pursuit of Naomi by texting her to go and see Liam. She is devastated after losing the man she loved. Later, Naomi and Ivy try to form a friendly relationship of their own which proves difficult when they don't share the same interests at all. The two girls get in a fight on the beach and start to hate each other. After losing Liam for good, Ivy is comforted by her mom Laurel Cooper, a music producer. Later, she starts fake dating with Dixon, as the two feel left out, they kiss to prove to Naomi that they are really dating. Dixon develops some feelings for Ivy but she wants to break up as she thinks she still has a chance with Liam. Later Liam tells her that he and she will never be together again. Then later in the episode Ivy decides to give Dixon a shot and go on a real date with him. Now that Ivy knows that she and Liam will never be, she is able to move on. With Dixon's gambling issues their first date is catastrophic and Ivy begins to ask herself if Dixon is really the guy for her. Their relationship recovers when Dixon is invited to Australia in the episode before the season finale.
Sovern has been married four times: to the former Lenore Goodman in 1953, to the former Eleanor Leen in 1963, to the former Joan Rosenthal Wit in 1974, and finally to Dr. Patricia Margaret Walsh in 1995. His first and second marriages ended in divorce, and the third when Joan Sovern died of cancer in 1993. Sovern is the father of two daughters, Elizabeth and Julie, and two sons, Jeff and Douglas. Jeff Sovern is a professor of law at St. John's University and a graduate of Columbia University and Columbia Law School. Doug Sovern is an award-winning news reporter for KCBS Radio in San Francisco and maintains the sovernnation political blog. He is a graduate of Brown University. He is also a musician, playing bass in the Eyewitness Blues Band. Elizabeth Sovern, a graduate of Barnard College, teaches middle school in Westchester, New York and Julie Sovern, also a graduate of Columbia Law School, is an Assistant General Counsel at Wells Fargo & Company, in Charlotte, NC.
Filadelfo Mugnos (1607 -- May 28, 1675) was an Italian historian, genealogist, poet and man of letters. He was born in Sicily at Lentini in 1607, but moved while young to Palermo. He obtained a doctorate in Law at the University of Catania. He was made a member of the Portuguese chivalric Order of Christ and of various learned academies of the day.
Francisco Varela was born in 1946 in Santiago in Chile. After completing secondary school at the Liceo Aleman de Santiago (1951--1963). Like his mentor Humberto Maturana, Varela first studied medicine then biology at the University of Chile, then did a Ph.D. in biology at Harvard University. His thesis, defended in 1970 and supervised by Torsten Wiesel, was titled Insect Retinas: Information processing in the compound eye.
The Mackenzies were often at feud with the Munros, and Andrew Munro of Milntown defended and held, for three years, the Castle Chanonry of Ross, which he had received from the Regent Moray who died in 1569, against the Clan Mackenzie, at the expense of many lives on both sides. The feud was settled when the castle was handed over to the Mackenzies peacefully after the Mackenzies had improved their legal claim to the castle. The small-scale Battle of Logiebride in 1597 involved a fight at a fair in Logiebride between clansmen from the Clan Bane, Clan Munro and the Mackenzies.
Fortrose, Black Isle 1569-73; With the Mackenzies the Munros were often at feud, and Andrew Munro, 5th of Milntown defended and held, for three years, the Castle Chanonry of Ross, which he had received from the Regent Moray who died in 1569, against the Clan Mackenzie, at the expense of many lives on both sides. The feud was settled when the castle was handed over to the Mackenzies peacefully under the act of pacification (a treaty of peace to cease hostilities), because the Mackenzies had more legal right to own the castle.
James Cranswick Tory (1862-1944) was a Nova Scotia businessman and politician. He was born in 1862 to Robert Kirk Tory and Anorah Ferguson in Guysborough County and lived in the village of Guysborough. He attended McGill University in Montreal and worked at Sun Life Assurance Company. In 1894, he married Caroline Whitman. Tory served as a Liberal MLA for Guysborough County in the Legislature of Nova Scotia from 1911 to 1923. He was a minister without portfolio in the province's Executive Council from 1921 to 1925. Tory was appointed the 13th Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia and served from 1925 to 1930. He died in Halifax.
Demetris Th. Gotsis () is a Greek poet and author residing in Cyprus. He was born on October 26, 1945 in Thessaloniki, Greece. He studied Medicine at the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki and received musical education since his parents were trained opera singers.
He was the sixth son of Sir Henry Wentworth Acland, 1st Baronet and his wife Sarah Cotton, eldest daughter of William Cotton. His younger brother was Alfred Dyke Acland. He was educated at Winchester College and then at University College, Oxford, where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in 1878 and Master of Arts five year later.
Warren Capone (born August 14, 1951 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana), was a professional American football linebacker in the World Football League and National Football League. He played college football at Louisiana State University. Capone attended, and graduated from high school at Catholic High School in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
Born in Naples and brought up on his father's yacht, William Brooks Close was educated at Wellington College and Trinity College, Cambridge where he rowed in the Cambridge boat in the Oxford and Cambridge Boat Races of 1875, 1876 and 1877. Cambridge won in 1876 and the 1877 race was the only ever dead heat. He was also runner up to Alfred Dicker in the Diamond Challenge Sculls at Henley Royal Regatta in 1875.
Sovern has been married four times: to the former Lenore Goodman in 1953, to the former Eleanor Leen in 1963, to the former Joan Rosenthal Wit in 1974, and finally to Dr. Patricia Margaret Walsh in 1995. His first and second marriages ended in divorce, and the third when Joan Sovern died of cancer in 1993. Sovern is the father of two daughters, Elizabeth and Julie, and two sons, Jeff and Douglas. Jeff Sovern is a professor of law at St. John's University and a graduate of Columbia University and Columbia Law School. Doug Sovern is an award-winning news reporter for KCBS Radio in San Francisco and maintains the sovernnation political blog. He is a graduate of Brown University. He is also a musician, playing bass in the Eyewitness Blues Band. Elizabeth Sovern, a graduate of Barnard College, teaches middle school in Westchester, New York and Julie Sovern, also a graduate of Columbia Law School, is an Assistant General Counsel at Wells Fargo & Company, in Charlotte, NC.
On November 8, 2008, the band announced on their website that they parted ways with bass player Greg Garrison. Paul Kowert, who studied under Edgar Meyer at the Curtis Institute of Music, takes Garrison's place on the bass.
Robert Maguire began his education at Duke University, but like so many others of his generation, left for service in World War II. Upon his return, his interest in art led him to the Art Students League, where his instructor was the famed Frank Reilly. Two of Maguire's more noteworthy fellows included Clark Hulings and James Bama, graduates all of the class of '49.
Hajdari came from a working family. He finished elementary school and high school in Bajram Curri. Hajdari studied philosophy at the University of Tirana, and was married to Fatmira Hajdari, with whom he had three children: Kirardi, Rudina, and Azem Junior (who was born four months after Azem Hajdari's assassination). He was one of the main leaders of student demonstrations that brought the collapse of the Party of Labour of Albania in December 1990. He was also, briefly, the first leader of the Democratic Party of Albania (DP). He remained in that position until he was replaced in early 1991 by Sali Berisha, who later became Prime Minister of Albania. Hajdari was a close associate of Berisha, and came from the same district of Tropojë.
He was educated at Marlborough College. There his contemporaries included John Betjeman, who became a friend, and Anthony Blunt, about whom he was consistently negative. He was an undergraduate at Balliol College, Oxford, where he was counted as an Aesthete.
Edwin P. Jenevein, M.D, is an American pathologist, and board certified in Anatomic and Clinical Pathology by the American Board of Pathology. He received his M.D. degree from Louisiana State University in New Orleans, Louisiana, and completed his residency at the University of Kentucky in Lexington, Kentucky later serving as assistant professor of pathology there.
Henry Flood (1732 -- 2 December 1791), Irish statesman, son of Warden Flood, Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench for Ireland, was educated at Trinity College, Dublin, and afterwards at Christ Church, Oxford, where he became proficient in the classics. He was a leading Irish politician, and a friend of Henry Grattan, the leader of the Irish Patriot Party.
Bernard McGinn (born 1937) is a theologian, historian, and scholar of spirituality, affiliated with the University of Chicago, where he is Naomi Shenstone Donnelley Professor Emeritus of Historical Theology and of the History of Christianity in the Divinity School and the Committees on Medieval Studies and on General Studies. He received educational degrees from the Pontifical Gregorian University (STL, 1963) and from Brandeis University (PhD, 1970). He retired (assumed emeritus status) in 2003, but has continued to publish scholarly work since that time.
Muir S. Fairchild graduated from Olympia High School in 1913, then entered the US Army's Signal Corps in 1913 in a reserve unit in Seattle, Washington, while he was a student at the University of Washington. In 1916, he entered the Washington National Guard with the rank of sergeant, and his unit was deployed in the search for Pancho Villa along the Mexican border, where he spent much time in a horse saddle in the desert heat. Watching observation planes flying overhead in the Unites State's first armed conflict using airplanes, Fairchild was an easy recruit when flyboys were being sought to fight with the French and Italians in the developing war in Europe, before the US entered WWI. Fairchild fought the Germans from the air over the Rhine, including night bombing missions, in an era when bombs were still being released from the grasp of the bombardier. A year later Fairchild became a flying cadet at Berkeley, California, getting his wings and commission in the Army's Aviation Section in January 1918.
Born in New York City on October 22, 1929, Stanley Cooperman became a Canadian citizen in 1972. Cooperman received his B.A. in 1951 and M.A. in 1955 from New York University and his Ph.D. in 1961 from the Indiana University, where he also taught. He taught English at Simon Fraser University from 1969 to 1976. He previously taught at Tehran University through a Fulbright Award, the University of Oregon and Hofstra University.
Prior to beginning his formal training, John Slater was introduced to painting by Rene Beard, a local Washington, D.C. oil painter. In 1961 he entered American University and trained under Julia Baker.
George Arthur Buttrick was born in Seaham Harbour, England on March 23, 1892. He attended the Victoria University of Manchester and moved to the United States. He served as a pastor in Quincy, Illinois, Rutland, Vermont, Buffalo, New York, and New York City. He gave a lecture series at Yale University, and in 1955 he became professor of Christian Morals at Harvard University. He was then a guest professor at the Union Theological Seminary in the City of New York, and in 1960 he taught at Garrett-- Evangelical Theological Seminary. He later taught at Davidson College, Vanderbilt University, and the Southern Baptist Seminary in Louisville, Kentucky.
Leslie was born in Adelaide, South Australia to Albert and Violeta Leslie. Albert Leslie, her father, was later known both as a former Olympian and as assistant coach to the Adelaide 36ers basketball team. A self-confessed tomboy when young, Michelle Leslie was educated at Sacred Heart College in Adelaide, and became interested in modeling only after her father gave her a course at a modeling school as a 15th birthday present. She enjoyed it enough to undertake a second course, and shortly thereafter left school in order to pursue a fulltime modeling career. She soon emerged as one of the ``most prominent catwalk and catalogue models'' in the state, working for stores such as David Jones and Harris Scarfe.
Peter Mansbridge received his first honorary degree in 1999 from Mount Allison University in Sackville, New Brunswick where he currently serves as Chancellor. On July 1, 2008, he was appointed by Michaëlle Jean, Governor General of Canada as Officer of the Order of Canada, the second grade of the highest civilian honour in Canada. He received an honorary Doctor of Laws degree from the University of Manitoba in Winnipeg, Manitoba in 2001. He received an honorary Doctor of Journalism degree from Ryerson University in Toronto in 2005. He received the honorary degree Doctor of Laws, honoris causa (LL.D.) from the University of Western Ontario, in London, Ontario on June 9, 2008. He received an honorary Doctor of Laws degree from the University of Windsor in Windsor, Ontario on June 17, 2010.
Louis Awad was born in the village of Sharuna in the district of Minya. He studied literature at Cairo University, Oxford University, and Princeton University. As chairman of the faculty of letters at Cairo University, Awad inaugurated in Egypt the modern study of literary criticism based on scientific principles. From 1945 to 1950 he joined with other writers who drew from Marxism and other sources in a call for the total reform of Egyptian society. His novel alAnqa (the Phoenix) expresses this orientation. In a volume of poetry, Plutoland, he introduced free verse forms to Egyptian literature and presented a scathing attack on traditionalism. Awad's unwavering critical stance continued after the 1952 revolution. As a consequence, he was forced to resign his position at Cairo University in 1954.
Vadim Tolstopyatov is a Russian ski-orienteering competitor. He received a silver medal in the sprint at the 2007 World Ski Orienteering Championships, behind Eduard Khrennikov, securing Russia a double victory in this distance.
George Papandreou graduated from King City Secondary School in 1970. He served as Prime Minister of Greece, is the son and grandson of former Greek prime ministers, and was the Foreign Minister of Greece from 1999 to 2004. He is also leader of Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK). Rasmus Lerdorf, original author of the PHP programming language, graduated from KCSS in 1988. Rick Hampton, a retired NHL hockey player, graduated from KCSS in 1975. Keith Glass, founded the country and bluegrass band Prairie Oyster in 1974, graduated from KCSS in 1972. Jeff O'Neill, a retired NHL hockey player, graduated from KCSS in the mid 1990s.
Ralph Ignatius Thomas Alles is a Sri Lankan educationalist. He served as the State Secretary for Ministry of Education from 1989 to 1993 and is currently holds the position of Chairman of the Gateway Group. R. I. T. Alles was educated at St. Aloysius' College, Galle and is the founder of D.S. Senanayake College, Colombo 07
Schuyler Erle is a free software developer and activist. He also works in the fields of digital cartography, wireless networking, intelligent search engines and the Semantic Web. He was the lead developer of NoCatAuth which is an open source wireless captive portal. Erle grew up in Philadelphia and Springfield, PA and after graduating from Springfield High School in 1995, went on to earn his degree at Temple University. He has created the popular games Balance of Power and Squigby.
Pietro Aldi was born at Saturnia. He studied at the Academy of Siena with Luigi Mussini. In 1874, he is rewarded at the Biningueci competition for La sconfitta di Corradino di Svevia a Tagliacozzo and obtained to continue his study in Rome and Venice. He painted historic subjects in the style of Antonio Ciseri with his master Mussini. He contributed at the frescoes of the Palazzo Pubblico in Siena. He died at the age of only 36.
Ruge grew up in Oslo in a family with strong military traditions. He attended Oslo Cathedral School. Already 20 years old, he was a military officer. He attended the Norwegian Military College (1905) and took the General Staff exam (1915). Colonel Otto Ruge became chief of the General Staff in 1933. In 1938 he resigned from the position and was appointed as inspector general of infantry.
Blake Harrison conceived of the idea that would become Flocabulary while in high school. Inspired by hip hop artists like Outkast and A Tribe Called Quest, Harrison wanted to combine the easy retainability of hip hop lyrics with educational content. Harrison graduated from the University of Pennsylvania with a degree in English. He then moved to San Francisco, where he met Alex Rappaport, a music graduate of Tufts University. Harrison shared his idea with Rappaport, and in 2004 the two made a demo recording of two songs with a combined total of 80 SAT words. Within two months Sparknotes made the songs available for free streaming, and soon afterward Harrison and Rappaport set up a Flocabulary website. Cider Mill Press published Flocabulary books and distributed them through Sterling Publishing to sell the book at Barnes & Noble and Borders stores. The Hip Hop Approach to SAT Vocabulary sold 10,000 copies in its first year of publication and was reprinted five times. In 2005, Flocabulary went on a promotional tour of concerts at schools. By early 2006, Flocabulary began self-publishing its products. Harrison and Rappaport raised $50,000 from family and friends and began visiting schools and education conferences to sell their products. Flocabulary entered into a contest for startup businesses at Columbia Business School and won a social value award. After participating in a collaborative business advice program with Columbia students, Harrison and Rappaport decided to stop self-publishing and returned to Cider Mill. Flocabulary raised $110,000 from investors and hired 30 sales representatives. In September 2007, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt released a line of Flocabulary products called ``Word Up'' for teaching standardized test vocabulary. Word Up! proved successful and helped to double their annual revenue in 2008 to $600,000. Flocabulary's 2007 release Shakespeare Is Hip-Hop featured musical and lyrical contributions from a number of hip hop artists, including Grammy Award-winner 9th Wonder. In 2008, Harrison and Rappaport created The Week in Rap, a weekly series of songs that has covered current events including the 2008 presidential election and the results of California Proposition 8. By 2009, Flocabulary made $900,000 in annual revenue. Flocabulary products have been used by 300,000 students in 12,000 schools across 100 school districts.
Dr. Zaza Tsotniashvili was educated in Georgia at Tbilisi State University and Tskhinvali State Pedagogical Institute. He also attended programs of study in:
John McGuire initially studied composition with Robert Gross at Occidental College, where he earned a BA in 1964. He received a succession of three Alfred E. Hertz Traveling Scholarships from the University of California at Berkeley (1965--66, 1966--67, 1967--68), and a Fulbright Traveling Scholarship (1966--67), which together enabled him to study with Krzysztof Penderecki at the Folkwang Hochschule in Essen from 1966--68, and at the Fourth Cologne Courses for New Music, under Karlheinz Stockhausen, in 1967 (Custodis 2004, 142). Two scholarships from the State of North Rhine-- Westphalia for studies in Germany made it possible for him to participate in the composition studios given by Stockhausen at Darmstadt in 1967 and again in 1968. Returning to the United States, he continued his studies at the University of California, Berkeley, where his composition teachers included Ingolf Dahl and Seymour Shifrin. After completing his MA there in 1970, he once again moved to Europe, at first studying computer composition with Gottfried Michael Koenig at the Institute of Sonology of the University of Utrecht from 1970 to 1971.
Greenville High School (GHS) is a Class A accredited public high school, serving around 1,250 ninth to twelfth grade students and employing 70 teachers, 18 support-staff members, 7 custodial/maintenance staff and 4 administrators . Located in Greenville, Michigan, GHS is part of the Greenville Public Schools district. Greenville's athletic program consists of over thirty teams, which are known as the ``Yellow Jackets'' Greenville's wrestling team was division 2 state champions in the 2007 season. The football team use to play at Black Field, now they will play at a new athletic facility which includes a new stadium located on-campus. They compete in the OK White Conference. Former NFL player Ty Hallock is a graduate of Greenville High School. http://www.databasefootball.com/players/playerpage.htm?ilkid=HALLOTY01
Osowski was a native of Leominster, Massachusetts and was very involved with his hometown community, sponsoring the Catherine Osowski Memorial Scholarship at his alma mater, Leominster High School, granted to students seeking careers in nursing. He also started and carried on the Mark Osowski Pro Basketball Camp for boys and girls.
Abraham (Avi) Bell is a Professor of Law at the University of San Diego School of Law and at Bar-Ilan University Faculty of Law. Bell received his B.A. and J.D. from the University of Chicago, and his S.J.D. from Harvard.
When Pond Farm Workshops fell apart in 1953, nearly all the residents left. Thereafter, a school and workshop on the site, called Pond Farm Pottery, were carried on by the community's only remaining artist, Bauhaus potter Marguerite Wildenhain, who continued to offer instruction through 1980. Among her students was Dean Schwarz, co-founder of South Bear School, who studied at Pond Farm during the 1960s. University of Utah Professor of Art, Dorothy Bearnson, participated in seven summer workshops with Wildenhain between 1947 and 1964.
Lee was born in Putney the son of a London architect. Known as Horace by his family. Following his education at Bradfield College he studied electrical engineering in Kensington. He served with the Royal Buckinghamshire Hussars during the Boer War, and on his return to England he moved to Coventry to finish his engineering training with the Daimler Company.
Ann Taylor (born c. 1945) is a newscaster for National Public Radio (NPR), contributing to All Things Considered since 1989. She graduated from Chatham Hall and attended Sweet Briar College, before transferring to and graduating from the University of Tennessee in Knoxville. She was a newscaster for WATE in Knoxville and WTOP in Washington, DC prior to joining NBC, where she was awarded the Gabriel Certificate of Merit.
Built by John Sisk & Son, it is a unique case study illustrating the role played by the Dublin schools in helping to renew Cork craftsmanship in the first decades of the twentieth-century. Rev. Sir John Robert O’Connell, educated by the Jesuits at Belvedere College, Dublin, was a driving force in its construction. The Irish Jesuits educated a number of the leading patrons of the Irish Arts & Crafts movement. Thomas Bodkin had attended Belvedere College and Clongowes Wood. He became Director of the National Gallery, Dublin (1927--35). One of the movement's internationally best-known craftsmen, Harry Clarke, a stained glass artist and book illustrator, was educated at Belvedere College. O'Connell worked closely with the president of University College Cork, Sir Bertram Allan Coghill Windle (1858--1929), to achieve his goals. The chapel and its liturgical collection are products of the Irish Arts & Crafts Movement (1894--1925). This accounts for the overall unity of style. It was envisaged that the chapel would serve the needs of college students residing in the nearby Honan Hostel (1914--1991).
Mario P. Fiori was born in Germany and raised in Brooklyn. He attended the United States Naval Academy, graduating in 1963. He also received an M.S. and Ph.D. in nuclear engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
He came from a political family (great-grandson of Thomas Coke Howard, member of the Georgia House of Representatives, and grandson of William S. Howard who served in the Georgia House, as well as the U.S. House of Representatives). Howard attended the University of Georgia, where he was captain of the tennis team and president of Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity. He graduated Phi Beta Kappa and went on to receive a law degree from the University of Georgia as well. In 1974, he married Nancy Barnes and they have two children, Christopher and Caroline.
Lewis H. Sweetser was a Republican politician from Idaho. He attended the University of California, Class of 1889, where he was a member of the Chi Phi Fraternity. Sweetser served as the 11th Lieutenant Governor of Idaho from 1909 to 1913 during the administrations of Governors James H. Brady and James H. Hawley.
Nicole Leach (b. May 10, 1979 in Montclair, New Jersey) is an American actress and singer. She attended Montclair High School. Leach attended Brown University, where she studied anthropology.
He played with Art Blakey and the Jazz Messengers in the early 1980s and in Tony Williams's quintet in the mid-1980s to early 1990s. He also has released numerous CDs for which he is the band leader. He studied with Joe Viola and Andy McGhee at Berklee College of Music, and with Joe Allard. He is the school's woodwind department chair.
Richard Clipston Sturgis Jr. (1880 - 1910) was born in Brookline, Massachusetts, the son of noted architect R. Clipston Sturgis. He attended St. Paul's School ('01) and Harvard University ('04) 1, following in his fathers footsteps became an architect. He died of pneumonia at age thirty in his home in Boston. His untimely death is memorialized in a poem by William Wordsworth engraved in the New Advent Church (Boston) which his father designed.
In his seven years at Colorado College, Rundle became the third-winningest coach in the school's football history behind Jerry Carle and W.T. Van de Graaff. When Rundle announced his decision to leave Colorado College to take the head coaching position at his alma mater, Albion College, a columnist in the Colorado Springs Gazette-Telegraph closed his coverage of the story as follows:``Craig Rundle is a special person in every way. This job brings us in contact with all kinds of coaches, most of whom go without more than a simple 'good luck, and nice working with you,' as they leave. But for this farewell, it seems appropriate to add something I've never written before. I wish I could have played for you, coach. I really do.''
Owen George 'Noddy' Stephens (born 9 January 1947 in Paeroa) is an New Zealander former rugby union and professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s and '70s who at representative level has played rugby union (RU) for New Zealand, Australia, Bay of Plenty, Wellington, and New South Wales, and at club level for Athletic Rugby Club, playing at Wing, i.e. number 11 or 14, and at club level has played rugby league (RL) for Parramatta Eels (twice), and Wakefield Trinity, playing at , i.e. number 2 or 5. Owen Stephens was a student at Tauranga Boys' College, he left New Zealand in 1970 and switched codes from rugby union to rugby league, he was reinstated back into rugby union while in Australia, but he later changed codes again to play rugby league. Only three players have played rugby union at Test match level for both New Zealand and Australia, they are; Des Connor, Ted Jessep and Owen Stephens.
Basil Temple Blackwood was the third son and fifth child of Frederick Hamilton-Temple-Blackwood, 1st Marquess of Dufferin and Ava and Hariot Hamilton-Temple-Blackwood. He was born in Clandeboye in Ireland. After spending part of his childhood in Canada, where his father was Governor-General, he attended Harrow School. He went up to Balliol College, Oxford in 1891, but never graduated. Whilst at Oxford, he became friends with Hilaire Belloc, with whom he would enjoy long walks and canoeing trips.
Grosvenor Atterbury (July 7, 1869 Detroit, MI - October 18, 1956 Southampton, NY) was an American architect, urban planner and writer. He studied at Yale University and then travelled in Europe. He studied architecture at Columbia University and worked in the offices of McKim, Mead & White. Much of Atterbury's early work consisted of weekend houses for wealthy industrialists. Atterbury was given the commission for the model housing community of Forest Hills Gardens which began in 1909 under the sponsorship of the Russell Sage Foundation.
Irene Dwomoh is a beauty queen who was name Miss Ghana 2006 and represented Ghana in Miss World 2007 in China, where she won the talent competition and got a fast track to the semi-finals. She studied Mathematics and Statistics at the University of Cape Coast.
Lisa Lutz is the American author of a series of novels about a family of private investigators, the Spellmans. She was born in Southern California in 1970. She attended UC Santa Cruz, UC Irvine, University of Leeds in England and San Francisco State University, all without attaining a degree. During the 1990s she had many low-paying jobs, including work as a private investigator, and spent a lot of time writing and re-writing a Mob comedy called Plan B. This was eventually made in 2000, and was described by Variety as ``torturously unfunny.'' In 2004 she started work in California on her first novel, The Spellman Files, which she finished holed up in New York while it was snowing. She returned to the west coast to write her second Spellman novel, and now lives in San Francisco.
John Barton was born in Edmonton, Alberta, in 1957 but was raised in Calgary. He studied at the University of Alberta, University of Calgary, University of Quebec, Victoria University, and Columbia University in New York.
Minnie Vautrin was born in Secor, Illinois. She was hard working and spent much of her childhood and teen years earning money to attend college. At 17, she attended Illinois State University in Normal, Illinois. She then graduated from the University of Illinois. She began a career in teaching, starting with high school in LeRoy, Illinois.
Dennis Mitchell was educated at Bloxham School and Pangbourne College before becoming an air cadet at RAF Cranwell. He flew multiple missions during the Second World War in the Far East and Europe. During the post-war 1940s Mitchell served at No 2 Group headquarters, British Air Forces of Occupation, No 84 Group and the Air Ministry, before learning to fly the Gloster Meteor, the RAF's first jet fighter.
Vernon Goodridge (born February 18, 1984) is an American professional basketball player. Goodridge was the 5th overall pick in the 2010 NBA Development League Draft by the Armor. He attended Mississippi State University and La Salle University. He is from Brooklyn, New York. In 33 games with the Armor, Goodridge averaged 9 points and 5.4 rebounds in 23.2 minutes per game, after which he was traded to the Red Claws for Eugene Spates.
William Howard Brett started his career in the field of library science at the young age of fourteen. Warren High School, ``where he was the youngest student'', asked him to be their librarian and he accepted. As reported in Portrait of a Librarian, a life-long friend and classmate, William C. Cochran, remembered that ``he (Brett) knew every book in the library, its place on the shelves and what it contained between its cover''. After his first year of college at the University of Michigan, William Brett moved to Cleveland, Ohio, married Alice Allen, started a family, and distinguished himself in the wholesale book distributing business. In 1884, he was appointed the head librarian for the Cleveland Public Library.
Chic Johnson studied classical piano at the Chicago Musical College. Johnson dropped out to support himself as a ragtime pianist in various Chicago-area cabarets and vaudeville houses. He broke into show business as a ragtime pianist and met his partner Ole Olsen, a violinist, when they were hired by the same band. Following the breakup of the band, they started doing comedy and by 1918 were Vaudeville headliners.
Lauren Frost (born May 25, 1985) is an American actress from Downers Grove, Illinois. She attended Downers Grove South High School for her freshman year before moving to California. She co-starred in the Disney Channel original series Even Stevens as Ren's best friend Ruby, from 2001 - 2003. She also co-starred in the follow-up film The Even Stevens Movie. She also is the star of a TV series called Web Girl as Casey Collins. Lauren Frost is an actress and singer/songwriter, who performed nationally and internationally with Barbra Streisand in Ms. Streisand's Timeless concert tours. Lauren portrayed and sang as ``Young Barbra'' in the live Timeless concerts, and on the Emmy-winning Fox TV Special and Grammy-nominated CD Recordings. Currently, Lauren is continuing her acting career, and performing with her band, ``Blue Lou.''
Three of the five were transplants from the east coast: Hiram F. Stevens, Clarence Halbert, and Ambrose Tighe. Stevens, a Vermont native, had read law with New York Court of Appeals Judge John K. Porter and graduated from Columbia Law School. When former Justice William Mitchell of the Minnesota Supreme Court died before assuming the deanship, Stevens took his place. Halbert came from New York, having graduated from Yale Law School. Tighe, also from New York, earned bachelor's and master's degrees from Yale, where he was a member of the college's Skull and Bones society. The other two founders, Thomas O'Brien and Moses Clapp, came from Minnesota and Indiana. O'Brien read law in St. Paul and later served as a justice of the Minnesota Supreme Court. Clapp graduated from the University of Wisconsin Law School, served three terms as Minnesota Attorney General, and later represented Minnesota in the United States Senate.
Nassim Maalouf (Arabic: نسيم معلوف) (b. Kafarakab, Lebanon, 1941) is a classical trumpet soloist particularly known for his adaptation of the trumpet to Arabic music. Maalouf studied at the Conservatoire de Paris with the great French trumpeter Maurice André, graduating in 1970.
Harl McDonald (July 27, 1899, Boulder, Colorado - March 30, 1955, Princeton, New Jersey) was an American composer, conductor, pianist and teacher. McDonald studied at the University of California, the University of Redlands, and the Leipzig Conservatory. He was appointed a lecturer at the University of Pennsylvania in 1927 and enjoyed other appointments at the University including the Director of the Music Department and Director of the University's Choral Society and the University of Pennsylvania Glee Club. In addition to his administrative duties with the University, McDonald composed numerous musical works and served on the Board of Directors of the Philadelphia Orchestra Association.
Triple H received one final shot at the World Heavyweight Championship, on the July 26, 2004 episode of Raw in an Iron Man match. Earlier that night, Orton won a number-one contender battle royal for the World Heavyweight Championship so a title match between Triple H and Orton could have taken place at SummerSlam. However, Eugene interfered in the Iron Man match and helped Benoit take the lead and retain the title in the final seconds. As a result, the main event of SummerSlam was a title match between Benoit and Orton. At SummerSlam, Orton pinned Benoit to become the new World Heavyweight Champion and the youngest World Champion in WWE history to date. On the August 16, 2004 episode of Raw, Orton was kicked out of Evolution following a successful defense of the title against Chris Benoit. Batista hoisted Orton on to his shoulders in what appeared to be a celebration, but following the thumbs down from Triple H, the group proceeded to attack Orton.
Frank O'Hara, the son of Russell Joseph O'Hara and Katherine (née Broderick) was born on March 27, 1926, at Maryland General Hospital, Baltimore and grew up in Grafton, Massachusetts. He attended St. John's High School in Worcester. He grew up believing he had been born in June, but in fact had been born in March, his parents having disguised his true date of birth because he was conceived out of wedlock. He studied piano at the New England Conservatory in Boston from 1941 to 1944 and served in the South Pacific and Japan as a sonarman on the destroyer USS Nicholas during World War II.
Joe Pasternack is an American college basketball coach, currently serving as an assistant for the Arizona Wildcats since May 2011. Pasternack previously served as the head men's basketball coach at the University of New Orleans. He assumed the role in July 2007 after the resignation of Buzz Williams. Pasternack was an assistant coach at Cal. He graduated from Indiana University. He attended Metairie Park Country Day School for high school were he played 4 years of high school basketball.
The company's founder and CEO is RJ Scaringe, a graduate of the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Sloan Automotive Laboratory. Rivian is based in Rockledge, Florida, USA, and has around 30 employees, as well as 20 more contract workers, though it has plans to eventually employ as many as 1,200 people.
Betty T. Bennett (1935--2006) was Distinguished Professor of Literature and Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences (1985--1997) at American University. She was previously Dean of the School of Liberal Arts and Sciences and acting provost of Pratt Institute from 1979 to 1985. Among her numerous awards and honors, Bennett was a fellow of the National Endowment for the Humanities and fellow of American Council of Learned Societies. She won the Keats-Shelley Association of America - Distinguished Scholar Award in 1992 and was Founding President, Phi Beta Kappa, Zeta Chapter at American University. Born in Brooklyn, New York, Bennett graduated from Brooklyn College magna cum laude and later received a master's degree (1962) and PhD (1970) in English and American literature from New York University.
George Hay Lee was born in Winchester, Virginia, in 1808. He attended the University of Virginia in 1827-28 and studied law under Judge Henry St. George Tucker in Winchester. In 1854, he was elected to the Virginia Court of Appeals. He was living, at that time, in what is now West Virginia so he did not sit on the court after the April 1861 term when the state of West Virginia was formed as a result of the northwestern counties of Virginia refusing to join the remainder of the state in joining the Confederacy.
He was the second son of Alexander Brown and his wife Sarah Benedict Brown, daughter of James Brown. His paternal grandfather was the banker and merchant Sir William Brown, 1st Baronet, and his younger brother the Liberal politician Sir Alexander Brown, 1st Baronet. Brown was educated at Trinity Hall, Cambridge, where he graduated with a Master of Arts.
On October 5, 1899, she married Henry Wise Miller at Grace Church Chapel in New York City. He was born in 1877, the son of Lt. Commander Jacob Miller, in Nice, France, where his father was serving with the U.S. Navy. He was an 1892 graduate of Harvard University. They left for Costa Rica, where he attempted to develop rubber cultivation. This venture eventually failed; in 1903, she, her husband and young son returned to New York, where they lived in difficulty for some time, he working in the Stock Exchange, she teaching, which she hated. After a time, her husband earned more and she was able to dedicate her working time entirely to writing.
R. Sawan White is a contemporary, abstract artist, residing in Richmond, Virginia. White studied art at Virginia Commonwealth University for two years, then transferred to the Loughborough University School of Art and Design in Loughborough, England. White received a First Degree in Fine Art Printmaking with highest honors from Loughborough University.
Yuya Saito (斉藤祐也) (born 28 April 1977) is a Japanese rugby union footballer. He plays as No. 8, currently for Toyota Jido Shokki. He graduated from Meiji University and used to play for Suntory Sungoliath before he went to play professional rugby in France for about one season.
Clinton is where soap opera actress Laura Wright grew up. She graduated from Surrattsville High School in 1988. Clinton is also where R&B singer Tank grew up. NFL running back Brian Westbrook, known for playing for the Philadelphia Eagles and currently playing for the San Francisco 49ers, grew up in Clinton.
Jim Bernstein is an American television writer. Currently, he is writing for the animated series Phineas and Ferb. He is a graduate of the USC School of Cinematic Arts.
Eva Ollikainen (born 1982) is a Finnish conductor. She began piano studies at age 3, and also learned the violin and French horn. She started conducting studies by age 12. She attended the Sibelius Academy from 1994 to 2002 and graduated in 2002 with a Master of Music Degree in piano. She studied conducting with Jorma Panula and Leif Segerstam.
He was born in Odense as the son of Honoré Bonnevie and his wife Boel Corneliusdatter. His mother hailed from Svelvik, whereas his father hailed from Antibes, France. He had migrated to Norway from France around 1700, but then moved to Denmark. Honoratus Bonnevie was educated as a pharmacist in Odense, then he studied medicine at the University of Copenhagen, graduating in 1749. He came to Norway in 1754, and worked in Raabygdelaget, Stavanger, Egersund and Mandal. His son Andreas was born here in 1782.
Liviu Marinescu (b. February 12, 1970, Bucharest) is a Romanian composer of orchestral and chamber music, currently teaching at California State University, Northridge. His music has been recorded and released by Capstone Records and Centaur Records, and has been performed by the Cleveland Chamber Symphony, Orchestra 2001, Bohuslav Martinu Symphony, as well as the National Chamber Radio Orchestra and the Bucharest Music Academy Symphony in Romania. He studied music composition at the National University of Music Bucharest with Adrian Iorgulescu, and Cleveland State University with Edwin London. In 2000 he completed his Doctor of Musical Arts degree at University of Maryland, where he worked with Lawrence Moss. In 2002 he was awarded a prize and commission by the Fromm Foundation at Harvard University.
Renner attended West Springfield High School in West Springfield, Virginia, where he threw for 3,123 yards and 35 touchdowns as a senior. He was selected as a SuperPrep All-American and ranked as the No. 3 quarterback in the United States. His father Bill Renner was a punter for the Green Bay Packers in the National Football League.
The 2004 LSU Tigers football team represented Louisiana State University in the college football season of 2004--2005. Coached by Nick Saban in his last season at LSU, the Tigers played their home games at Tiger Stadium in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The team finished with a 9--3 record and an appearance in the Capital One Bowl against Iowa. Iowa won the bowl game on a miraculous last second hail mary pass for a touchdown.
The 2000 LSU Tigers football team represented Louisiana State University in the college football season of 2000--2001. Coached by Nick Saban in his first year at LSU, the Tigers played their home games at Tiger Stadium in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Saban led the team to a remarkable turnaround from a dismal 3--8 record in 1999 to an 8--4 record and a victory in the Peach Bowl. This was a sign of good things to come for LSU, who won the SEC title the next season.
David Horspool (born 1971) is a historian and sport editor of the Times Literary Supplement. His first book - Why Alfred Burned the Cakes: A King and His 1100-year Afterlife, was a scholarly yet popular history of the reign of King Alfred. His next book, published in August 2009, is The English Rebel: One Thousand Years of Trouble-making from the Normans to the Nineties - a history of rebellion from Magna Carta to Arthur Scargill. A scholar at Eton and Christ Church, Oxford, he writes for the Sunday Times, The Guardian, the Telegraph and the New York Times.
Stires was born in Alexandria, Virginia, to a family of musicians. His grandparents were the mezzo-soprano Louise Homer and the American art song composer Sidney Homer, while his cousin was the composer Samuel Barber. He was educated first at the Episcopal High School in Alexandria and then at Harvard and Dartmouth, finally graduating from Trinity College in Connecticut. After service as a U.S. Navy pilot in World War II, Stires worked as a television advertising executive, first for NBC in California and then later for CBS in Boston. Although he had begun improvising jazz on the piano while still a small child, he did not devote himself to music as a career until 1962 when he studied composition with Nicolas Slonimsky and Francis Judd Cooke.
Hugh Robert Mill (28 May 1861 -- 5 April 1950) was a Scottish geographer and meteorologist who was influential in the reform of geography teaching, and in the development of meteorology as a science. Educated in Scotland, he graduated from the University of Edinburgh in 1883. In 1892 he was appointed librarian to the Royal Geographical Society in London, a post which he held during the Society's involvement with the leading British Antarctic expeditions of the late 19th and early 20th centuries. He was a friend and confidant to Scott, Shackleton, and especially to William Speirs Bruce, who led the Scottish National Antarctic Expedition, 1902--04. He initiated Bruce's move from medicine to polar research by recommending him to the Dundee Whaling Expedition to the Antarctic, 1892--93, and to other Arctic expeditions. In 1923 he produced the first full-length biography of Shackleton.
Anna Mikhailova was born in Moscow, Russia. At the age of 6 she started her musical education. In 1996, at the age of 12, she held her first concert as a composer, when she introduced her chamber, vocal and piano music. She graduated from the Special Central Tchaikovsky Musical School in 2001. In 2007 she graduated from the Moscow Conservatory as a composer in the class of professor Tikhon Khrennikov, as an organist in the class of professor L. Shishkhanova, and as koto player. She is postgraduate student in the Moscow Conservatory in the class of Vladimir Tarnopolsky. In June 2008, she attended Columbia College's graduate music program in Chicago, Illinois, USA.
Dr. Constance DeFotis (born 1952) is a singer, conductor, and musical teacher, currently the resident Director of Choral Activities at the University of Connecticut. She has taught at University of Chicago, Harvard University, The College of William and Mary, the Knabenchor der St. Hedwigs-Kathedrale in Berlin, Vassar College, Lake Forest College, Wellesley College, and DePaul University.
Ron Protas is the former Associate Director of the Martha Graham Center of Contemporary Dance and heir of modern dance choreographer Martha Graham. Agnes de Mille writes in Martha: The Life and Work of Martha Graham that in the late 1960s Protas, who had been a law student at Columbia University, became introduced to the Martha Graham Dance Company. De Mille writes that Protas was not well liked by company members, as he was not a dancer and had no reason to be involved with the company. Initially, Graham did not like Protas. But when Graham's health began to fail, as a result of her alcoholism and depression over having to retire from her performing career, Protas stepped in and nursed Graham back to health. De Mille writes that over the next several years the influence of Protas grew, eventually he and Graham restructured the company entirely. According to de Mille, Protas soon embarked on a campaign to copyright the Martha Graham Dance Technique: ``Now, under the guidance of Ron Protas, there was an attempt to charge royalties for all usage, not only of composed dances, but of actual technique: an impossible objective.'' Eventually, Protas became the second most powerful person in the Martha Graham Center of Contemporary Dance, second only to the founder herself.
As Czaban frequently jokes, he grew up ``on the mean streets of McLean, Virginia'', where he attended Langley High School and Cooper Middle School. His father was a computer-systems analyst for the U.S. Department of Agriculture, and his mother taught elementary school. He received a B.S. in Communications and Political Science in 1990 from University of California, Santa Barbara. While at UCSB he was the radio announcer for the Gauchos' basketball and football teams while also hosting a local sports show. After college, Czaban moved back to his hometown and was hired by Andy Pollin at WTEM-AM (now ESPN 980) to do updates as a part-timer. Then he was on to Chicago for One-On-One Sports Radio Network, where he met Bob and Brian, Charlotte's WFNZ-AM, six months at ESPN Radio and then back to WTEM, where he was finally paired with Pollin on ``The Sports Reporters.'' He hosted GameTime with Steve Czaban on Fox Sports Radio from 2002--2005 and was formerly a guest host on The Jim Rome Show.
Wood was born the son of Thomas Wood MP for Breconshire. He was educated at Harrow School. He lived at the family estates of Littleton, Middlesex, and Gwernyfed Park, Breconshire, Wales. He became an officer in the Grenadier Guards. In 1837 he was elected Member of Parliament for Middlesex. He held the seat until 1847. Also in 1841 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society.
Pat Downey (born June 21, 1974 in Salem, Massachusetts) is a former American football center in the National Football League for the San Diego Chargers, the New England Patriots, and the Washington Redskins. Downey was also with the Atlanta Falcons in 2002 as a member of their Practice Squad. He played in the NFL Europe League in 2002 for the Frankfurt Galaxy where he started at both Center and Guard. Downey also played in the Arena Football League for the Nashville Kats, where he played in the Arena Bowl in 2000 and 2001, and for John Elway's Colorado Crush in 2004. He was a two sport all-star in football and track & field at Bishop Fenwick High School in Peabody, Massachusetts. Downey was a two-time all-star in football and was named captain of the Harry Agganis All-Star Classic. He also holds the school record in the shot put (53'6``) for track & field. Pat did a postgraduate year at Worcester Academy where he was named MVP of the Hilltoppers 1992 Football Team as a center. Downey received a full-athletic scholarship to play college football at the University of New Hampshire, a national powerhouse Division 1-AA program. At UNH, Downey was named Team Captain in 1997 and was a Two-Time All-Star. He was named First Team All-Atlantic 10, First Team All-East and First Team All-New England for the Wildcats.
Mac Scarce (born Guerrand McCurdy Scarce on April 8, 1949, in Danville, Virginia) is a former baseball player who played in parts of 5 seasons from 1972--1978. During his short career, the 6' 3`` lefty pitched primarily for the Philadelphia Phillies, as well as appearing briefly with the New York Mets and the Minnesota Twins. He attended Florida State University before being drafted.
Born in West Ashton in Wiltshire, he was the oldest son of Richard Godolphin Long and his wife Florentina, daughter of Sir Bourchier Wrey, 6th Baronet. Long was educated at Winchester College and then went to Christ Church, Oxford, where he graduated with a Master of Arts in 1812.
Jackson Li ()is a prominent ceramics artist from Jingdezhen, China. He received MFAs from Jingdezhen Ceramic Institute and then from Alfred University. He is a member of the International Academy of Ceramics (IAC) and the founder of China Sanbao Ceramic Working Village. For the past ten years, he has served as a professor and research fellow at China Ceramic Cultural Research Institute, Jingdezhen Ceramic Institute. His work is exhibited and collected internationally. Contribution Contemporary ceramic artist Jackson Li is the founder of the Post Royal china ware movement. Through deconstructing and reconstructing strategies, Jackson transformed Chinese ceramic traditions, stimulating people to reevaluate and contemplate the meaning of tradition. Jackson's works are categorized as Post Royal china ware after 2000, after then he focuses on reassembling and compressing elements from utilitarian, symbolic, functional, burial, religious, and folk iconography. These free, tactile, spontaneous works reflect the long traditions of official ceramic art in China, such as Cizhou (known for its painted black pottery) and Yaozhou (known for its incised lines on pottery surfaces) wares. In contrast to the wide range of wares of the common people, the ``Royal china ware,''was renowned for its requiring of high firing temperature, elegant, precise, refined character, and quality. In recent years, Jackson devoted himself to rediscovering and reinterpreting this classic ceramic art of China. He applied these methods in his works, and the result is his Post Royal china ware. Jackson is also remarkable in his effort to preserve and reinterpret the heritage of Chinese culture. Jackson collects, preserves, and reconstructs dismantled old buildings in his hometown of Jingdezhen, the ancient ceramic capital. By tirelessly visiting, filming, and documenting ceramic masters and artisan families at work and play, he captures daily life at kiln sites that are on the verge of abandonment. Through his creative interpretations, Jackson not only informs others about traditional Chinese ceramic heritage, but also redefines it, creating resonance and sparking dialogue in contemporary society. Early days in the United States Jackson received a strong foundation in ceramic arts in his early days, and earned a Master's degree from Jingdezhen Ceramic Institute in 1990. In 1993, he enrolled in the prestigious ceramic program at SUNY Alfred University to pursue a second MFA.There he caught the attention of his teacher Wayne Higby.Jackson's stay at Alfred University coincided with the height of Postmodernism, a movement that profoundly affected his work and outlook. He was became dissatisfied with the order, perfection, and visual purity of ceramic art forms, and with formalism devoid of content in ceramic art.
Salama was born in Ponca City, Oklahoma, United States. His parents immigrated to the United States from Egypt in the late 1960s to attend graduate school. Kareem Salama, literally translates to Generous Peace, that he also used as title of his first album. He holds a degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of Oklahoma and a graduate degree in Law from the University of Iowa.
William Heneker was born in Sherbrooke, Quebec on 22 August 1867, the son of Richard William Heneker and of Elizabeth, daughter of Captain E Tuson RN. He received his early education at Bishop's College in Lennoxville, Quebec, and then later entered military life when he enrolled at the Royal Military College of Canada in Kingston, Ontario on 1 September 1884. Assigned student # 168, he graduated from RMC on 28 June 1888 with the rank of Sergeant and first class grades.
Born in Bletchley, Buckinghamshire, Christopher Herrick was a boy chorister at St Paul's Cathedral and attended its choir school; he sang at the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II in 1953 and later that year went with the choir on a three-month tour of America which included a private concert in the White House and a meeting with President Dwight D. Eisenhower. At the age of 12, he was inspired to learn the organ after Sir John Dykes Bower, organist of St Paul's, asked him to accompany him to the cathedral organ loft to turn pages for him for a BBC recording. His response to Herrick's aspiration to become a concert organist was not encouraging: 'Well... I suppose it might be just possible to be an organist giving concerts, with no permanent church appointment -- but even Thalben-Ball has a city church. ' He later attended Cranleigh School, where he was able to continue his organ study.
Thomas Galloway (26 February 1796 -- 1 November 1851) was a Scottish mathematician born in Symington, South Lanarkshire, Scotland. In 1812 he entered the University of Edinburgh, where he distinguished himself in mathematics. In 1823 he was appointed one of the teachers of mathematics at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst, and in 1833 he became an actuary of the Amicable Life Assurance Office, the oldest institution of that kind in London, where he remained until his death in 1851. Galloway was a voluminous, though, for the most part, anonymous, writer. His most notable paper, ``On the proper motion of the solar system'', was published in the Philosophical Transactions of 1847. He contributed largely to the seventh edition of Encyclopaedia Britannica, and also wrote several scientific papers for the Edinburgh Review and various scientific journals. His Encyclopaedia article, ``Probability'', was published separately.
Margaret Davis Bowen (May 24, 1894 -- April 1976) was a religious leader, civil rights activist and educator who led the Gilbert Academy, a top private black college in New Orleans, during the late 1930s. She received her M. Ed. from the University of Cincinnati in 1935. From 1936-1939 she served as international president of Alpha Kappa Alpha sorority, which retains a Margaret Davis Bowen Outstanding Alumni Award for the Southeast Region. In 1948 she resigned from Gilbert and moved to Atlanta where she was active in the Methodist church.
Harishkumar S. Patel (Sunil Malhotra) is a geeky student from a small village in Gujarat, India who is attending the University of Houston, while living with his uncle (his father's best friend). His uncle, Dr. Bakshi, has an American-born son who's Hari's age, Mohan Bakshi (Kal Penn). Mohan, known as Mo, is a popular student at UH. He shows Hari around the college but then stays away from him because of Hari's nerdy ways.
August Alle was the son of a stonemason. He attended the parish school in Viljandi, then the evening school in Narva. In 1915, he enrolled as an external student in Oryol and began studying pharmacy, but he soon abandoned those studies. From 1915 to 1918 he studied medicine at the University of Saratov. From August 1922 Alle studied law at the University of Tartu. He postponed his final law exams until 1937. He subsequently practiced as a freelance lawyer.
Scott Gessler is a businessman, Republican Party activist. He is the Secretary of State of Colorado. He received a law degree from University of Michigan.
Thomas Croke was born in Castlecor (parish of Ballyclough), County Cork, in 1824. He was the third of eight children of William Croke, an estate agent, and his wife, Isabella Plummer, daughter of an aristocratic Protestant family who disowned her following her Catholic marriage in 1817. After William Croke died in 1834 his brother, the Reverend Thomas Croke, supervised the education and upbringing of the children. Two of Thomas's brothers entered the priesthood, while two sisters became nuns. He was educated in Charleville, County Cork and at the Irish College in Paris and the Irish College in Rome, winning academic distinctions including a doctorate of divinity with honours. He was ordained in May 1847. Croke's brother, James, was also a priest and served in the Pacific Northwest helping to found several churches including St. Joseph's Catholic Church in Oregon Territory. The Irish radical William O'Brien said that Thomas Croke fought on the barricades in Paris during the 1848 French Revolution. Croke returned to Ireland and spent the next 23 years working there. In 1858 he became the first president of St Colman's College, Fermoy, County Cork and then served as both parish priest of Doneraile and Vicar General of Cloyne diocese from 1866 to 1870. Thomas Croke attended the First Vatican Council as the theologian to the Bishop of Cloyne 1870.
Derek Rackley attended Apple Valley High School in Apple Valley, Minnesota. As a senior, he was an All-State Honorable Mention honoree and an Academic All-State honoree. He graduated in 1995 from Apple Valley High School with honors.
Robert Ivie (b. July 29, 1945, in Medford, Oregon) obtained a Ph.D. in rhetoric and communication in 1972 from Washington State University. He taught at Gonzaga University from 1972-1974, at Idaho State University from 1974-1975, at Washington State University from 1975-1986 (where he was briefly chair of the communication department in 1983) and at Texas A&M University from 1986-1993. In 1993, he came to Indiana University where he is a professor of Rhetoric and Public Culture in the Department of Communication and Culture at Indiana University.
Anthony Allen (born August 6, 1988) is an American football running back for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League. He was drafted by the Ravens in the seventh round of the 2011 NFL Draft. His freshman year of college he attended Louisville University and set freshman rushing records. He then played the rest of his college career at Georgia Tech. He attended Jesuit High School (Tampa)
Robert Wintgen (June 13, 1882 ) was a German chemist. Wintgen studied at the University of Bonn and made his Ph.D with E. Rimbach at the University of Berlin.
He was born in Sale, Cheshire. At Manchester Grammar School his affinity for Sir Thomas More first developed. He attended the University of Manchester, and, after war service, the University of Exeter. For many years he taught English and history at Millfield School and only became a full time writer at the age of 33 when his play The Flowering Cherry was staged in London in 1958, with Celia Johnson and Ralph Richardson.
Wilfrid Prest read history at the University of Melbourne and then studied for his PhD at the University of Oxford. He became a lecturer at the University of Adelaide in 1966. He subsequently spent two years (1969--71) as assistant professor at The Johns Hopkins University, in Baltimore, before returning to the University of Adelaide, where he remained a member of the history department until July 2002. Between 1978 and 1985, he was also chairman of the Board of the Art Gallery of South Australia.
Timothy J. Clark (born 1951) is an American painter known for his watercolors, oils, and drawings of modern still lifes, landscapes, interiors and portraits. He was born and raised in Santa Ana, California and attended Otis Art Institute and then the Art Center School of Design where he worked with Harry Carmean in 1969. He graduated from the Chouinard Art Institute in Los Angeles (CFA '72) and the California Institute of the Arts (BA 1975) where he worked with Harold Kramer, Emerson Woelffer, and Donald W. Graham. Clark received his Masters Degree from California State University, Long Beach in 1978 where he worked with Joyce Tremain. He currently serves on the CalArts Alumni Board of Directors.
Nneka Elliott was a weather anchor, reporter and traffic specialist at CP24 from July 2008 until May 2011. She lived in St. Vincent and the Grenadines before moving to Canada. She graduated from Ryerson University's radio and television program in Toronto in 2006. Previous to joining The Weather Network, Elliot was a reporter, audio editor and anchor for CFRB in Toronto. Elliot has also co-hosted a weekend radio program at HITZ FM in St. Vincent and wrote for its news station. She has an interest in geography and climate, and continued on to work for The Weather Network. She was also a member of Canadian Idol's top 100 in season 2.
When Lama Yeshe Jinpa was 12 his mother re-married and moved the family out to Colorado, which eventually proved influential in his existential and spiritual search. At age 15, a family vacation to Japan gave him a taste of Buddhist temples and meditation styles, and in high school, he had an influential teacher who assigned Buddhist readings. During his freshman year (1971) at the University of Colorado at Boulder, Lama Yeshe Jinpa met Chogyam Trungpa Rinpoche. He then attended Middlebury College in Vermont, where he was influenced by professor and Zen Buddhist Steven Rockefeller. From 1975 to 1980, Lama Yeshe Jinpa joined the Buddhist Studies program at Naropa University in Boulder. In 1977, as part of his studies at Naropa University, Lama Yeshe Jinpa did Zen training with Kyozan Joshu Sasaki Roshi before helping him establish a Boulder Zen Center in 1978. While Lama Yeshe Jinpa didn't finish the program, he did become an educated yogi with help from teachers like Reginald Ray, PhD and Judith Simmer-Brown, PhD.
The Georgia State Panthers men's basketball team is currently coached by former IUPUI coach Ron Hunter. On March 21, 2011: President Mark P. Becker and Director of Athletics Cheryl L. Levick announced Hunter as the new head men's basketball coach at Georgia State University. The 2011-12 season will be his first with the Panthers. Ron Hunter is a spokesman for Samaritans Feet, an organization that donates footwear to poverty stricken children. His involvement in this organization has led him to coach a number of games at IUPUI barefooted, a tradition which he intends to continue in his career at Georgia State.
The 2011-12 Georgia State men's basketball team represents Georgia State University during the college basketball season of 2011--2012. The team's head coach is Ron Hunter, 2011 being his first season at GSU. They will play their home games at GSU Sports Arena and are members of the Colonial Athletic Association.
Tom Norris was born in Kent and attended Chetham's School of Music as a child. Later he studied at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama in London, and began singing and playing in local clubs as a jazz violinist with musicians including Lionel Grigson. After finishing school, he played as an extra with the London Symphony Orchestra, began to write songs and toured in a piano trio with Norbert Zehm and Kate Shortt. He continued his studies at Banff Centre for the Arts in Alberta, Canada, and then took a position for two years as Principal Second Violinist with the Winnipeg Symphony Orchestra. He returned to London for a position with the London Symphony Orchestra, where he plays Co-Principal Second Violin.
MacLeish was born in Glencoe, Illinois. His father, Scottish-born Andrew MacLeish, worked as a dry goods merchant. His mother, Martha (née Hillard), was a college professor and had served as president of Rockford College. He grew up on an estate bordering Lake Michigan. He attended the Hotchkiss School from 1907 to 1911 before entering Yale University, where he majored in English, was elected to Phi Beta Kappa, and was selected for the Skull and Bones society. He then enrolled in Harvard Law School, where he served as an editor of the Harvard Law Review. In 1916, he married Ada Hitchcock. His studies were interrupted by World War I, in which he served first as an ambulance driver and later as a captain of artillery. He graduated from law school in 1919, taught law for a semester for the government department at Harvard, then worked briefly as an editor for The New Republic. He next spent three years practicing law.
Judith E. Stein (born 1943) is a Philadelphia-based art historian and curator. She earned a B.A. Art History from Barnard College, New York City in 1965, and an M.A. and Ph.D. in Art History from the University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia in 1967 and 1981, respectively. She studied at the Courtauld Institute of Art in London from 1967-1968.
Marquise Goodwin (born November 19, 1990, in Lubbock, Texas) is a sprinter and jumper for the University of Texas track team and also competes in football as a wide receiver. Currently he is a sophomore on scholarship to run track for the University of Texas-Austin track team and is one of the premier underclassmen in country in the long jump as well as the 60 metres and 100 metres dashes and the triple jump. He competed in five events during his high school track career at Rowlett High School where he broke the National High School record in the long jump at the U.S. Championships, finishing with a mark of . Goodwin is from Rowlett, Texas.
After the war, Low completed his studies at Columbia University, earning a Ph.D. in Physics in 1950. He then worked at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey, before taking up a faculty position at the University of Illinois.
Cale Morton attended Hale School in Western Australia and was a member of both the 1st XVIII football side and 1st XI cricket side, captaining the 1st XVIII in his final year at school.
Little finished fifth in the World Poker Tour (WPT) PokerStars.com Caribbean Poker Adventure Championship winning $317,000 and went to win the WPT Mirage Poker Showdown title, earning $1,091,295 the final table was made of four other professional poker players, Cory Carroll who finished runner-up, Darrell Dicken (3rd), Phil Ivey (5th) and Amnon Filippi (6th). In November 2007 he finished runner-up to Scott Clements in the WPT North American Poker Championship, where he earned an additional $715,702. Jonathan Little is the WPT Season VI Player of the Year.
Nancy Yasecko is a media artist and educator who grew up and is still living on the Space Coast of Florida. She graduated from Cocoa Beach High School in 1972,and received her B.A. from the University of South Florida in 1975, and her M.A. in Instructional Technology from the University of Central Florida 1997.
Ross Cohen is the cofounder of Bittorrent Inc along with brother Bram Cohen, where among other things he was involved in the Codeville project. He attended Carnegie Mellon University and Stuyvesant High School. He was forced out of the company in 2006. Since then, he has been involved with his own anxiety treatment business.
Bakr bin Laden attended college at the University of Miami in Coral Gables, Florida, United States in 1979.
Raised in northern Virginia, Fraize attended the New England Conservatory of Music in Boston where he studied classical saxophone. He later studied at the Royal Conservatory of The Hague under Dutch saxophonist Leo van Oostrom. While there Fraize worked with Scapes, a quintet which won first prize at the 1989 Middelzee Jazz Concours. On returning to the United States in 1989, Fraize formed the fusion group, Stickman, which performed at the Mellon Jazz Festival in Pittsburgh. Fraize is a member of the Greg Hatza Organization and is also in a rock group, The Emptys. His jazz group, The Peter Fraize Quartet, won the 1999 Wammie award (Washington Area Music Association) for Contemporary Jazz Ensembles. In July 2008, Fraize performed two concerts in Lima, as well as giving master classes in several colleges and institutes in Peru.
Richard Lesh (or Dick Lesh as he is commonly known to colleagues and friends) is a professor of Learning Sciences, Cognitive Science, and Mathematics Education at Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana. He graduated from Indiana University in 1971 with a Ph.D. in Mathematics, Cognitive Psychology, and Statistics for Research in the Social Sciences. He is also a graduate of Hanover College where he received a B.A. in Mathematics and Physics.
From 1989 Martin Aunin studied in the Tallinn University of Arts (today's Estonian Academy of Arts) in the department of architecture. He graduated from the university in 1993. From 1993 to 1994 he studied in the Technical University of Helsinki. In 1997 he received his MA in architecture from the Estonian Academy of Arts and from the Technical University of Helsinki.
Kirsopp Lake was born in Southampton, England, on 7 April 1872, the elder of two surviving children of George Anthony Kirsopp Lake, a physician, and Isabel Oke Clark. His father came from a family of Scottish origin and Kirsopp was the family name of the boy's paternal grandmother. He was educated at St Paul's School, London and then went up to Lincoln College, Oxford, matriculating in 1891. He attended as an Exhibitioner and was the Skinners' Company's Scholar in 1893, finally graduating (B.A., 1895) with a second class in theology. He also attended Cuddesdon Theological College in 1895. He originally had intended to read law and to pursue a career in politics. However, an overdose of exercise, too soon after influenza, affected his heart and he was told by doctors that law and politics were out of the question. According to his son, ``he was delicate and the church seemed to give the opportunity for a living and for some influence over the society that interested him.''
Eric Shansby, commonly known as Shansby, is a cartoonist and illustrator for various American periodicals, including the Washington Post. His cartoons appear weekly next to humorist Gene Weingarten's ``Below The Beltway'' column. Shansby is from Silver Spring, Maryland. He studied philosophy at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut. Shansby attended the Communication Arts Program at Montgomery Blair High School. Shansby's cartoons have been featured in the book Best Editorial Cartoons of the Year since 2004. In 2006 Shansby was featured in the Yale Daily News's list of ``Mover and Shakers'' on campus. Shansby has won numerous awards for his editorial cartoons, including an American Society of Newspaper Editors award in 2003 and a Maryland State Teachers Association award for media coverage of public education. In 2003 he swept the Columbia Scholastic Press Association's Gold Circle awards, taking first place in all three cartooning categories. In 2002, Shansby won the national Amazing Kids Comic Contest, resulting in a yearlong apprenticeship with Nancy creator Guy Gilchrist. In 2001 Shansby became the youngest journalist ever to receive a professional award from the Maryland-Delaware-DC Press Association.
James Fawcett is a Republican member of the Kansas House of Representatives representing the 65th District which includes Junction City and Alta Vista and parts of Geary and Wabasunsee Counties in Kansas. Fawcett's first term began in January of 2011. Fawcett attended Washburn University for his BA in History/Political Science and studied banking at the University of Colorado Graduate School of Banking. Fawcett served in the 101st Airborne Division leaving the service in 1975 as a disabled Vietnam veteran with the rank of captain.
Alf R. Bjercke attended primary school at Majorstuen, in a class together with Øistein Parmann, Birger Mathisen and Rolf Kirkvaag. He later took what he himself has described as a ``lousy'' examen artium. He studied chemical technology at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology from 1939 to 1941. He pledged the fraternity of Phi Gamma Delta (FIJI), but his studies were interrupted because of Bjercke's wish to participate in World War II. He served with the Royal Norwegian Air Force-in-exile, in Canada and the United Kingdom, from 1941 to 1945. He did not return to MIT after the war, but instead started a career in the family business. He also served in the Air Force from 1948 to 1949, and reached the rank of major as Senior Intelligence Officer in NATO's Northern HQ. He was initiated in 1989 at his chapter's centennial celebration.
Hart Goodloe (January 31, 1875 - March 21, 1954) was a surgeon in the First World War who served at Saint-Mihiel and the Meuse-Argonne Offensive. Hart Goodloe was born in Danville, Kentucky in 1875. He is a graduate of University of Louisville's School of Medicine and a member of Phi Chi Medical Fraternity's Alpha Alpha-Gamma Chapter serving as Grand Presiding Senior (President) of the Grand Chapter from 1900-1901. On August 13, 1917 he enlisted in the U.S. Army at age 42. He was commissioned to the rank of major and was a surgeon in the army. By 1918 he was sent over to France and saw action at the Battle of Saint-Mihiel and Meuse-Argonne Offensive. He was discharged from service on March 18, 1919, and resided in St. Louis, Missouri. His war documents were destroyed in a fire at the St. Louis archives. He died at Veterans Hospital, Biloxi, Mississippi, on March 21, 1954 at age 79.
Margaret M. Mitchell is an American scholar of Early Christianity. Mitchell, who is a student of Hans Dieter Betz and Robert M. Grant, received her Ph.D. from the University of Chicago in 1989 and currently serves at the same institution as Dean and Shailer Mathews Professor of New Testament and Early Christian Literature. Mitchell has been dean of the University of Chicago Divinity School since July 1, 2010.
Danny! , the only son of military parents, moved to Columbia, South Carolina in the late 90s. He attended Richland Northeast High School and began pursuing music as a hobby during his sophomore year. Shortly after selling his first beat at age 17, Danny! began to take producing music more seriously. He started penning his own lyrics--after initially being reluctant to rap--and eventually recorded makeshift songs primarily as a showcase for his production. Early Danny! songs mimicked rapper Eminem's multi-syllabic shock lyrics; Danny! has openly admitted to copying Eminem's flow early on.
Survival of the Sickest: The Surprising Connections Between Disease and Longevity is a 2007 popular science book by Sharon Moalem, a medical student at the University of Toronto with a Ph.D. in neurogenetics, and Jonathan Prince, senior advisor and speechwriter for the Clinton administration. It was originally titled, Survival of the Sickest: A Medical Maverick Discovers Why We Need Disease.
Stith Thompson, born in Bloomfield, Nelson County, Kentucky, on March 7, 1885 as the son of John Warden and Eliza (McCluskey) Thompson moved with his family to Indianapolis at the age of twelve. He attended Butler College and obtained his BA degree from University of Wisconsin. For the next two years he taught high school in Portland, Oregon, where he learned Norwegian. He earned his master's degree in English literature from University of California, Berkeley in 1912. He studied at Harvard University from 1912 to 1914; taught English at the University of Texas, Austin from 1914 to 1918; and obtained his Ph.D. from Harvard in 1919.
Born in Stamford, Connecticut, to a family that included brothers Joe and Leonard, Tony DiPreta grew up during the Great Depression, during which his father had little or no work and his mother sewed in a sweat shop for $7 a week. He decided while in junior high school that he would pursue an art career after reading in the local newspaper that cartoonist H. T. Webster made $50,000 a year. ``I thought, 'Boy, that's a lot. ' I went down and saw him, and he talked to me. Then I started drawing for my junior high school. It made me feel like I could really draw.'' DiPreta took art classes when he attended Stamford High School. After graduating, DiPreta and fellow future professionals Red Wexler and Bob Fujitani took classes at the Silvermine Guild, where the trio drew from live models.
Willem Vogelsang (born 1956 in Medemblik) specialises in the history and cultures of Central Asia, Iran and Afghanistan. He has written numerous books and articles on the subject. In the 1970s he studied Indian and Iranian languages and cultures at the University of Leiden. He also studied at the University of Cambridge and the University of Gent, Belgium. During his studies, he spent time in Iran, Syria and Afghanistan, where he conducted archaeological fieldwork, notably in the Afghan province of Kandahar. During Christmas 1979 the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan, and Vogelsang, who by then had returned to The Netherlands, co-founded the Dutch Afghanistan Committee. He also established contacts with Dutch national newspapers and periodicals with the suggestion that he worked for them in Afghanistan. They agreed, and by the summer of 1982 Vogelsang managed to have himself smuggled into Afghanistan where he joined the Mujahedin and travelled across large parts of the country. During this period he regularly sent back radio interviews and written articles to The Netherlands.
Lazarus Hangula is the vice-chancellor of the University of Namibia. He replaced Peter Katjivivi, who left to become an ambassador for Namibia. Hangula earned his M.A. and Ph.D. from the Johannes Gutenberg University of Mainz in Germany.
Rob Ryan (born June 24, 1973 in Havre, Montana) is a former outfielder in Major League Baseball who played for the Arizona Diamondbacks and the Oakland Athletics. He attended Washington State University where he participated in college baseball, and was drafted by the Diamondbacks in the 26th round (785th overall pick) of the 1996 Major League Baseball Draft. He signed with the Diamondbacks two days later on June 6. Ryan, who batted and threw left-handed, was listed at 5' 11`` in height, and 192 lb in weight.
The 19th century singing master William Walker, whose Southern Harmony was an immediate ancestor to The Sacred Harp, evidently used a tuning fork. This is known because his fork was handed down through later generations. The Sacred Harp scholar George Pullen Jackson was shown the fork when he attended the Southern Harmony-based Big Singing in Benton, Kentucky in 1931. Walker addresses issues of pitching in the Rudiments section of The Southern Harmony. His discussion is not transparent, but he mentions the use of a pitch pipe, and apparently also endorses choosing a key for the occasion rather than necessarily adhering to the composer's key.
Graeme Connal (born September 12, 1969) is a Scottish curler and world champion. He won a gold medal at the 1991 World Curling Championships in Winnipeg. He received a gold medal at the 2007 European Curling Championships in Füssen. He was skip for the Scottish team that received a silver medal at the 1990 World Junior Curling Championships in Portage la Prairie.
David de Kretser was born in British Ceylon (now known as Sri Lanka), and was educated at Royal Preparatory College, Colombo. He immigrated to Australia with his family when he was aged nine. He studied at Camberwell Grammar School, Melbourne (where he is currently a member of the school board), received his MBBS degrees from the University of Melbourne in 1962, and his Doctor of Medicine (MD) degree from Monash University in 1969.
David Mayner began working with Richard Gluckman in 1980, and became Principal of the predecessor firm to Gluckman Mayner in 1988. Mayner studied architecture at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology where he received his Master of Architecture degree in 1976.
Yumi Maruyama (née Egami, ; born November 30, 1957) is a Japanese former volleyball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics. She was born in Setagaya, and grew up in Higashimurayama, Tokyo. After she attended Shoin Junior and Senior High School, she joined Hitachi Ltd. where she became a captain of the team in 1979.
Greer was born in New York City to Moses and Angele Greer. Angele was a native of Egypt and a graduate of the University of Paris. Moses was a graduate of City College of New York and a wholesale wool resaler. His parents were both Modern Orthodox Jews and Greer grew-up attending day school. He went to high school at the Manhattan Talmudical Academy.
Upul Tharanga had his education at Dharmasoka College, Ambalangoda. He started his cricket career as a teenager at his school. Having played for Nondescripts since the age of 15, he played for Sri Lanka's under-15, under-17 and under-19 squads. He had a successful under-19 World Cup in 2004 with successful innings of 117 and 61 in successive games. He was sent by the Sri Lankan cricketing board to play league cricket for Loughton Cricket Club in Essex.
He received his Ph.D from the University of London in 2003. His thesis focused on the philosophical theology of Jonathan Edwards, and was supervised by Paul Helm.
Aldrich was born in Rhode Island in 1885, the son of Nelson W. Aldrich. He attended Harvard University, receiving a bachelor's degree and a J.D. degree.
Catherine Mouchet (born 21 August 1959, Paris) is a French actress. She studied at the Conservatoire de Paris, following the courses of Jacques Lassalle and Claude Régy. She is best known for her portrayal of Saint Thérèse of Lisieux in the film Thérèse directed by Alain Cavalier. Her performance won her the César Award for Most Promising Actress for 1987.
The son of footballer Keith Peacock, Peacock attended Bexley Grammar School as a child. He played schoolboy international football for England.
George Arthur French was born at Roscommon, Ireland. He was educated at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst and Woolwich and commissioned in the Royal Artillery in 1860.
Chris Kahl was born and raised on the Space Coast of Florida where he began playing guitar as a teenager. After graduating from Merritt Island High School in 1995, he attended Rollins College in Winter Park, Florida where he studied Economics and earned an MBA. During his time in college he performed locally in a band called Chris Kahl and the B-Sides.
Fairbairn was born in Toorak, Melbourne, Australia the son of George Fairbairn (1815-1895), an early Victorian pioneer. Fairbairn was educated at Wesley College, Melbourne, and Geelong Grammar School, where he was regarded a good Australian rules footballer and cricketer.
Philippe Mariani was born in London and was educated in the UK and France. He graduated from University of Nice Sophia Antipolis (France) with a BA in Economy, Institutional Affairs and Foreign Languages (LEA). He holds a professional post graduate degree (M2) specialized in Multimedia creation and engineering from the same university, under the direction of art theoretician Norbert Hillaire. In 1989, he was appointed as campaign director to Pierre Laffitte a prominent French politician from Alpes-Maritimes (France) and subsequently became Parliamentary Assistant at the re-election of Pierre Laffitte as senator in 1998.
There are various legends about how the Tigers got their nickname. One involves the orange stripes they wore on their black stockings. Tigers manager George Stallings took credit for the name; however, the name appeared in newspapers before Stallings was manager. Another legend concerns a sportswriter equating the 1901 team's opening day victory with the ferocity of his alma mater, the Princeton Tigers.
There are various legends about how the Tigers got their nickname. One involves the orange stripes they wore on their black stockings. Tigers manager George Stallings took credit for the name; however, the name appeared in newspapers before Stallings was manager. Another legend concerns a sportswriter equating the 1901 team's opening day victory with the ferocity of his alma mater, the Princeton Tigers.
Mark Berson graduated from Summit High School in New Jersey in 1971 and enrolled at the University of North Carolina. On the Tar Heel soccer team, he played midfielder his freshman year and goalie the final three years. Berson graduated in 1975 with a degree in journalism and later earned a master's of education degree in sport administration in 1977 from Ohio University.
Robert S. Harris, nicknamed RoSHa, is the designer and programmer of several 1980s-era games, including War Room and Killer Bees. He was born in Boalsburg, Pennsylvania. He graduated from Carnegie Mellon University with a BS Math in 1979.
Richard C. Mangrum was born on October 27, 1906 in Seattle, Washington. He graduated from the University of Washington in 1928. Mangrum then enlisted in the United States Marine Corps to become a naval aviator. He completed flight training on August 20, 1929 and was commissioned a second lieutenant shortly thereafter.
Chapman B. Cox was born in Ohio; his father was a Nazarene minister. Growing up, he attended public schools in Indiana, Colorado, and California. He attended the University of Southern California, graduating with a B.A. in 1962; and Harvard Law School, graduating with a J.D. in 1965.
Michael Utley, often credited as Mike Utley, is an American musician, songwriter, and record producer for Jimmy Buffett's Coral Reefer Band. He is the musical director of the band. Born in Blytheville in Mississippi County, Arkansas, he graduated from the University of Arkansas.
Olga Viscal Garriga, a student at the University of Puerto Rico was a student leader and spokesperson of the Puerto Rican Nationalist Party's branch in Rio Piedras. Garriga, who befriended Dr. Pedro Albizu Campos was a talented orator and political activist, led a demonstration that turned deadly in Old San Juan, after the United States Forces opened fire on the demonstrators. In the violent confrontation between the ``Nationalists'' and the United States backed forces, a demonstrator was killed. Although she was not directly involved in any violent act Garriga was arrested and was detained in ``La Princesa'' jail. During her trial in the federal court room in ``Old San Juan'', she was uncooperative with the U. S. Government prosecution and refused to recognize the authority of the U.S. over Puerto Rico. She was sentenced to 8 years in prison for contempt of court and was released after serving 5 years.
Tom Gleisner (born 1962) is an Australian director, producer, writer, comedian, occasional actor and author. He was educated at Xavier College in Melbourne, Australia.
Heinrich Schenck initially studied natural sciences at the University of Bonn (1879-80), and afterwards studied in Berlin under August Wilhelm Eichler (1839-1887) and Simon Schwendener (1829-1919). Later he returned to Bonn as a student of Eduard Strasburger (1844-1912), and received his doctorate in 1884. In 1889 he became a lecturer in Bonn, and in 1896 relocated to the Polytechnic Institute of Darmstadt, where he was appointed director of the botanical garden.
Elke Rehder studied at the Heatherley School of Fine Art in London (1979--80). During that time she was predominantly active as a sculptor, where she created objects from iron, steel, copper, granite, marble as well as small bronzes in lost-wax castings. During her stay in London the symbolism of chess becomes a centrepoint in her artwork, following a statement by Boris Spassky: ``Chess is like life''. Since then, Elke Rehder creates installation art and land art projects centered around chess.
Basedow's early education was in Adelaide. The Basedow family visited Germany between 1891 and 1894, and for part of that time Herbert Basedow attended high school in Hanover. He completed his schooling at Prince Alfred College, Adelaide. Between 1891 and 1902, Basedow completed a Bachelor of Science degree at the School of Mines, Adelaide, and the University of Adelaide. He majored in geology, but also studied botany and zoology.
, better known as Royal Kobayashi, is a retired Japanese boxer who competed at the 1972 Munich Olympic Games in the featherweight division, and won the WBC junior featherweight title in 1976. He is an alumnus of the Takushoku University.
Agostino Vallini was born in Poli, near Rome, but moved with his family to Barra, near Naples, as a child. He studied at the Major Archiepiscopal Seminary of Naples and the Theological Faculty of Southern Italy, on the S. Tommaso d'Aquino campus, where he obtained his licentiate in theology. Vallini also attended the Pontifical Lateran University in Rome, earning his doctorate in canon and civil law with a dissertation on the new Code of Canon Law.
Alexa Alemanni is a graduate of Vassar College with a bachelor's degree in theatre performance.
Russ Flanagan was born May 21, 1974 in Denville, New Jersey to William and Carol Flanagan of Rockaway Township. He had one brother named Glenn, one sister named Danielle Grayson and a brother in-law Richard Grayson. He had two nephews, Derek and Liam and one niece Natalie. Flanagan lived in Rockaway Township for most of his life, before moving to Whitehall Township in 2003. He attended Morris County College in Randolph Township, New Jersey, then studied journalism at William Paterson University in Wayne, where he received his bachelor's degree.
Craig Murray (born February 22, 1979 in Penticton, British Columbia) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey left wing. He played four years of college hockey at the University of Michigan for the Michigan Wolverines. He recently came out of retirement to play one game with the Utah Grizzlies of the ECHL. Craig is married with 6 children and living in British Columbia.
The school consists of two portions: the Middle School (grades 6--8) and the High School (grades 9--12). Noted African American author Zora Neale Hurston attended Lincoln Park Academy and was a substitute teacher there; the LPA Library is dedicated to her and her legacy.
Michael Delp is an American writer of both prose and poetry. His most recent book, The Last Good Water: Prose and Poetry, 1988-2003, was published in 2003. Delp is currently an instructor of creative writing at the Interlochen Center for the Arts in Michigan. He is known for writing about nature, especially fishing and water.
Victoria Jordanova holds BA from Michigan State University. She received the Langley Fellowship to New York University where she received her M.A. in Musicology. She was awarded the French government fellowship for special graduate studies in Paris. While in Paris, she was also an Artist-in-Residence at the Cite International des Arts.
With her husband, the Italian conductor and musicologist Uberto Zanolli, she also developed programs for Mexican television. She later became a biologist and ethnologist and taught at the Escuela Nacional Preparatoria where she was a founding member of the school's chamber orchestra and its soprano soloist from 1972 to 1994.
Christine Platt is the president of the Commonwealth Association of Planners, and past president of the South African Planning Institute. Platt completed her B.A. (Economics) at the University of Natal, Durban, in 1976, and her MTRP (UND) in 1979.
Dan Fitzpatrick spent the first eight years of his life in Fairhaven, Massachusetts. After his parents divorced in 1985, his father moved him and his older brother across the state to the village of Shelburne Falls, Massachusetts and attended Buckland Shelburne Regional Elementary School. While initially struggling to fit in as the new kid, Fitzpatrick became an avid fan of the horror industry. Since he spent the majority of his spare time alone at home while his father worked rigorous hours, he was able to spend his after school hours watching scary movies such as Friday the 13th and A Nightmare on Elm Street. It did not take long for him to become fascinated with these types of films. In 1996, he graduated from Mohawk Trail Regional High School in Buckland, Massachusetts. He attended Greenfield Community College the following fall, but decided that college was not the best thing for him at that time. He dropped out in 1997 and entered the work force. After numerous struggles with love and money, Fitzpatrick decided to return to Greenfield Community College and finish his education. In 2005, he received his associate's degree in education. He then attended Keene State College in New Hampshire, where he received a bachelor's degree in social sciences in 2007.
Jeanette W. Hyde was born in 1938. She attended Wake Forest University, and received a B.S. from Delta State University in 1962. She later attended the University of Maryland on their Iraklion, Crete campus, and competed graduate studies in Counseling at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill and the North Carolina State University.
Laura Harper (born April 11, 1986) is an American professional basketball player in the WNBA, currently playing for the San Antonio Silver Stars. Laura was the 10th pick in the 2009 WNBA draft. Harper's basketball pedigree includes her father, Haviland Harper, who played at George Washington University in the 1970s and for years has coached at Central High School in Philadelphia. Haviland Harper's great-uncle, Dave DeJernett, starred at pro and amateur levels in the MidWest.
Jack Goodman grew up in Pierce City, Missouri and graduated from Pierce City High School in 1991. He attended the University of Missouri, where he earned his bachelor's degree in Philosophy in 1995 and his juris doctorate in 1998.
Heilman has research interests in attentional, emotional and cognitive disorders. In addition to teaching medical and psychology students, he is active in resident education and been director of the University of Florida Behavioral Neurology Fellowship, that has trained many dozens of post doctoral fellows since its inception in 1976. Several of Dr. Heilman's former fellows are now leaders in academic Neurology, Neuropsychology, Speech Therapy, and other allied fields. Kenneth Heilman is the author of several texts, and has authored or co-authored more than 400 book chapters and articles in peer reviewed journals. Dr. Heilman's research has been almost continuously funded by federal agencies (e.g., VA Merit Review and/or National Institutes of Health) for the last 30 years. Currently, he and his coworkers receive more than one million dollars a year in research funding. In recognition of his research contributions he was in the first group of individuals to receive the University of Florida Research Foundation Professorships. Dr. Heilman also received the Clinical Research Award from the University of Florida College of Medicine. The Behavioral and Cognitive Neurology Society has recognized him with an Outstanding Achievement Award for his research and educational contributions to Neurology.
D. Quentin Miller (born 1967) is a Professor of English language and literature at Suffolk University in Boston. He earned his B.A. from Boston College in 1989, his M.A. from The College of William and Mary in 1990, and his Ph.D. from the University of Connecticut in 1996.
Steve Desroches is a politician in Ottawa, Ontario. He is the councillor for the new ward of Gloucester-South Nepean in the 2006 municipal election. He has been nominated for city Councillor in the Ottawa municipal election, 2010. He studied at the University of Ottawa and Carleton University, where he obtained a Masters degree in public administration. Prior to his entry in municipal politics, Desroches worked for several Ministries in the federal government as well as the office of the Auditor General. He was a trustee at the Ottawa Public Library Board and also a vice-chair in the OC Transpo Advisory Committee. In the election, Desroches defeated former Ottawa-Carleton Regional Chair Andrew Haydon to become the first councillor of this new ward which includes about half of Barrhaven, Riverside South and Leitrim.
Born in Kingsport, Tennessee on August 23, 1961, Jerry Kilgore earned his bachelor's degree from Clinch Valley College (now the University of Virginia's College at Wise) and his law degree from the College of William and Mary. His twin brother, Terry Kilgore, is currently a member of the Virginia House of Delegates.
Montagu was born at Melchbourne, Bedfordshire the second son of George Montagu, 6th Duke of Manchester by his first wife Millicent, daughter of Robert Bernard Sparrow. William Montagu, 7th Duke of Manchester, was his elder brother. He was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge, and graduated as a MA in 1849.
Thretton Palamo (born September 22, 1988 in Woodland, California) is an American rugby union player of Samoan origin who plays as a centre or fly-half. He is the youngest ever player to have made an appearance at the Rugby World Cup. He is a graduate of Davis Senior High School in Davis, California and attends the University of Utah.
Effective April 21, 2009, Frank Miller was hired as San Antonio International's Aviation Director. Mr. Miller earned a Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration from Pacific Lutheran University. He is currently the President for Airports Council International (ACI) - North America, and his current term will expire October 2011. In the past, Miller has served as Vice President, twice on ACI's Board of Directors. He currently serves on the ACI -- World Governing Board. Mr. Miller is Past President for the American Association of Airport Executives, Southeast Chapter. He was awarded the Federal Aviation Administration's Southern Region Commercial Service Airport Manager of the Year in 2006.
James A. McKernan was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the youngest of six children, to Bernard (of Castleblaney, County Monaghan, Ireland) and Mary, and educated at St. Vincent De Paul Grammar School, Germantown, and Cardinal Dougherty High School (1959--1963) then the largest Catholic/Private High School in the world. Upon graduation he went to sea in the US Merchant Marine service sailing as an Ordinary Seaman on the MSS Gulf Prince and MSS Mormacisle. McKernan began his formal studies at St. Joseph's University Evening Division in Philadelphia while working full time in a steel mill and completed his studies at Temple University in 1969. In 1969 he entered the US Navy and saw action in Vietnam before travelling to Ireland to begin postgraduate studies in Education under Professor Eustas O hEideain, O.P. at University College Galway, National University of Ireland. After obtaining a First Class Honours M.A. degree through an ethnographic study of Irish Travelling (nomads) children's education, he accepted a PhD scholarship at the Education Centre, University of Ulster, Northern Ireland, to work under Professor Malcolm Skilbeck on a social and cultural studies/peace project for Northern Ireland schools in 1974.
Abraham Cohen (1887, Reading, Berkshire - 1957) was a Jewish-British scholar. He was the editor of the Soncino Books of the Bible and also participated in the Soncino translation of the Talmud and Midrash. He attended the University of London and Cambridge and was a minister of Birmingham Hebrew Congregation from 1933. He also participated actively in the World Jewish Congress and the Zionist movement.
Carl E. Person is Carl E. Person (pronounced /ˈpir sən/) is the New York Libertarian Party candidate in 2010 for the office of New York State Attorney General. On August 17, 2010, Person and the other Libertarian Party candidates for statewide office in New York filed 33,500 nominating petition signatures with the New York State Board of Elections to qualify for placement on the ballot on November 2, 2010. There is no record that Person has ever held any public office. Person, an attorney, states in his published c.v. that he was admitted to practice in New York in 1962 and that he has been enforcing civil rights laws and States Antitrust Law since 1970 . As the plaintiff in some of these actions, Person has functioned as a Private Attorney General enforcing civil rights laws and United States Antitrust Law on behalf of individuals and small businesses. As a book and website author and publisher, Person has described self-help programs for towns, villages and small cities which, according to Person, can bring prosperity to a locality and its residents and small businesses. Background and Education Carl Person was born in Manhattan and has lived in New York State most of his life with the exception of 2 years when his family lived in Nebraska and his 3 years of service in the U.S. Army. His mother, Elfrieda Emery Person, was the daughter of a Rochester, New Hampshire Justice of the Peace and his father, Carl A. Person, was a 1926 Harvard Law School graduate. Person dropped out of Northport High School (Northport, Long Island, NY) after his sophomore year, and joined the U.S. Army for a 3-year enlistment. His service included two years on Okinawa as a ship to shore high speed radio operator, to send and receive Morse code. Then, he enrolled at Long Island University, Brooklyn campus, and was elected President of the Student Council 1-1/2 years later. Upon graduation from LIU, Person attended Harvard Law School, graduated in 1962, and was admitted to the New York Bar in 1962.
He was the second son of Stephen Weston v., bishop of Exeter. He was born at Eton in 1703, and was educated at Eton College and at King's College, Cambridge, where he was admitted in 1719, graduating B.A. in 1723 and M.A. in 1727. Horace Walpole states that he went in 1725 to Bexley in Kent with his cousins, ''the four younger sons of Lord Townshend, and with a tutor, Edward Weston ... and continued there some months. `` Next summer he had the same education at Twickenham, ''and the intervening winters he went every day to study under Mr. Weston at Lord Townshend's`` (Cunningham, Walpole Letters, vol. i. p. lxi). The first date is probably a misprint for 1723, as Walpole was under Weston's charge in July 1724 (Hist. MSS. Comm. 10th Rep. App. p. 239), and certainly remained so until September 1726 (ib. p. 240).
Frank Costa is a former American football quarterback for the University of Miami from 1993 to 1995. Frank was born in Philadelphia,PA September 8, 1972. He played several sports at Saint Joseph's Preparatory School, but was known locally as the best quarterback to ever have come from the city of Philadelphia. When he graduated from high school, he held virtually every passing record in the city's history including completions in a game, season, and career, as well as yards passing in a season and career, and touchdowns in a season and career. He was named player of the decade for the 1980's.
L. Donald Shields was born on September 18, 1936 in San Diego, California. He received a B.A. in chemistry from the University of California, Riverside, and a PhD from the University of California at Los Angeles in 1964. From 1963 to 1967, he taught in the Chemistry Department at California State University, Fullerton, at which time he became Vice-President for Administration. Shields is the coauthor with Robert L. Pecsok, Thomas Cairns, and Ian G. McWilliam of the book Modern Methods of Analytical Chemistry (ISBN 0471676624), which was published in 1976.
Wesley Burrowes was born and raised in Bangor, County Down in Northern Ireland. From a Protestant background, Burrowes was educated at the Royal Belfast Academical Institution, a Belfast grammar school commonly known as ``Inst''. He went on to study French and German at Queen's University Belfast, graduating in 1952.
David Mackay (born 25 July 1988) is an Australian rules footballer. He was drafted by the Adelaide Football Club at pick number 48 in the 2006 AFL Draft and has been given Guernsey number 14. He came from Melbourne side, Oakleigh Chargers and appeared in the 2006 Victorian U/18 Metro side where he was inspirational in the grand final. He attended Trinity Grammar School, noted for producing star footballers including Wayne Schwass and Luke Power, and was House Captain of the school's Hindley House. Fellow 2006 draft pick Todd Goldstein was vice-captain of the same house.
Mike Horton was born October 23, 1973 in Austin, Texas, the second of two children of Claude Wendell Horton, Jr. and Elisabeth Alice Becker. Horton earned a B.S. and an M.S. in electrical engineering from the University of California at Berkeley. Following his graduation, Horton co-founded Crossbow Technology with his advisor A. Richard Newton. In 2003, MIT's Technology Review magazine named Mike Horton one of the top young innovators under 35.
Aaron Harber received a Master's Degree in Public Administration (MPA) from Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government, where he concentrated in ethics in business, government, and politics. At Harvard, Harber also examined campaign finance laws and election practices in all 50 states.
William Russell, 1st Baron Russell of Thornhaugh (c. 1557--1613) was a younger son of Francis Russell, 2nd Earl of Bedford. His birthdate is uncertain, with some records showing that he was born as early as 1553, some as late as 1563. He was educated at Magdalen College, Oxford, and in September 1581 he was knighted.
J. Darroll Hall (born August 1, 1954) is an American author of erotica, thriller, self-help financial, and suspense novels. Hall was born in Virginia and resides in Central Indiana. He attended North Central High School in Indianapolis Indiana, and is a graduate of PBATC advance training center in Atlanta Georgia for Sales, marketing, and advanced sales management techniques.
Mamta Baruah Herland is a painter and digital artist born in Assam, north east India, now living just outside Oslo, Norway. She has studied Visual Arts at Sydney College of the Arts in Australia, Graphic Design in Oslo and has her Masters degree in Fine Art -- Painting from Winchester School of Art, England. Mamta has exhibited internationally, among them galleries in New York, London, Madrid, Barcelona and Ferrara, Italy. She participated in the International Biennale of Art in Florence (Firenze) in December 2005. In addition to private collectors, her works are acquired by commercial companies, communities in Norway and England and by The Norwegian Council of Cultural Affair (Norsk Kulturråd).
Richard P. Aulie (born 1927) is an evangelical Christian, a former high school biology teacher, and a doctoral Yale University graduate in the history of science. His essays and reviews such as ``Evolution and Special Creation: Historical Aspects of the Controversy'' from Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society (Vol. 127, 1983. pp. 418--439) and ``A Reader's Guide to Of Pandas and People'' have been cited in scholarly works and influential proceedings such as Kitzmiller v. Dover Area School District.
Baptised at St Martin-in-the-Fields Church in Covent Garden, he was the second son of Sir Thomas Cave, 3rd Baronet and his wife Hon. Margaret Verney, daughter of John Verney, 1st Viscount Fermanagh. Cave was educated at Rugby School and then at Balliol College, Oxford. In 1734, he succeeded his older brother Verney as baronet. Cave was called to the bar by the Inner Temple in the following year and he received an honorary degree of Doctor of Civil Law by the University of Oxford in 1756.
In 2002, Lin was elected Alumni Fellow of the Yale Corporation, the governing body of Yale University (upon whose campus sits another of Lin's designs: the Women's Table - designed to commemorate the role of women at Yale University), in an unusually public contest. Her opponent was W. David Lee, a local New Haven minister and graduate of the Yale Divinity School who was running on a platform to build ties to the community with the support of Yale's unionized employees. Lin was supported by Yale's President Richard Levin, other members of the Yale Corporation, and was the officially endorsed candidate of the Association of Yale Alumni.
Dennis Covington (born October 30, 1948) is an American writer. He was born in Birmingham, Alabama, studied fiction writing and earned a BA degree from the University of Virginia, then served in the U.S. Army. He earned an MFA in the early 1970s, from the Iowa Writers' Workshop studying under Raymond Carver. He taught English at the College of Wooster. He married his second wife, writer Vicki Covington, in 1977. The couple returned to Birmingham the following year, and he began teaching at the University of Alabama at Birmingham.
Jack Van Impe and his wife have received doctorate degrees from Pacific International University, an unaccredited Christian university.
Frances C. Wilson earned a Bachelor of Science degree in social sciences from Michigan State University. Wilson later earned Master degrees in education from Pepperdine University, psychology from the University of Northern Colorado, business management from Salve Regina College, National Security and Strategic Studies from Naval War College, and a Doctor of Education from The University of Southern California.
Charlie Winton graduated from Stanford University with a B.A. in Communications in 1975. He lives in Berkeley, California.
Dick Brewbaker attended the Montgomery Academy. He graduated from Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee. He then taught in a number of schools, including the Montgomery Academy.
Sunny Bak opened her first studio in 1976 on Broadway and 18th Street in Manhattan while attending City As School. The studio was located at 876 Broadway which was owned at the time by photographer William Biggart, the only journalist to die from the 9/11 attacks. At the same time, Sunny Bak was studying photography under Philippe Halsman at The New School for Social Research in Manhattan.
Major Narindar Saroop, CBE, was born in India on 14 August 1929 eldest son of Chaudhri Ram Saroop, Ismaila, Rohtak, India and the late Shyam Devi. He was educated at the Aitchison College for Punjab Chiefs in Lahore and the Indian Military Academy, Dehra Dun.
In the fall of 1897, Talcott and his Englewood teammate Clayton Teetzel enrolled at the University of Michigan as students in the Literary Department. During Talcott's freshman year, he played as a backup quarterback for the 1897 Michigan Wolverines football team. He also joined the Theta Delta Chi fraternity in 1897. In its annual publication, The Shield, the fraternity reported that the Michigan chapter was ``proud'' in having Talcott play ``quarter in a number of the games.''
In 1980 he entered the Yerevan Komitas State Conservatory, the composition class of Edvard Mirzoyan.
Arline Fisch (born 1931) was born in New York, New York. She learned to sew and weave from her mother and picked up a passion for the color red from her father while growing up in New York. She studied at Skidmore College, receiving her B.S. in Art in 1952. She received her M.A. in Art in 1954 from the University of Illinois. After teaching for two years at Wheaton College, she traveled to Copenhagen, Denmark on a Fulbright Grant to study silversmithing. She has received three additional Fulbright grants, one to conduct further research in Denmark and two to lecture in Austria and Uruguay. She has taught at Wheaton College, Skidmore College and San Diego State University, where she retired in 2000. She has exhibited extensively all over the world in group shows and solo exhibitions.
He was born at Woodford, Essex on 31 August 1816, the son of Thomas Haddan, solicitor, and Mary Ann his wife and second cousin, whose maiden name was also Haddan. Thomas Henry Haddan was his brother. He received his early education at a private school kept by a Mr. Fanning at Finchley. In 1834 he entered Brasenose College, Oxford, as a commoner, and in the November of that year stood unsuccessfully for a scholarship at Balliol College, but was elected scholar of Trinity College, Oxford. 15 June 1835. He graduated B.A. in 1837, obtaining a first-class in classics and a second in mathematics, proceeded M.A. in due course, and took the degree of B.D.
Lloyd deMause, pronounced de-Moss (born September 19, 1931 in Detroit, Michigan), is an American social thinker known for his work in the field of psychohistory. He did graduate work in political science at Columbia University and later trained as a lay psychoanalyst. He is the founder of The Journal of Psychohistory.
Loren Leman was raised in Ninilchik, where he graduated from high school in 1968. He received his Bachelors`` degree in Civil Engineering from Oregon State University in 1972 and Masters degree in Civil/Environmental Engineering from Stanford University in 1973. He has also studied Arctic Engineering at the University of Alaska Anchorage.
MacMahon was born in Brooklyn, New York on May 29, 1890, the son of Benjamin and Abbie MacMahon. He received his B.A. from Columbia University in 1912 and his M.A. in 1913. Immediately after receiving his M.A., MacMahon began teaching as an instructor in Columbia's government department. During this period, MacMahon also befriended the artist Georgia O'Keeffe and helped to introduce her to liberal political ideas. While teaching, MacMahon continued his studies and completed his PhD at Columbia in 1923. He was then promoted to assistant professor. Throughout his early years at Columbia, MacMahon worked closely with the historian Charles A. Beard, whom he considered an important mentor.
The Alumni of the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst is extensive. There were so many famous generals and VC winners at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst that a fair and representative list would be immense. The Royal Military Academy Sandhurst officially denies that Idi Amin and Muammar Gaddafi attended the RMAS. Note, this list contains a number of 'students' who did not complete the course. Some of the foreign royalty were not, for example, commissioned. The Sandhurst Foundation acts as a community for the alumni of the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst.
Following the Brooklyn project, Roebling and his wife lived in Troy, New York, from 1884--88, as their only child, John A. Roebling, II, also attended the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (RPI). When their son graduated, the Roeblings returned to Trenton, moving to 191 West State Street in 1892. From 1902-1903 Roebling served as President of the Alumni Association at Rensselaer. His wife Emily died in 1903 from stomach cancer. Roebling remarried in 1908 to Cornelia Witsell Farrow of Charleston, South Carolina.
Nathaniel Niles (April 3, 1741 -- October 31, 1828) was a United States Representative from Vermont. Born in South Kingston, Rhode Island, he attended Harvard College and graduated from Princeton College in 1766. He studied law and medicine, and taught in New York City. Niles also studied theology and preached in Norwich and Torrington, Connecticut.
Stanley Cwiklinski was an Olympic gold medalist in crew at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo. He is a graduate of La Salle University.
Alan Miranda is a former BioWare producer, having been the producer on and the associate producer on Neverwinter Nights. Prior to working at BioWare he was a designer at Relic Entertainment developing some of the core game mechanics and missions for the RTS Impossible Creatures. He is now the producer of all games developed at Ossian Studios. Alan holds a B.A. in Economics from the University of British Columbia, and a diploma in 2D and 3D Video Games Programming from DigiPen Applied Computer Graphics School.
Jennifer Wilby received a BA in Political Science in 1978 from the University of California, Riverside, and a MSc in Cybernetic Systems from San Jose State University in 1992. In 1999 she also received a MPH in Public Health from the University of Leeds, and in 2007 a PhD in Management Systems at the University of Hull.
Born in Santiago, Cuba on April 27, 1976, Javier Vazquez came to the United States at the age of four. He grew up in El Monte, California and started wrestling as a sophomore at Arroyo High School at the age of 15. In 1994 he placed 3rd at the CIF wrestling tournament and continued his stellar high school career by placing 4th in the Southern Section Masters tournament. He was just one match away from placing in the high school state wrestling championships, ending up in the top 12 in the state at 130 lbs. He was voted team captain in both his junior and senior years. He continued his wrestling career at Mt. San Antonio College where he again proved himself to be one of ``the best of the best'' by finishing 7th in the state and being voted team captain for his leadership on and off the mat.
Hugh Morgan Hill, (born Cleveland, Ohio, US on July 12, 1921, died Cambridge, Massachusetts, US, November 3, 2009) who performed as Brother Blue was an African American educator, storyteller, actor, musician, street performer and living icon in Boston, in Cambridge, at Harvard University, MIT, and in the global oral storytelling community. After serving as First Lieutenant from 1943-1946 in the segregated U.S. army in World War II and being honorably discharged, he received a BA from Harvard College in 1948 (cum laude in Social Relations), was accepted into the Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences (GSAS) before transferring to receive a MFA from the Yale School of Drama and a Ph.D. (Divinity with pastoral sacred storytelling) from the Union Institute, having delivered his doctoral presentation at Boston's Deer Island Prison, accompanied by a 25 piece jazz orchestra, with a video recording for his dissertation committee's further consideration. While performing frequently at US National Storytelling Festivals and flown abroad by organizations and patrons from England to Russia and the Bahamas, Brother Blue regularly performed on the streets around Cambridge, most notably in Harvard Square. He was the Official Storyteller of Boston and of Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA by resolution of both city councils, a most unusual honor, doubled.
Dean Kramer is an American concert pianist and an associate professor of piano at the University of Oregon. Kramer studied music at the Oberlin Conservatory of Music and the University of Texas, and also took masterclasses in France with Gina Bachauer and Arthur Rubinstein.
Janet E. Smith (1950-) is a professor of moral theology and the Fr. Michael J. McGivney Chair of Life Issues at the Sacred Heart Major Seminary in Detroit, Michigan. She previously taught at the University of Notre Dame, and the University of Dallas. She is a consultant to the Pontifical Council for the Family.
He was born in Abingdon in Berkshire (now Oxfordshire), the son of Sir Thomas Holt, MP for that town, and his wife, Susan, the daughter of John Peacock of Chieveley, also in Berkshire. He was educated at Abingdon School, Gray's Inn and Oriel College, Oxford. He purchased Redgrave Manor in Suffolk, which had been the seat of the Bacon family in 1702, when debts forced the fifth baronet, Sir Robert Bacon, to sell the estate. A letter in the Bodleian Library reads: ``The celebrated Dr Radcliffe, the physician ... took special pains to preserve the life of LCJ Holt's wife, whom he attended out of spite to her husband, who wished her dead.'' Sir John Holt's sister Susan was married to Francis Levett, Esq., tobacco merchant and brother of Sir Richard Levett, Lord Mayor of London.
April Maiya was born April Maiya of Vietnamese and Pacific Island descent. Maiya grew up in the suburbs of Los Angeles, California to Buddhist parents. She attended the University of California as a law major until she made her home in New York City to pursue her a career as a filmmaker.
Teppei Tomioka (冨岡鉄平 Tomioka Teppei, born March 1, 1977) is the captain of the Toshiba Brave Lupus rugby team. He plays at centre. Originally from Fukuoka Prefecture, he was educated at Fukuoka Institute of Technology (Fukuoka Kougyou Daigaku). He is considered to be a powerful runner and leader of his team. He was voted the MVP of the Top League in 2007.
She writes a blog titled ``Hit or Miss'' on Cricinfo, a cricket-related website. In the blog which she started writing in April 2009, Tishani Doshi makes observations and commentaries as a television viewer of the second season of the Indian Premier League. She is also collaborating with cricketer Muttiah Muralitharan on his biography, to be published when he retires. She works as a freelance writer and worked with choreographer Chandralekha until the latter's death in December 2006. She graduated with a Masters degree in creative writing from the Johns Hopkins University.
Christoph von Stadion was born in Schelklingen in March 1478, the son of Nikolaus von Stadion (d. 1507) and his wife Agatha von Gültlingen (d. 1504). In 1490, he began his studies at the University of Tübingen, receiving a bachelor's degree in 1491 and a master's in 1494. He then studied at the University of Freiburg, moving on to the University of Bologna in 1497. Finally, he studied at the University of Ferrara, from which he received a doctorate in law.
William Macdonald was from Providence, Rhode Island. He attended Harvard University where he received a Bachelors of Arts in 1892. In 1895 he received an honorary Doctorate from Union College. Macdinald's first professorship was in history and economics at Worcester Polytechnic Institute from 1892 to 1893, and he then went to Bowdoin College from 1893-01 as a professor of political science and history. From 1901 to 1917 Macdonald was a professor of history at Brown University. In 1917 Macdonald resigned from Brown while on sabbatical in France. While in France he became a special foreign correspondent for The Nation and was an associate editor for the paper from 1918 to 1920. Macdonald was also an editorial writer for The Freeman and Commercial and Financial Chronicle. Macdonald gave lectures at the University of California in 1917 and 1918, and gave lectures as a visiting professor at Yale University from 1924 to 1926.
Baptised at St Martin-in-the-Fields Church in Covent Garden, he was the second son of Sir Thomas Cave, 3rd Baronet and his wife Hon. Margaret Verney, daughter of John Verney, 1st Viscount Fermanagh. Cave was educated at Rugby School and then at Balliol College, Oxford. In 1734, he succeeded his older brother Verney as baronet. Cave was called to the bar by the Inner Temple in the following year and he received an honorary degree of Doctor of Civil Law by the University of Oxford in 1756.
Bill Swan (born January 25, 1939) is a Canadian children's author living in Courtice, Ontario. He teaches writing-related courses online and works as a communications consultant. Bill Swan was college administrator and journalism professor at Durham College in Oshawa, Ontario. He was a newspaper editor and columnist. He studied at the Royal Military College of Canada in Kingston, Ontario.
Scott Pape grew up in Ouyen, Victoria, where he held odd jobs - once being paid by his father with a single BHP share. He later attended La Trobe University, receiving his Bachelor of Business degree in 2001.
Monzer Kahf (born 1940 in Damascus) is a Syrian American professor of Islamic economics and finance. He received his Ph.D. in economics from University of Utah in 1975 and lives in Westminster, California.
Ron Gostick was born in Wales to Canadian parents and moved with them to Canada shortly after the First World War. They established a homestead near Stettler, Alberta and lived there for nine years before moving to Calgary. From 1933 to 1935, he attended Crescent Heights High School and was influenced by the school's principal, William Aberhart, a proponent of the social credit movement in Alberta. Gostick and his family became members of the Alberta Social Credit League. His mother, Edith Gostick, was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta in the 1935 provincial election that brought Social Credit to power for the first time, making Aberhardt Premier of Alberta. She would remain the Member of the Legislative Assembly for Calgary until 1940.
Alex Stepheson (Pronounced STEEVIS-son) (born August 7, 1987) is an American basketball player at the University of Southern California. At the end of 2008 season, Stepheson decided to transfer from the University of North Carolina citing family illness. He chose USC on July 17, 2008. He grabbed 20 or more rebounds in 16 games as a senior at Harvard-Westlake School in North Hollywood.
Jason Ross is an American writer. Since 2002 he has been a staff writer at The Daily Show With Jon Stewart. As part of the writing team, he has received six Primetime Emmy Awards. He has occasionally performed on-camera as Muppet John McCain. He also helped to write that show's two best-selling books, , (2004) and (2010). He attended the University of California, Santa Barbara, where he served as editor of the student newspaper, The Daily Nexus. He lives in Manhattan with his family.
W. Sumner Davis is an Irish-American, educator, counselor and author. He was born in 1960 in Waterville, Maine. Born William Sumner Davis, Jr., he is the author of several books on social and science history including the controversial ''''Heretics,```` the natural history primer Losing Faith and the pseudoscience Just Smoke and Mirrors. Davis' early life was heavily influenced by the late Carl Sagan. Like Sagan, Davis is an outspoken critic of many nations use of nuclear arms; his essay A Model of Thermonuclear Extinction has been widely printed since original publication in 2002. A severe Dyslexic, Davis did not learn to read until age eleven, and because of early educational experiences, has become an outspoken proponent of alternative educational programs and a critic of U.S. Public School Systems. Davis attended the University of Maine, receiving a Bachelor of Arts degree in Psychology focusing on Developmental and Child Psychology. He entered Springfield College, where he received a Masters in social psychology concentrating on developmental psychology and Addiction Dynamics. Davis went on to study Theology at Bangor Theological Seminary where he earned a Master of Divinity in Western Theological History and Ancient Languages, eventually transferring in 1997 to Freedom Seminary, Washington DC where he completed a parallel program Th.D (Dr. Theol.) in Medieval Christian History graduating Magna Cum Laude in 2001.
Tim Reynolds graduated from Hofstra University in 2001 with a Bachelors degree in education and said farewell to the football team where he played the position of defensive tackle. Reynolds started as a strength and conditioning coach intern at the University of Maryland football team in 2003.
At her death, she gave $15,000,000 to M. Carey Thomas, the president of Bryn Mawr College, with whom she was romantically involved and had been living together with at the time.
Owen Cook graduated with a degree in philosophy from Queen's University in Kingston. He first became interested in pick-up as a young man after breaking up with his long-time girlfriend with whom he had moved in while still in Ottawa. Following the breakup, Owen left school, suffered from severe depression, and reached his 'breaking point'. He joined the seduction community in 2002, assuming the handle 'Tyler Durden' in homage to the fictional character from the novel Fight Club. He traveled to Los Angeles in order to develop his skills at picking up and seducing women, eventually moving into a closet and using it as his bedroom in order to live with Neil Strauss, Barry Kirkey and Mystery at their mansion in Project Hollywood.
The need for another high school in the Toowoomba area first became apparent when the other public high school, Toowoomba State High School was full. In 1953 land was acquired for another High School in the Harristown area with building projects beginning in 1954 with completion in 1955. Harristown State High School has a long history of academic and sporting excellence. The last missing-in-action Australian serviceman from the Vietnam War, Pilot Officer Robert Carver attended Harristown State High School in 1961, 1962 and 1963. In 2001, Harristown became the only school in the Darling Downs area to gain accreditation with the Council of International Schools.
Jon L. Luther is an American food-service industry Executive. He is currently the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Dunkin' Brands. From February 1997 until December 2002, Luther was president of Popeyes Chicken & Biscuits, a division of AFC Enterprises.Prior to Popeyes, Luther was president of CA One Services, a subsidiary of Delaware North Companies, Inc. He has also held leadership positions in the contract food service division of the Marriott Corporation and at ARAMARK in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania., where he rose from vending sales director to become president of Davre's, ARAMARK's luxury restaurant subsidiary. Luther also founded Benchmark Services, Inc., a foodservice management firm specializing in business dining for corporations, growing the business into a strong regional competitor. Luther holds a degree in hotel and restaurant management from Paul Smith's College, and honorary doctorate degrees from Bentley College and Johnson & Wales University.
Louise Uwacu was born in Kabgayi, Rwanda in February 1977. She spent her childhood and attended primary school in Kigali until 1988 when her family moved to Nairobi, Kenya. Where she continued her high school studies at the French school, Lycée Denis Diderot. Her family had just moved back to Rwanda, when shortly after the war, massacres and genocide of 1994 erupted. After becoming a refugee, she landed in Montreal, Canada in 1998. She has lived there for 10 years. She currently resides in Vancouver, Canada. Louise Uwacu holds a degree in Political Science from the University of Quebec in Montreal. It was at her graduation in 2002, that a speaker inspired her to ``find out what you want to be before you take on the responsibilities of being that person''.
While pursuing his studies at the Johanneum gymnasium in Hamburg, he was introduced to Hebrew literature by Isaac Bernays, who exerted considerable influence upon his later attitude toward Judaism, and religion in general. He studied philosophy and Semitic languages at the University of Bonn. In that city he became acquainted with Abraham Geiger, who, in various letters to his friends, repeatedly expressed esteem for Frensdorff's character and learning.
Margaret Spellings, born Margaret Dudar on November 30, 1957 in Michigan, moved with her family to Houston when she was in the third grade. Spellings graduated from Sharpstown High School in 1975.
Drew Fudenberg obtained his A.B. in Applied Mathematics from Harvard University in 1978, when he went on to obtain his Ph.D. in Economics at MIT. After completing his Ph.D. in just three years, he began his assistant professorship at the University of California, Berkeley in 1981. At Berkeley, Fudenberg was tenured at the age of 28. In 1987, he returned to a faculty position at MIT, where he taught for 6 years. In 1993, Fudenberg accepted a faculty position in the Economics department of his alma mater, Harvard University.
Born in Colchester, James Raven attended The Gilberd School in the town. He read History at Clare College, Cambridge, where he also completed his doctorate on attitudes to wealth creation. He has been a visiting fellow at several American universities and institutions including Rutgers University, The American Antiquarian Society and The Newberry Library, Chicago. He was a Fellow, successively of Pembroke College and Magdalene College Cambridge, and from 1996 a Fellow of Mansfield College, Oxford and Reader in Social and Cultural History at Oxford from 2000. In 2004 he was appointed Professor of Modern History at the University of Essex, returning to his home town. He is also a member of the Human Rights Centre at the University of Essex.
William Ross Ashby was born in 1903 in London, where his father was working at an advertising agency. From 1917 to 1921 William studied at the Edinburgh Academy in Scotland, and from 1921 at Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge, where he received his B.A. in 1924 and his M.B. and B.Ch. in 1928. From 1924 to 1928 he worked at the St. Bartholomew's Hospital in London. Later on he also received a Diploma in Psychological Medicine in 1931, and an M.A. 1930 and M.D. from Cambridge in 1935.
Wendell Ladner (October 6, 1948 -- June 24, 1975) was an American professional basketball player. He played college basketball at The University of Southern Mississippi where he became a member of Phi Kappa Tau fraternity.
Moeen U Ahmed is a graduate of PAF Public School Sargodha in the erstwhile West Pakistan. He belonged to the 16th entry (831 -- Fury House), which stayed there from 1965 to 1970.
George Barclay Richardson was born in 1924 and educated at Aberdeen Central Secondary School before studying at the University of Aberdeen, receiving a Bachelor of Science degree in Physics and Mathematics in 1944. After joining the Admiralty's Scientific Research Department in 1944, he was commissioned as a Lieutenant in the Royal Navy Volunteer Reserve in 1945; he was then posted to the British Army on the Rhine as an Intelligence Officer. He then studied Politics, Philosophy and Economics (PPE) at Corpus Christi College, Oxford, graduating in 1949, and was then a student at Nuffield College, Oxford in 1950, before becoming a Fellow of St John's College, Oxford in 1951. He was University Reader in Economics from 1969 to 1973, as well as being an economic adviser to the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority between 1968 and 1974, and served as Secretary to the Delegates and Chief Executive of Oxford University Press between 1974 and 1988. His fellowship at St John's ended in 1989, when he became Warden of Keble College, Oxford. He retired from this position in 1994, having also been a Pro-Vice-Chancellor of Oxford University from 1988 to 1994.
Alfred Apaka (March 19, 1919 -- January 30, 1960) was born Alfred Aholo Apaka Jr in Honolulu, Hawaii to vocalist Alfred Aholo Apaka Sr. Alfred was a graduate of President Theodore Roosevelt High School where he was an athlete and ROTC cadet captain. The family lived for a short time on Molokai but returned to Oahu.
Maulbetsch landed his first big recruit before leaving Ann Arbor. While playing at Michigan, Maulbetsch became friends with Doug Roby, a football player at the Michigan Military Academy, and one of the state's top recruits. Roby followed Maulbetsch to Phillips and later went on to become a member of the International Olympic Committee in the 1950s and 1960s and president of the United States Olympic Committee from 1965 to 1968. Maulbetsch's next find was future Pro Football Hall of Famer Steve Owen, who later spent 23 years with the New York Giants. Maulbetsch saw Owen watching football practice from under a tree and told him: ``A fellow your size ought to be out for the squad.'' Owen showed up the next day and, when Maulbetsch used him to illustrate blocking fundamentals, Owen threw a block into Maulbetsch that threw him five yards through the air. Maulbetsch was satisfied, and Owen had a spot on the team. Because Phillips was not part of a conference, it was not subject to any eligibility limitations, an advantage Maulbetsch was accused of exploiting. A third key player recruited by Maulbetsch was an Native American halfback named Levi, and dubbed ``Big Chief'' by Phillips fans.
Melanie Purkiss (born, 11 March 1979) is a British athlete. She reached the semi-finals of the 400 metres at the Commonwealth Games at Manchester in 2002. She was educated at The Mountbatten School in Romsey, Hampshire, England.
Jean Fuller attended the University of California and Exeter College. She received her AA degree from Bakersfield College in 1970, her BA from California State University, Fresno in 1972, a Masters in Public Affairs from the University of California, Los Angeles in 1982 and her PhD from the University of California, Santa Barbara in 1989. She also attended the Harvard Graduate School of Education.
He was educated at Winchester College and Magdalene College, Cambridge, where he read English and was taught by F. R. Leavis. He met Peter Cook through Footlights. A very short academic career was replaced by club management on the strength of a legacy. He then went into writing.
Wilton's father was James McElmunn Wilton, an Ulster Unionist Party politician and Mayor of Londonderry. Claude Wilton was born in Eden Terrace, Derry. He was educated at Foyle College and Trinity College, Dublin where he studied law for three years. After qualifying as a solicitor, he operated his own practice at Waterloo Place and, later, in Great James' Street in Derry. Wilton retained his Protestant faith, but channelled his activities into the Civil Rights Movement. He was elected as an officer of the Derry Citizen's Action Committee (DCAC) in late 1968 and called for Protestants in Derry to ``stand up and be counted'' in regard to the early campaign for civil rights in Northern Ireland. He worked as one of Derry's best-known solicitors and often represented the poor and underprivileged.
Vicente L. Rafael is a professor of Southeast Asian history at the University of Washington, Seattle. He received his B.A. in history and philosophy from Ateneo de Manila University in 1977 and his Ph.D. in history at Cornell University in 1984. Prior to teaching at the University of Washington, Rafael taught at the University of California, San Diego and the University of Hawaii at Manoa. Currently, he sits on advisory boards of Cultural Anthropology, Public Culture, and positions.
Jackson Davis (born March 19, 1979 in Gloversville, New York) is an American actor. He is best known for portraying the character ``Jonas'' from the lonelygirl15 videos series, its spinoff KateModern, and its sequel series, . He was born in Gloversville, New York but was raised in Lancaster, Pennsylvania where he attended Ephrata High School. He will star in the upcoming 2009 film You, Only Better..., a movie about life coaches.
M.I.A. grew up in the Phipps Bridge Estate in the Mitcham district of south west London, where she learned to speak English. She attended Ricards Lodge High School in Wimbledon and received her undergraduate degree in fine art, film and video in June 2001 from London's Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design. Initially her application to the school was rejected, but she was eventually let in, being told that she ``had chutzpah.'' For two years, M.I.A. lived in Bedford-Stuyvesant, a neighborhood in Brooklyn, New York, where she met her fiance, Benjamin Zachary Bronfman (aka Benjamin Brewer), an environmentalist, founder of Green Owl, musician and scion of the Bronfman dynasty. M.I.A. owns a home in Brentwood, Los Angeles in the U.S. and splits her time between there and her mother's home in London. She gave birth to her son Ikhyd Edgar Arular Bronfman in February 2009.
Dacher Keltner is a professor of psychology at University of California, Berkeley as well as the Director for Greater Good Science Center, formerly known as the Center for the Development of Peace and Well-Being. Professor Keltner received his B.A. in Theatre Studies from the University of California, Santa Barbara and his Ph.D. from Stanford University, and he completed three years of post-doctoral work with Paul Ekman at the University of California, San Francisco. He is the author of more than 80 scholarly articles and two books.
Emily Howland (November 20, 1827 -- January 29, 1929) was a philanthropist and educator. An active abolitionist, Howland taught at Normal School for Colored Girls in Washington, D.C. from 1857 to 1859. During the Civil War she worked in Arlington, Virginia teaching freed slaves to read and write as well as administering to the sick during a smallpox outbreak. In 1882 she assumed control over the Sherwood Select school as owner and consulting head, a position she held up to her one hundredth year in 1927, at which point it was renamed the Emily Howland School by the New York State Board of Regents. She became the first female director of a national bank in the United States, at the Aurora National Bank in Aurora, New York in 1890, where she served up to her death, at age 101. Howland was also active in women's suffrage and peace. Also active in temperance, she was a member of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. In 1926 she received the Litt.D. degree from the University of the State of New York. She was the first woman to have this honor conferred upon her from this institution. She was also the author of the book Historical Sketch of Friends in Cayuga County.
Astrid Stavro (born 1972) is an Italian graphic designer based in Barcelona. Born in Trieste, she grew up in the city of Madrid, Spain. She studied graphic design at Central Saint Martins College of Art & Design and the Royal College of Art, London. Her Art of the Grid project, developed with Birgit Pfisterer at the Royal College of Art, has gathered international recognition and numerous awards. In 2005 she founded Studio Astrid Stavro, specialising in typography and editorial design. Her approach to book design is based on strong attention to conceptual and tactile details.
Gaudin, who is of French extraction and Roman Catholic, graduated from the parochial St. Joseph's Academy in New Roads in 1948. Another well-known graduate of St. Joseph's is former Congresswoman Lindy Boggs, a Democrat from New Orleans. He then received his bachelor's degree from Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge in 1952. He entered the United States Army Artillery as a second lieutenant on an ROTC commission in 1952. He left the service in 1954 as a first lieutenant but remained a major in the Army Reserve for another decade thereafter.
Lederer was born on October 30, 1963 in Concord, New Hampshire. His father is Richard Lederer, a writer and linguist who taught at St. Paul's School in New Hampshire. Lederer was a young chess talent and after high school he moved to New York City, where he attended Columbia University. New York City is known for its chess clubs, notably the Marshall Chess Club and Manhattan Chess Club where he played, and at one of these clubs he discovered poker and eventually began playing at the Mayfair Club with other now well-known poker players such as Erik Seidel and Dan Harrington.
Frederick M. Bernthal was born in Sheraton, Wyoming on January 10, 1943. He was educated at Valparaiso University, receiving a B.S. in chemistry in 1964. He worked at the Argonne National Laboratory in 1964, and then did graduate research at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory at the University of California, Berkeley, receiving a Ph.D. in chemistry in 1969. He then did postdoctoral research at Yale University in 1969-70.
Joachim Alva belonged to the Alva-Bhat, a Mangalorean Catholic clan of Goud Saraswat Brahmin origin from Udupi. Alva was educated at Elphinstone College, Government Law College, Mumbai and Jesuit St. Xavier's College, Mumbai.
Andrew Fire was born in Palo Alto, California and raised in Sunnyvale, California. He graduated from Fremont High School. He attended the University of California, Berkeley, where he received a B.A. in mathematics in 1978 at the age of 19. He then proceeded to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he received a Ph.D. in biology in 1983 under the mentorship of Nobel laureate geneticist Phillip Sharp.
Sovern has been married four times: to the former Lenore Goodman in 1953, to the former Eleanor Leen in 1963, to the former Joan Rosenthal Wit in 1974, and finally to Dr. Patricia Margaret Walsh in 1995. His first and second marriages ended in divorce, and the third when Joan Sovern died of cancer in 1993. Sovern is the father of two daughters, Elizabeth and Julie, and two sons, Jeff and Douglas. Jeff Sovern is a professor of law at St. John's University and a graduate of Columbia University and Columbia Law School. Doug Sovern is an award-winning news reporter for KCBS Radio in San Francisco and maintains the sovernnation political blog. He is a graduate of Brown University. He is also a musician, playing bass in the Eyewitness Blues Band. Elizabeth Sovern, a graduate of Barnard College, teaches middle school in Westchester, New York and Julie Sovern, also a graduate of Columbia Law School, is an Assistant General Counsel at Wells Fargo & Company, in Charlotte, NC.
Lai Choy Heng is Professor of Physics and Vice Provost (Academic Personnel) at the National University of Singapore. He received his undergraduate as well as graduate degrees from the University of Chicago. He took up a position as post-doctoral Research Fellow at the Niels Bohr Institute, University of Copenhagen from 1978 to 1980 after which he joined National University of Singapore's (NUS) Department of Mathematics as a Lecturer. He then moved to the Department of Physics in 1981 which saw him rise through the ranks from Senior Lecturer to Associate Professor to Professor.
Carsten Haitzler was born in Nigeria, but soon moved with his family to Germany where he lived until the age of 4. Carsten then moved to Sydney, Australia where he attended the University of New South Wales, graduating with a bachelor degree in computer science. In 1997 Carsten moved to North Carolina, U.S. to work for Red Hat in the development of the CORBA, Xlib, GTK+ libraries, then later moved to work with VA Linux Systems.
McKim received numerous awards during his lifetime, including the Medaille d'Or at the 1900 Paris Exposition and a gold medal from Edward VII of the United Kingdom. The royal gold medal from Edward VII was awarded for the restoration of the White House. In 1902 Congress appropriated $475,445 for this purpose to be spent at the discretion of President Theodore Roosevelt. He received honorary doctorates from the University of Pennsylvania and Columbia University, and the honorary degree of A.M. from Harvard in 1890, and from Bowdoin in 1894. He was elected a Fellow of the American Institute of Architects in 1877, and received the AIA Gold Medal, posthumously, in 1909.
William Price was born in a cottage at Ty'n-y-coedcae Farm (``The House in the Wooded Field'') in Risca, Monmouthshire on 4 March 1800. His father, who was also named William Price (1761-), was an ordained priest in the Church of England who had studied at Jesus College, Oxford, whilst his mother, Mary Edmunds (1767--1844), was an uneducated Welshwoman who had been a maidservant prior to her marriage. Their marital union was controversial because Mary was of a lower social standing than William, something which was socially taboo in late 18th century society. The couple went on to have three surviving children, Elisabeth (1793--1872), Mary (1797--1869) and Ann (1804--1878), prior to William's birth.
Carew Raleigh or Ralegh (1605--1666), son of Sir Walter Raleigh, was an English politician. Born in the Tower of London during his father's incarceration, he was educated at Wadham College, Oxford. After his father's death he was presented at court, but the King supposedly complained that he looked like his father's ghost, and later refused the royal assent to a parliamentary bill restoring his rights of blood; Charles I initially did the same, before eventually allowing it to be enacted in 1628.
Mark Stephen Wrighton (born June 11, 1949) is an American academic, a chemist, and the current Chancellor of Washington University in St. Louis. Born in Jacksonville, Florida, Wrighton received his B.S. in Chemistry from Florida State University in 1969. While at Florida State, he won the Monsanto Chemistry Award for outstanding research. He received his Ph.D at the age of 22 from the California Institute of Technology, working under Harry B. Gray and George S. Hammond. His doctoral dissertation subject was Photoprocesses in Metal-Containing Molecules. He graduated from Caltech in 1972.
Harold McEwen Ickes (; born September 4, 1939) was White House Deputy Chief of Staff for President Bill Clinton. He is the son of Harold L. Ickes, who was Secretary of the Interior under Franklin D. Roosevelt. Ickes is a graduate of Stanford University (1964, AB, Economics) and Columbia Law School. Ickes was a student civil rights activist in the 1960s and took part in Freedom Summer. He has practiced labor law for many years in New York City. He was the model for the Primary Colors character Howard Fergerson.
Devonshire was the eldest son of William Cavendish, 2nd Earl of Burlington, who succeeded his cousin as Duke of Devonshire in 1858, and Lady Blanche Cavendish, Duchess of Devonshire. Lord Frederick Cavendish and Lord Edward Cavendish were his younger brothers. He was educated at the University of Cambridge (Trinity College).
Polamalu is married to Theodora Holmes and has two sons: Paisios, born on October 31, 2008, and Ephraim, born September 16, 2010. His wife Theodora is the sister of NFL player and USC Trojans alumnus Alex Holmes. He resides with his family in Pittsburgh during the football season and San Diego, California during the off-season.
Matt Friction was born and raised in Nashville, Tennessee and graduated from Hume Fogg Magnet High School in 1999. He attended Middle Tennessee State University from 1999 to 2000.
Wolfgang Mieder (born 17 February 1944) is professor of German and folklore at the University of Vermont, in Burlington, Vermont, USA. He is a graduate of Olivet College (BA), the University of Michigan (MA), and Michigan State University (PhD). He has been a guest speaker at the University of Freiburg in Germany, the country where he was born.
Otto Eckmann was born in Hamburg, Germany in 1865. He studied at the Kunstgewerbeschule in Hamburg and Nuremberg and at the academy in Munich. In 1894, Eckmann gave up painting (and auctioned off his works) in order to concentrate on applied design. He began producing graphic work for the magazines Pan in 1895 and Jugend in 1896. He also designed book covers for the publishers Cotta, Diederichs, Scherl and Seemann, as well as the logo for the publishing house S. Fischer Verlag. In 1897 he taught ornamental painting at the Unterrichtsanstalt des Königlichen Kunstgewerbemuseums in Berlin. In 1899, he designed the logo for the magazine Die Woche. From 1900 to 1902, Eckmann did graphic work for the Allgemeine Elektrizitätsgesellschaft (AEG). During this time, he designed the fonts Eckmann (in 1900) and Fette Eckmann (in 1902), probably the most common Jugendstil fonts still in use today.
Charles P. Neill was born on December 12, 1865 at Rock Island, Illinois. His parents James and Julia Neill had emigrated from Ireland in 1850. The family moved to Austin, Texas in 1871, where Charles' father, James, practiced law. Charles was employed as a bank messenger from 1876 to 1885. He attended the University of Notre Dame from 1885 to 1888 where he enjoyed his youth playing with snowballs. He then attended the University of Texas at Austin from 1888 to 1889 and finally graduated from Georgetown University in Washington, D.C. in 1891. He later taught at Notre Dame from 1891 to 1894. He studied at Johns Hopkins University from 1894 to 1897 and earned a doctorate in economics and politics. He then decided to continue teaching at the Catholic University of America, where he taught as an economics professor from 1896 to 1905 along with his peer Carroll D. Wright. He married Esther Waggaman of Washington, D.C., in 1901.
John Hoge Ewing, son of William Porter Ewing and Mary Conwell Ewing, was born near Brownsville, Pennsylvania in 1796. In 1814, he graduated from Washington College (now Washington and Jefferson College) in Washington, Pennsylvania. He studied law, was admitted to the Bar in 1818, and commenced practice in Washington, Pennsylvania.
In later years Reisenberg taught at the Juilliard School and was a frequent juror for the Leventritt Competition. Among her notable pupils are pianists Elena Braslavsky and Rami Bar-Niv. Her son Robert Sherman currently teaches courses on ``The Business of Music'' at Juilliard and previously wrote music criticism for The New York Times for four decades. He and her other son Alexander co-authored a biography on their mother, Nadia Reisenberg: A Musician's Scrapbook (1985).
Actors Kevin Spacey, Mare Winningham, Adam Rich, Val Kilmer, and Kirk Cameron graduated from Chatsworth High School. Spacey thanked the drama department of his alma mater when he won his first Oscar.
Paul DiMeo (born February 12, 1958) in Media, Pennsylvania is an American television personality, philanthropist, building designer, and carpenter who is a regular cast member of the reality television series . He is originally from Media, Pennsylvania and a family of five children. DiMeo graduated from Penncrest High School, class of 1976, where he was quite active in student activities such as play production to student council.
Born in Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire, Charlie Elphicke was educated at Felsted School and the University of Nottingham.
George Alan Vasey was born in Malvern East, Victoria on 29 March 1895, the third of six children of George Brinsden Vasey, a barrister and solicitor, and his wife Alice Isabel, née McCutcheon. Because his father was also George Vasey, George Alan Vasey's family always called him Alan. He was educated at Camberwell Grammar School and Wesley College, Melbourne, where his schoolmates included Robert Menzies and Edward James Milford. At Wesley, Vasey served in the Australian Army Cadets, in which he became a second lieutenant.
Jocy de Oliveira was born in Curitiba and grew up in São Paulo, Brazil. She studied in São Paulo with Joseph Kliass, in Paris with Marguerite Long, and in St. Louis with Robert Wykes. She received a Master of Arts from Washington University in St. Louis.
Griffiths' libretto for Tan Dun's Marco Polo was his first for an opera by a living composer. In the late 1980s Tan Dun has been commissioned by the Edinburgh International Festival to compose an original opera. As he recounted in a 1997 interview: I first tried to write the libretto myself, about something from myself, and wasn't getting anywhere. Then someone, in 1990, said why not read Paul Griffiths's novel Myself and Marco Polo? I read it and phoned him at his home near Oxford. And he agreed to write a libretto. Marco Polo finally received its world premiere in 1996, not in Edinburgh as originally planned, but in Munich at the Munich Biennale. Although Griffiths' libretto was not directly related to or based on his novel, the first line of the opera, ``I have not told one half of what I saw'', was the novel's final statement. Griffiths' next commission as a librettist was for Elliott Carter's only opera, What Next?. The work premiered in 1999 at Berlin's Staatsoper Unter den Linden, conducted by Daniel Barenboim who also conducted its US premiere in a concert performance by the Chicago Symphony Orchestra the following year.
Rozy Munir was born on April 16, 1943. He received his degree from the University of Hawaii in the United States. He became an economics professor at the University of Indonesia.
John Carlino (born September 23rd 1965 in Brooklyn, NY) ... is a playwright, screenwriter, actor and comedian and ran for the New York City Council as a Republican and Independent candidate in 2005. He attended Christ the King High School in Middle Village, NY and Irving High School in Irving, Texas. He is a graduate of St. John's University.
Nikolay Nikolayevich Sokolov () (born 28 August 1930 in the village of Vasyunino, Vologodsky District, Vologda Oblast) was a Soviet athlete who competed mainly in the 3000 metre steeplechase. He trained at Lokomotiv in Vologda.
Roland Muldoon, born, in between air-raid warnings in 1941 in Weybridge, Surrey. He left school in 1956 and worked in various jobs, ranging from City clerk to labourer, Brixham fish sorter to chainman on the new Victoria line. He studied Stage Management at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School. It was in this city that he teamed up with life-time partner/wife, Claire.
Eric Fraser (born May 5, 1987 in Burnaby, British Columbia) is a collegiate football safety for the Central Michigan University Chippewas of the Mid-American Conference. He was drafted by the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League as the eighth overall selection and the Stampeders first selection in the first round of the 2009 CFL Draft. He went to high school at Burnaby Central Secondary School where the coaches under appreciated him. He then went on to play minor football for the North Delta Longhorns, where his career took off.
John Mahon is a professional percussionist and backing vocalist, most noted for his work with Elton John. He grew up in Canton, Ohio, and was attracted to music when he joined a local drum/bugle club. He attended St. Thomas Aquinas High School.
After spending his childhood at Glaveno seminary, Giacomo Grosso enrolled at the Accademia Albertina in Turin in 1873, thanks to a scholarship he was awarded by Cambiano Town Council. He became a pupil of Andrea Gastaldi and made his debut in 1882 at the 24th Esposizione della Società di Incoraggiamento alle Belle Arti di Torino, completing his studies the following year. In 1884 he participated in the Esposizione Generale Italiana in Turin with a painting inspired by La storia di una capinera by Giovanni Verga. After coming into contact with the Paris art scene through his many stays in the French capital, he continued to exhibit assiduously in the Turin Promotrici, the Venice Esposizioni Internazionali d’Arte from the first edition in 1895 (with a one-man show in 1912), and in other international shows (Paris, 1896; Munich, 1899; San Francisco, 1915) where he became acclaimed as a portraitist. From 1901 when he made his first journey to South America he began to receive commissions from Argentina and in 1910, for the International Centenary Exhibition in Buenos Aires, he executed a large commemorative canvas of the Battle of Maipú, an episode in the War of Independence. From 1906 he held the chair of painting at the Accademia Albertina in Turin and in 1929 he was nominated senator of the kingdom. His solo exhibition of over fifty works was curated by Leonardo Bistolfi at the Galleria Pesaro, Milan, in 1926.
Young was born at Londesborough, Yorkshire, the second son of a family of 12. His father, Colonel Young, came of prosperous yeoman stock. Blamire Young was educated at the Forest School, Walthamstow, where he received a classical training, and going on to Cambridge University specialized in mathematics. That he completed his course with no better than third-class honours was no doubt partly caused by his discovery of the print collection in the Fitzwilliam Museum, and his association with the Cambridge Fine Art Society. It had been intended that he should become a clergyman, but Young felt that he had no vocation for that work and obtained the position of mathematical master at Katoomba College, Katoomba, New South Wales, which had been founded by John Walter Fletcher in 1884. Young remained at the school for eight years. In his spare time he practised painting, and meeting Phil May received some instruction from him in painting in oil.
Ansar Burney (; born 14 August 1956 in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan) is a leading Pakistani human rights and civil rights activist. He is a graduate of Masters and Law from Karachi University and honorary recipient of a PhD. in Philosophy. In 1980, Ansar Burney began the ``Ansar Burney Welfare Trust'', ``Prisoners Aid Society'', and ``Bureau of Missing and Kidnapped Persons'' in Karachi, Pakistan.
Frank Pooler was born and raised in Onalaska, Wisconsin. He attended St. Olaf College in Northfield, Minnesota, and earned a Bachelor's degree there. While there, he acquired a love for choral music while singing under Olaf Christiansen, son of the noted choral director, F. Melius Christiansen. He worked for a year after that as the music director at the First Baptist Church in Albert Lea, Minnesota, before going to the University of Iowa, where he earned a Masters Degree. From there, he worked for several years at Shimer College, then in Mount Carrol, Illinois. He often said that those years at Shimer were among the happiest and most productive of his life. From there, he went to a brief stint at New Trier High School in Chicago. It was there, in the middle of winter 1959, that he received a phone call from a former University of Iowa colleague, asking if he wanted to come to California to work at Long Beach State University. Frank's answer was ``what's the temperature there?'' He would go on to teach at CSULB for 28 years, before retiring in 1988. He earned the St. Olaf Medal from the King of Norway in 1984 for distinguished contributions to Norwegian music in the United States.
SA TrackWorks is the partnership of Steve Smith (born January, 1967) in Vancouver, British Columbia and Anthony Anderson (born December, 1968) in Toronto, Ontario. Steve as a drummer, attended Berklee College of Music in Boston, while Anthony, a guitarist, attended Toronto's Humber College for Music. The duo are Pop music Record Producers and Songwriters who have written and produced for various Artists from around the world.
Brother-in-law of Barack Obama, born 1974. He is of Malaysian Chinese descent, and his parents are from Kudat and Sandakan, two small towns in Sabah, Malaysia. Ng and his younger brother, Perry, were born and raised in Burlington, Ontario. Perry Ng works for the University of Ottawa. He married Maya Soetoro-Ng at the end of 2003 in Hawaii. They have two daughters, Suhaila and Savita. Konrad Ng currently is a US citizen. He is an assistant professor at the University of Hawaii's Academy of Creative Media. He studied philosophy at McGill University and cultural studies at the University of Victoria before he got his PhD from University of Hawaii at Manoa.
Steven Hilliard Stern (born in Timmins, Ontario, Canada on 1 November 1937) is a Canadian television and documentary director, producer and writer. He attended the Ryerson University's Institute of Technology and served in the Canadian Infantry before inaugurating his directing career. The bulk of Stern's output has been in the field of made-for-TV movies, both in the United States and Canada. Some film credits may appear as Steve Stern and Steven H. Stern rather than the full middle name.
Hu Chunhua was born into a family of farming background in Wufeng County, Hubei in April 1963. In 1979, he ranked first in the county for the Gaokao examination. He received his B.A. degree from Peking University in August 1983, majoring in Chinese language. After graduation, he began work as a cadre in the Organization Department of the Communist Youth League in Tibet. Hu subsequently held various government and Youth League positions in Tibet, ultimately serving as deputy secretary of the CPC Tibet Autonomous Regional Committee from November 2003 to November 2006 and vice chairman of the Tibet Autonomous Regional Government from November 2003 to November 2005.
John Bowis was educated at Tonbridge School and Brasenose College, Oxford, where he studied Philosophy, Politics and Economics.
Sir Ronald was educated at Weymouth College in Dorset and joined the Royal Navy in 1927 as a Paymaster Cadet (later Supply Officer). He served as the Assistant Secretary to the First Sea Lord, Admiral of the Fleet Sir Roger Backhouse from 1938 to 1939 and was promoted to Paymaster Lieutenant-Commander in 1939. He was the Admiral's Secretary to Admiral of the Fleet Sir Dudley Pound during World War II from 1939 to 1943. Promoted to Paymaster Commander in 1943, he served as Admiral's Secretary to Admiral of the Fleet Lord Louis (Francis Albert Victor) Mountbatten (Lord Mountbatten of Burma from 1946) from 1943 to 1959 and he was the Private Secretary to Mountbatten as Governor General of India from 1947 to 1948. Finally, he served as the Senior Staff Officer to the Chief of Defence Staff within the Ministry of Defence from 1959 to 1965. He had been promoted to Captain (S) in 1953, to Rear-Admiral on 6 April 1963 with further promotion to Acting Vice-Admiral later the same year. Sir Ronald Brockman retired from the Royal Navy in 1965 with the rank of Vice-Admiral. He was appointed KCB in 1965, CSI 1947, CIE 1946, CVO 1979 and CBE 1943. He was made a KStJ in 1985 and among his foreign awards were the Special Rosette of Cloud and Banner (China) 1946, Chevalier Legion of Honour and Croix de Guerre (France) 1946 and Bronze Star Medal (USA) 1947.
David Earl (born Stellenbosch, South Africa, 1951) is a South African composer and pianist. He was educated at Rondebosch Boys' High School. He made his professional debut at the age of sixteen when he broadcast Bach, Chopin and Chabrier on the SABC. In 1968, he performed Felix Mendelssohn's Piano Concerto No 1 with the Cape Town Symphony Orchestra. In 1971, he moved to London where he studied at Trinity College of Music. He studied under Jacob Kaletsky and Richard Arnell. His first recital at Wigmore Hall was reported as ``stylish and powerful'' by The Times. In 1975, he was selected as one the Young Musicians of the Year by the Greater London Arts Association. He also won first prize in the 1976 SABC Piano Competition. He was described by the Daily Telegraph as having ``remarkable gifts of style, technical mastery and artistry''. He made his debut as a composer in the 1977 when he premiered his own Piano Suite No 1 Mosaics at Wigmore Hall.
In 2006, An animation called Badgered by Sharon Colman who was a student at the National Film and Television School was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film.
Christiaan Teeuwsen was born in St. Catharines Ontario, Canada in 1957. He received his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1980 from Dordt College, Sioux Center, Iowa, and then went on to receive a Master of Fine Arts in 1983 and Doctor of Musical Arts in 1994 at the University of Iowa, completing studies with Dr. Delores Bruch and Dr. Delbert Disselhorst.
The son of Rev. Frederick McIvor, a Methodist clergyman, McIvor was born in the Tullyhommon, County Fermanagh part of the village of Pettigo, which straddles the Northern Ireland border. McIvor attended the Methodist College, Belfast and the Queen's University of Belfast and was called to the Bar of Northern Ireland in 1950. In his career at the Bar, Basil McIvor became Junior Crown Counsel and a Resident Magistrate in the 1970s.
Jules Jordan, Male film director and actor born Ashley Gasper, is a Hershey High School graduate, class of 1992.
Bob Peterson is a graduate of Williston High School. He received his Associate in Arts degree from UND-Williston and his Bachelor of Science degree from the University of North Dakota. He majored in accounting at the University of Mary. He served as the accounting and budget specialist for the North Dakota State Land Department from 1978 to 1996 when he was elected as North Dakota State Auditor. He lives in Bismarck and is married to Kathleen and has one daughter, Brynn.
Sean O'Dwyer was born in Nenagh, County Tipperary and educated in Dublin. He studied at the National College of Art and Design, graduating in 1989 with a Higher Diploma in Art & Design. In 1990, he co-founded Artsquad, a government-sponsored initiative that enables artists to create work on behalf of Dublin-based community groups and voluntary organisations.http://cityartsquad.com/
Gerhard Hager was born on September 26, 1942 in Vienna, Austria as the nephew of Gustav Krist and grew up under the impressions of the aftermath of World War II. From 1948-1952 Hager attended primary school before attending another school from 1952-1960. After leaving school, Hager studied law at the University of Vienna, graduating from there in 1966. During the 1970s and 1980s, Hager served in positions such as a Judge of the High Court and President of the Senate. In 1991, he was appointed Councillor of the Supreme Court. He also worked as a lecturer at the University of Vienna.
Matthew White graduated in English Literature from McGill University. He began singing as a treble with St Matthew's Men and Boys Choir in Ottawa and studied with Jan Simons in Montreal.
He received the Medicinae Doctorate from the University of Jena in 1638 under Johannes Musaeus with a thesis entitled De Natura Et Causis Externis. In 1640, he received a second Medicinae Doctorate from the University of Jena under Balthasar Widmarcter with a thesis entitled Disputatio de inflammatione.
James Deetz (February 8, 1930 -- November 25, 2000) was an American anthropologist, often known as one of the fathers of historical archaeology. His work focused on culture change and the cultural aspects inherent in the historic and archaeological record, and was concerned primarily with the Massachusetts and Virginia colonies. Deetz taught at the University of California, Santa Barbara, Harvard, Brown, William and Mary, the University of Cape Town, the University of California, Berkeley, and the University of Virginia. He received his B.A., M.A., and Ph.D. degrees from Harvard. Deetz died in Charlottesville, Virginia, in November of 2000.
She grew up in Berkeley, California, where her father, computer scientist Richard Fateman is a professor at UC Berkeley. On the official Le Tigre website, Fateman refers to filmmaker Miranda July as being her ``best friend from high school''; July is also from Berkeley. At the age of seventeen Fateman moved to Portland, Oregon to attend Reed College, which she later left for art school in New York.
On December 13, 1831, John Pratt, the college's first president and a graduate of Brown University, inaugurated classes at the Granville Literary and Theological Institution. Situated on a 200-acre farm south of the village of Granville, it was the first Baptist college west of the Allegheny mountains. While rooted in theological education, the institution submitted students to the same literary and scientific instruction common to other colleges of the day. The first term included 37 students, 27 of whom hailed from Granville; nearly half of these students were under fifteen years of age. The school's first Commencement, which graduated three classical scholars, was held in 1840.
George Horsfield was born in Meanwood, Leeds, Yorkshire, England on 19 April 1882 to Richard Marshall Horsfield, a leather manufacturer, and his wife Sarah Ellis Smart. He attended Leeds Grammar School from 1895-1901, when he moved to London to train in architecture in the office of noted Gothic architect George Frederick Bodley. After Bodley's death in 1907, Horsfield moved to the United States to work for the architectural firm Cram, Goodhue & Ferguson, where he was based in the Manhattan office of Bertram Grosvenor Goodhue, a partner in the firm.
Karstens attended Mount Miguel High School in Spring Valley, California. In his senior season, he was the team's Most Valuable Player, a First-Team All-Conference Honors selection, and a Second-Team All-San Diego selection. In his senior year, he posted an 8-2 record with a 2.99 ERA. After high school, Karstens attended Grossmont College and Texas Tech University in Lubbock, Texas, where he played for the Red Raiders.
Howard F. Chang graduated cum laude from Harvard College in 1982 with an AB degree in government. In 1985, he received a Master of Public Affairs degree from the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University, where he studied economics and public policy. He graduated magna cum laude from Harvard Law School with a JD degree in 1987. He was the supervising editor of the Harvard Law Review from 1986 to 1987. He received a PhD in economics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1992.
East Bank was the site of Cabin Creek District High School, erected 1912. The first commencement ceremony graduated a class of three. CCDHS was eventually renamed East Bank High School, home of the Pioneers. The school colors were blue & white. A notable graduate was Hercules Renda, who played football at the University of Michigan and had a long career as a high school coach. EBHS also became known for alumnus Jerry West (nicknamed ``Zeke from Cabin Creek''), who played basketball there, leading the Pioneers to a state championship in 1956. West went on to play at West Virginia University and for the Los Angeles Lakers. From 1912 until 1969, the school was located on WV Rt. 61 at Walnut Street.
Peter Oskarson (born 1951) is a Swedish theatre director and actor from Stockholm. He was educated at the Swedish National Academy of Mime and Acting from 1971-73, where he studied directing under Rudolf Penka, Wolfgang Heinz and Giorgio Strehler.
According to the Scribner Encyclopia of American Lives, Erik Barnouw was born in Den Haag in the Netherlands, the son of Adriaan (a history teacher), and Ann Eliza Barnouw (who tutored English). The Barnouws came to America in 1919, after the end of World War I when his father became one of the editors of the Weekly Review and later was the Queen Wilhelmina Professor at Columbia University. Erik attended Horace Mann School in New York City.
Born in Columbus, Ohio, he graduated as Valedictorian from Saint Wendelin High School, Fostoria, Ohio in 1985. He earned a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from University of Dayton in 1989. He then went on to earn a master's degree in business administration from the Harvard Business School in 1994 as a GM Fellow, while he was working for General Motors. Hinrichs was GM's youngest plant manager at the age of 29 when he was leading the GM Powertrain Plant in Fredericksburg, Virginia in 1996. The turnaround of that plant is the subject of a Harvard Business School case study.
Former Megadeth lead guitarist Marty Friedman attended Laurel High School in the 1970s.
Gian Andrea Pagnoni was born in Ferrara, Italy on July 15, 1966. He graduated with a degree in Biological Sciences from the University of Ferrara (M.A. equivalent, summa cum laude) in 1992. From 1990 to 1991 he attended the National University of Ireland, Galway, where he conducted research for an applied thesis in Ecology. Since 1993, Gian Andrea Pagnoni has worked as an independent researcher conducting environmental assessments and environmental project management (EIA, SEA, impact assessment and ecological networks). In 1998 he received his Ph.D. in Applied Ecology from the University of Parma. In 2001 he co-founded the Istituto Delta di Ecologia Applicata Srl (Delta Institute of Applied Ecology), a spin-off project of the University of Ferrara (National Research Register No. 53172DPY, Quality Management System UNI EN ISO 9001:2008).
Keith Robertson was born on May 9, 1914 in Dows, Iowa. He joined the Navy in 1931, and served as a radioman on a destroyer. Later, he attended the United States Naval Academy, graduating with a B.S. degree. He attributed his initial decision to study at the Academy to a ``fanatical aversion to washing dishes.'' He said, ``When I discovered that midshipmen at the United States Naval Academy did not wash dishes but were gentlemen by act of Congress, I promptly applied for entrance.'' Robertson served in World War II as captain of a destroyer. He was awarded five battle stars. He retired from the service as a captain in the United States Naval Reserve.
The eyeblink reference to Sigmund Freud not only suggests some personality traces of the hijacker; it also helps the acid humor of the song and makes us remember that Rockdrigo was interested in Psychology; as a matter of fact, he formally studied it for a short time, at the Universidad Veracruzana in Xalapa.
Graham Ragsdale was born to British immigrants from Nottingham, England and raised in Kincardine, Ontario, Canada. He joined the Canadian Forces after graduating from Secondary School and upon completion of parachute training he was posted as a paratrooper to 2 Commando of the now disbanded Canadian Airborne Regiment, Special Service Force (SSF) where he gained the reconnaissance, sniper, diver, machine gunner, communications, and mountain operations qualifications. After leaving the military to attend university he rejoined and was posted to 3 PPCLI where he gained the mortarman, leadership, jumpmaster, freefall parachute instructor, unarmed combat instructor, British pathfinder and sniper instructor qualifications. In 2000 he completed a tour of duty in the Former Yugoslavia with NATO's Stabilization Force (SFOR), and was then given the command role of battalion master sniper in charge of the sniper group that in 2002 was deployed to Afghanistan as part of the US Operation Enduring Freedom and Canadian Operation Apollo. Master Corporal Ragsdale lost the hearing in his left ear from a danger close explosion while being mortared in open ground on Operation Anaconda and following that tour he honourably released into the care of Veterans Affairs Canada. Master Corporal Ragsdale's C3A1 sniper rifle is on display at the Canadian War Museum in Ottawa, Canada.
George Higinbotham was the sixth son (and youngest of eight) of Henry Higinbotham, a merchant at Dublin, and Sarah Wilson, daughter of Joseph Wilson, a man of Scottish ancestry who had gone to America and became an American citizen after the War of Independence and returned to Dublin as American consul. George Higinbotham was educated at the Royal School Dungannon, and having gained a Queen's scholarship of £50 a year, entered at Trinity College, Dublin.
John T. Groves (Jay) is an American chemist, and Hugh Stott Taylor Chair of Chemistry, at Princeton University. He won the 2010 Hans Fischer Career Award. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a S.B., and from Columbia University with a Ph.D. He is on the Management Committee, of the Center for Catalytic Hydrocarbon Functionalization, at the University of Virginia.
Albert G. Rutherford was born in Watford, Ontario, Canada. He immigrated to the United States in 1883 with his parents, who settled in Carbondale, Pennsylvania. He attended Blair Academy in Blairstown, NJ, and the Scranton-Lackawanna Business College. He graduated from the University of Pennsylvania Law School at Philadelphia in 1904.
Daniel Pearl was born in Princeton, New Jersey, and grew up in the upscale Encino district of Los Angeles, California, where he attended Portola Middle School and Birmingham High School. His father, Judea Pearl, is currently a professor of Computer Science and Statistics and director of the Cognitive Systems Laboratory at UCLA. His mother Ruth is of Iraqi Jewish descent.
TravelPost was founded in February 2004 by Sam Shank, a graduate of the Kellogg School of Management.
Yusuf Azizullah is a MBA Professor of Finance & Strategy. He has taught at Johns Hopkins University & also teaches at top ten ranked Robert Smith School of Business, University of Maryland. He has completed Executive Education at Harvard Business School in Corporate Governance, earned a B.S. in Finance from George Mason University. He also graduated with Honors MBA in Management and Masters in Information Systems.
Steven Clarke has been on the faculty of the UCLA Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry since 1978. He is currently a Professor of Biochemistry and Director of the UCLA Molecular Biology Institute. He was born in Los Angeles and attended public schools in Altadena and Pasadena, California. He did his undergraduate work at Pomona College, a private institution, in Claremont, majoring in Chemistry and Zoology. During this time, he did undergraduate research at the UCLA Brain Research Institute with James E. Skinner and Professor Donald Lindsley on neural mechanisms of attention. He was also an NIH fellow in the laboratory of Peter Mitchell at Glynn Research Laboratories in Bodmin, England studying mitochondrial amino acid transport. He obtained a PhD in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology at Harvard University working as an NSF Fellow with Professor Guido Guidotti on membrane protein-detergent interactions and the identification of the major rat liver mitochondrial polypeptides as enzymes of the urea cycle. He returned to California to do postdoctoral work as a Miller Fellow at the University of California, Berkeley, with Professor Dan Koshland, identifying membrane receptors for bacterial chemotaxis.
David A. Johnson (born 1952) is Associate Professor of Philosophy at Yeshiva University and has previously taught at UCLA and Syracuse University. Raised in Nebraska, he earned his BA from the University of Nebraska, where he studied under Robert Audi, and his PhD from Princeton University. His areas of concentration are Philosophy of Religion, Metaphysics, and Epistemology. His brother, Edward, is Professor of Philosophy at University of New Orleans.
Sir Michael Fay (born 1949) is a New Zealand merchant banker and partner in the merchant bank Fay Richwhite. He was educated at St Peter's College, Auckland, St Patrick's College, Silverstream and Victoria University of Wellington (LL.B - 1972).
Phill Feltham received his diploma in print and broadcast journalism at Humber College in Toronto. He graduated his journalism program with honors in 2003. During his time at Humber, Phill worked with a variety of media outlets including Global Television, Rogers Television, and the Etobicoke Guardian.
Susan Fuhrman is the tenth president of Teachers College, Columbia University. Fuhrman earned her doctorate in political economy from Teachers College. She became very engaged in issues of educational equity, and became an authority on school reform. Fuhrman served as the Dean of the University of Pennsylvania Graduate School of Education for over ten years, where she is widely credited with elevating Penn GSE to enhanced national stature by ``focusing on themes of urban and international education and broadening involvement with schools in underserved communities...'' Prior to her service as dean at Pennsylvania, Fuhrman taught at Rutgers University, where she was the director of the Center for Policy Research in Education.
Bob Berry is the CEO and co-founder of Tri-B Nursery located just west of Hulbert, Oklahoma. Berry graduated from Northeastern State University in 1961. He employs approximately 3,500 people nationwide through his nursery operation. Berry was also named a Distinguished Alumnus in 2009.
Chambers took over for Dennis Wolff as the head coach at Boston University following the 2008--09 season. He was previously the associate head coach at Villanova University. He started at Villanova as director of operations in May 2004. He was promoted to assistant coach after one season and finally Associate Head Coach in June 2008. Prior to Villanova, Chambers was an assistant at Philadelphia University, Delaware Valley College and Episcopal Academy. In his first season at BU, Chambers led the Terriers to a 21--14 overall record and an 11--5 mark in league play. The Terriers fell just short of an America East Tournament Championship after falling to University of Vermont 83--70 on March 13, 2010. The team did qualify for the 3rd annual College Basketball Invitational and won their first postseason game since 1959. They also hosted the first postseason game in program history, defeating Morehead State University in overtime at Case Gymnasium.
Following the sudden death of his mother, Rupert Thomson was educated as a boarder at Christ's Hospital School. At seventeen, he was awarded a scholarship to Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge, where he studied Medieval History and Political Thought. He worked for four years as a copywriter in London, before abandoning his job to write full-time. Once described as ``one of the strangest and most refreshingly un-English voices in contemporary fiction'', and compared to writers as various as Charles Dickens, Gabriel Garcia Marquez, Mervyn Peake and JG Ballard, he is the author of eight widely-acclaimed novels, the most recent of which, Death of a Murderer, was shortlisted for the Costa Novel of the Year. His sixth novel, The Book of Revelation, was made into a feature film by the Australian writer/director, Ana Kokkinos. With his 2010 memoir, ``This Party's Got to Stop'', he has ventured into non-fiction for the first time, and explores events surrounding his father's death, and his complex relationship with his brothers and extended family. He has lived in many cities throughout the world, including Berlin and Barcelona. He currently resides in South London.
Peter Kuper was born in Summit, New Jersey, and moved to Cleveland, Ohio when he was six years old, where he graduated from Cleveland Heights High School in 1976. He attended Kent State University in 1976-1977, then moved to New York City in 1977, where he studied at Art Students League and the Pratt Institute (along with his childhood friend and World War 3 Illustrated co-founder Seth Tobocman). In 1970 Kuper and Tobocman published their first fanzine, ``Phanzine'' and in 1971 published ``G.A.S Lite'' the official magazine of the Cleveland Graphic Arts Society. In 1972 Kuper traded R. Crumb some old jazz records for the right to publish some artwork from one of Crumb's sketchbooks in a comic titled Melotoons that lasted for two issues. For a short period he acted as studio assistant for cartoonist Howard Chaykin.
He belonged to a younger branch of the Wisharts of Pitarrow near Montrose. He may have graduated M.A., probably at King's College, Aberdeen, and was certainly a student at the University of Leuven, from which he graduated in 1531. He taught the New Testament in Greek as schoolmaster at Montrose, until investigated for heresy by the Bishop of Brechin in 1538. He fled to England, where a similar charge was brought against him at Bristol in the following year by Thomas Cromwell. Under examination by Archbishop Thomas Cranmer he recanted some utterances. In 1539 or 1540 he may have visited Germany and Switzerland, but by 1542 he had entered Corpus Christi College, Cambridge, where he studied and taught.
Matthews Hall was an Episcopal divinity school of higher education at the Colorado University Schools campus at Golden, Colorado. Built in 1872 by the missionary Bishop George Maxwell Randall, Matthews Hall's purpose was the train future Episcopal clergy for work in the frontier region of Colorado. The school was named after its major benefactor, Nathan Matthews, Esq. of Boston. Its building, designed by architect Thayer from Boston, was created to complement is sister schools Jarvis Hall and the Territorial School of Mines on campus. It was a beautiful combination Gothic and Second Empire styled brick edifice with a central bell tower entrance and ornamental brickwork. Inside Matthews Hall featured on the first floor a chapel, professors' rooms and lavatory; the second floor housed a 1,500 volume theological library, recitation rooms and students' rooms; and the third floor housed students' dormitories. The building starting in 1873 also housed the natural history wing of the Jarvis Hall Museum, organized by prominent Matthews Hall graduate Arthur Lakes. For most of its existence Matthews Hall was headed by Rev. Thomas Lloyd Bellam, and had an initial student body of 10 students. After the death of Bishop Randall in 1873, however, the school along with Jarvis Hall became a target for persons within the church wishing to move it to Denver. On April 8, 1878, just four days after Jarvis Hall was destroyed by fire from a defective flue, Matthews Hall was discovered to be on fire, later found to have been a deliberate act by an arsonist. Afterward Matthews Hall either ceased to exist or merged with Jarvis Hall, which was eventually quartered in Denver. The Jarvis Hall Museum, reduced to only its geological wing housed in the School of Mines building, has gone on to become the renowned Colorado School of Mines Geology Museum.
The S.L. Benfica Swimming section was created in 1916 and is one of the most successful swimming teams in Portugal. Its most famous swimmer was Alexandre Yokochi, who played at Benfica his entire career. He was part of the S.L. Benfica Swimming team who won the EEC (European Economic Community) European Champions Clubs Cup in 1990. Apart from the individual titles and the ECC European Champions Clubs Cup, Benfica has won the Absolute National Championship 4 times, the Women's National Championship 2 times and the Men's National Championship 8 times. Arguably, the most successful years in the swimming section was in the early 1990s, when the men's team won 6 national titles in 8 seasons.
Mary Pilon (May 16, 1986 in Eugene, Oregon) is a reporter based in the USA. She is an alumna of New York University, a member of the graduating class of 2008 with a degree in politics and journalism?. While she has not studied finance or business subjects, she has been writing about it for over a year.
Monte Davidoff (; born 1956) is an American computer programmer. He graduated from Nicolet High School in Glendale, Wisconsin in 1974. He went on to Harvard University, where he majored in applied mathematics, the department at Harvard that, at the time, included computer science. He also worked at WHRB, the college radio station. He graduated from Harvard in 1978.
Lead singer, guitarist, and lyricist Josh Ramsay (Born June 10th, 1983) grew up in a musical family, with his mother being a singing teacher and his father owning a recording studio. Ramsay also shared the love of music and started a solo career at the age of 14. He later needed a supporting band and recruited high school friend Matt Webb and local musicians Morgan Hempsted and Steve Marshall. Josh Ramsay attended high school at Magee Secondary School. Together they formed a band named Ramsay Fiction.
Jack Milton Warner (March 16, 1916 - April 1, 1995) was a film producer and son of Warner Bros. chief Jack Warner. Warner graduated from the University of Southern California and worked in the short-subject department of the Warner Brothers studio in Burbank. He joined the Warner Brothers distribution company after World War II, and later became a producer.
Father Jonathan DeFelice, O.S.B. is the President of New England's third oldest Catholic college, Saint Anselm College in Goffstown, New Hampshire. Growing up in Bristol, Rhode Island, he graduated from Portsmouth Abbey School in 1965, and then attended Saint Anselm College, earning a bachelors degree in Philosophy in 1969. Seeking to be a monk, he entered Saint Anselm Abbey as a junior, in 1968, professing his solemn vows as a Benedictine monk in 1973. Thereafter, he studied at St. John's Seminary in Boston, and in 1974 was ordained as a Roman Catholic priest. In 1983, DeFelice received a licentiate in canon law from the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome. DeFelice co-founded the Association of Benedictine Colleges and Universities and has served as a board member of the Association of Catholic Colleges and Universities.
Theodore P. Savas was born and raised on the Northern Plains in Iowa. He graduated from North Iowa Area Community College (NIACC) in 1979 with an A.A. degree, and from the University of Northern Iowa (UNI) in 1981 with a B.A. in History with a teaching credential. After working on his Master's in American History, he entered The University of Iowa College of Law in 1983 and graduated in 1986 (with Distinction).
Bertha McDougall was educated at Methodist College Belfast. She was a school teacher at the Fane Street Primary School in Belfast for 15 years before being seconded to the Northern Ireland Council for Educational Development, where she is co-ordinator for EMU (Education for Mutual Understanding) in cross community projects.
Nicolas Hodges (born 1970 in London) is a British pianist and composer. He specializes in avant garde music. He was educated at Christ Church Cathedral School, Oxford, Winchester College, and the University of Cambridge.
She went to the prestigious New York University Tisch School of the Arts - Collaborative Arts Project 21 Musical Theatre Conservatory for her undergraduate studies. She has played leading roles from Maria in West Side Story to a one woman show as Ethel Waters. She continued her studies at New York University and earned a Master's degree in May 2007.
Frank A. Gerbode wrote of a method known as traumatic incident reduction (TIR). He is an Honors graduate of Stanford University and later pursued graduate studies in philosophy at Cambridge University. He received his medical degree from Yale University, and completed a psychiatric residency at Stanford University Medical Center in the early 1970s.
Rod DeHaven is the current Head Men's and Women's Cross Country Coach at South Dakota State University as of 2011. SDSU is his alma mater where he holds several school records in track.
Daniel Apai (born 1977) is a Hungarian professor and astronomer at The University of Arizona. He is known for his studies of exoplanets, planet formation and his contributions to reconcile the properties of planet-forming disks around others stars with the early Solar System. He studied physics at the University of Szeged, Hungary, and received his Ph.D. from the University of Heidelberg in 2004. He was on astronomer at the Space Telescope Science Institute.
James Shen was born in Shanghai, China in 1909. Shen was educated at Yenching University, which was located in Beijing. He earned his Masters degree in journalism at the University of Missouri in 1935.
Dr Talimeran Ao performed superbly in the Durand Cup final,1950 played between Mohun Bagan and Hyderabad Police. In 1951, he played against some foreign teams namely, Philippines, France, Hong Kong, Singapore, Burma and Japan. After his retirement from the Mohun Bagan AC, Talimeran Ao studied medicines at R. G. Kar Medical College and Hospital, Kolkata. Completing his MBBS, he went back to Nagaland. There he became the director of Nagaland Health Service in 1978. He is remembered for promoting sports in North-Eastern states of India. Mohun Bagan AC honored him with the Mohun Bagan Ratna Award in 2002 for his achievements. In 1998, he died at the age of 80.
George Harwood went to school locally in Lancashire and then went into his father's cotton business while still finding time to continue his education at Owens College, the establishment founded with a bequest left by John Owens, a successful Manchester cotton merchant and first set up in a house in Deansgate, Manchester, once occupied by Richard Cobden. Owens College developed into the Victoria University of Manchester, which later combined with UMIST to become the University of Manchester.
The son of Colonel John Joseph O'Sullevan DSO, resident magistrate at Killarney, and Vera (née Henry), Peter O'Sullevan was educated at Hawtreys, Charterhouse School, and at Collège Alpin International Beau Soleil in Switzerland.According to the records of the Kerry Library in Tralee, there is no mention of a ``Colonel John Joseph O'Sullevan,'' as ever being a ``resident magistrate'', in Kerry. If Sir Peter changed his name from O'Sullivan to O'Sullevan, (see British Telephone Books, Ancestry.com) why would he spell his father's surname as O'Sullevan? An inquiry to the ``College Alpin International Beau Sole,'' failed to find Peter's enrollment there. There is no record of Peter being born in Kenmare, County Kerry, or elsewhere in Ireland. There is antidotal evidence that Peter's father was one Patrick O'Sullivan, born Rusheens, Kenmare in 1904. Patrick moved to London and lived for a while at 75 Chapter Road, London, NW2. Again, antidotal evidence provides an acknowledgement from Peter to a living cousin, that he was her cousin and his father was her uncle, Patrick O'Sullivan of Rusheens.
Henriette Gezundhajt (born 1962 in France) is a professor of French linguistics at Glendon College, York University. She received her Ph.D. in French linguistics from the University of Toronto in 1995 and has taught at several universities in Toronto, including Ryerson University, York University and U of T. She specializes in the morphology of adverbs and her work has been cited in various journals and books such as Structure du Français Moderne by Pierre Léon and Parth Bhatt. She has created several sites dedicated to the study of linguistics. ``Sur Les Sentiers de La Linguistique'' is one of the more comprehensive sites on French linguistics on the web and is an effective tool for students wanting to learn the fundamentals of French linguistics. She is also a licensed hypnotherapist.
Kristian Niemann is a guitarist, ex-member of Therion, Lithium and Demonoid bands. He studied jazz at Musicians Institute. In 1996 his song ``Industrial Type Thang'' was featured in JSR Records' compilation Hottest Unknown Guitarists. His style of playing mostly centers around legato, sweep picking, and he sometimes uses two-handed tapping to play extremely fast shreds. He is also brother of Johan Niemann.
Greg Hopkins was born in Waynesburg, Pennsylvania, United States. He attended Waynesburg Central High School in Waynesburg, Pennsylvania and was a quarterback in football, a wrestler on the wrestling team, and a record-setting javelin thrower on the track and field team.
Jakob Ackeret was born in 1898 in Switzerland. He received his Diploma degree in Mechanical Engineering from ETH Zurich in 1920 under the supervision of Aurel Stodola. From 1921 to 1927 he worked with Ludwig Prandtl at the ``Aerodynamische Versuchsanstalt'' in Göttingen, witnessing a legendary period in the development of modern fluid dynamics. He received his Ph.D from ETH Zurich in 1927.
In 1996-97 Dale Brown brought in his last star recruit: Baton Rouge high school phenom Lester Earl. Earl lasted 11 games at LSU before he was suspended. He transferred to the University of Kansas soon afterward. While at Kansas, Earl said that an LSU assistant coach gave him money when he was at LSU. The NCAA quickly began an investigation. It found no evidence that Brown or his assistants paid Earl. However, it did find that a former booster paid Earl about $5,000 while he was attending LSU. LSU was placed on probation in 1998.
Matthews attended Sycamore High School in Cincinnati, Ohio and was a student and a letterman in football, basketball, and baseball. In football, he was named as a first team All-City selection, a second team All-District selection, and a first team All-Conference selection. Michael Matthews graduated from Sycamore High School in 2002.
Max Kinnings was born in Boningale in Shropshire in 1966. He attended Shrewsbury School before moving to London at the age of 18 to study criminology as part of a Social Science degree at the Polytechnic of Central London where he also pursued his childhood ambition to write fiction. Having lived in London for twenty-five years, in 2009, Max moved with his family to Oxford.
Malcolm Delevingne was the son of a London businessman and was raised in the comfortable suburb of Ealing. He was educated at the City of London School and Trinity College, Oxford taking first class honours in classics. He had strong religious convictions, privately held, which informed his public stance on worker's safety, narcotics and child welfare.
Ariel Rios was born in New Haven, Connecticut to Puerto Rican parents. Rios graduated from William Howard Taft High School in February 1972, and immediately enrolled in John Jay College of Criminal Justice in Manhattan and received his B.S. in Criminal Justice in 1976. He married his high school sweetheart, Elsie Morales, immediately upon graduation. Rios started working as a guard with the Washington, D.C. and New York City Department of Corrections, he worked his way up to the Internal Affairs Unit. He then joined the ATF and took the oath of office on December 3, 1978. He completed his formal training at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center in Glynco, Georgia in 1979. After training , he was assigned to the New Haven office on June 3, 1979.
Marion Gilchrist was born on 5 February 1864 at Bothwell Park farm, to Margaret and William Gilchrist, a prosperous farmer, and was the younger sister of the Scottish agriculturalist, Douglas Alston Gilchrist. Educated at Bothwell Primary School, Marion Gilchrist (as had her brother before her) entered Hamilton Academy, the prestigious fee-paying school in nearby Hamilton, South Lanarkshire. In 1887 Gilchrist matriculated at Queen Margaret College, University of Glasgow, as an arts student and having begun the examinations while at Queen Margaret College, she attained LLA, awarded by the University of Saint Andrews in 1890, in which year she enrolled at the new Queen Margaret College Medical School. In July 1894 Gilchrist was to become the first woman to graduate from Glasgow University and the first woman to qualify in medicine at a Scottish university, graduating MB and CM.
Friscolanti is a graduate of Lakehead University and the Ryerson University School of Journalism's graduate program. He grew up in Hamilton, Ontario and attended high school at Bishop Ryan Catholic High School, where he was Valedictorian of his graduating class in 1994. He was an editor at Ryerson's student newspaper The Eyeopener, where he won a Canadian Association of Journalists award for student journalism.
The Right Reverend David Halsey was born on 27 January 1919 and died on 16 May 2009. He was educated at King's College School, Wimbledon and King's College London. After this he took holy orders at Wells Theological College and began his ministry as a curate at St. Peter's Church, Petersfield. A wartime chaplain in the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve, he then served the Christian ministry successively in the West Country (Plymouth and Netheravon), Kent ( Chatham, Bromley and Tonbridge) and Cumbria, his last post being Bishop of Carlisle from 1972 to 1989. His daughter Sarah is married to David French, the Chief Executive of the Westminster Foundation for Democracy
Lawrence Kaptein is an American choral conductor and music educator. From 1985-2011 he was a member of the Faculty of the College of Music at the University of Colorado at Boulder. During his tenure at CU he held the post of Associate Director of Choral Activities (1985-1992), Director of Choral Activities (1992-2008), and Director of Choral Studies (2008-2011). Kaptein retired from the CU and the College of Music in the spring of 2011. During his twenty-six year tenure at the University of Colorado, Kaptein conducted the University Choir (primarily undergraduate music majors) and the University Singers (graduate students), taught undergraduate and graduate choral conducting, and served as administrator for the undergraduate and graduate choral ensembles and for CU's nationally recognized graduate choral conducting program. Kaptein served as Chair of the Conducting Faculty from 1995-1998. In 2009, Kaptein founded the Colorado Conductors' Chorus - a thirty-voice, mixed choir composed entirely of choral conductors and music educators working in the Denver metropolitan area. The primary mission of the CCC was to provide choral music professionals with a high-level, post-baccalaureate degree choral experience as a means of elevating choral singing in Colorado's public and private schools. Additionally, Kaptein arranged for inservice credit to be offered to CCC participants through CU's Division of Continuing Education. The ensemble has performed to critical acclaim since its founding. Professor Kaptein received two student-based teaching awards during his career at CU: the 2007 Marius Smith Award (CU Parents Association) and the 1998 Residential Life Teaching Award (Office of Campus Residential Life). Under his leadership, CU choirs distinguished themselves through juried performances at both national and divisional conventions of the American Choral Directors Association (ACDA), made four concert tours to Europe - being awarded third prize at the Tolosa International Choral Festival in 1992, appeared at numerous conventions of the Colorado Music Educators Convention, and made many in-state tours with University ensembles. The performance of the University Choir at the 1991 National ACDA Convention in Phoenix, AZ has frequently been cited as the genesis of the multi-cultural choral movement in the United States. That convention appearance, which included several African folksongs (incorporating movement and use of authentic percussion instruments,) was a programming approach that had previously never been tried at a national choral convention. Kaptein remains a champion of ethnic choral literature, contemporary American works, and the much-overlooked secular choral repertoire. He has published articles (primarily dealing with rehearsal pedagogy and American choral history) in the ``Choral Journal,'' ``American Choral Review'' and was a contributor to ``An Annotated Listing of Distinctive High School Choral Repertoire'' published by the American Choral Directors Association. His ``List of Ethnically-Inspired Choral Repertoire'' has appeared in numerous state and regional choral publications over the years. During his seventeen-year tenure as Artistic Director of the CU's annual 'Holiday Festival' (formerly the 'Festival of Christmas'), weekend audience size grew to well over 8,000 patrons. The content of the program also began to broaden in scope emphasizing the inclusion of various holiday traditions and diverse seasonal repertoire. This event has now become a major financial resource (primarily funding music scholarships) for the College of Music. Kaptein received degrees from Willamette University (College of Music), Portland State University, and earned a Doctor of Musical Arts degree in choral music and conducting from the University of Southern California. Prior to joining the faculty at CU's College of Music, he was Director of Choirs at Glendale College (CA) and the Conductor and Music Director of the Burbank Civic Chorale. Kaptein also taught choral music for many years in Oregon and California. He has conducted All-State and Honor Choirs throughout the United States and lectures and gives workshops on conducting, programming, and repertoire. In 1998 and again in 2008, Kaptein presented concerts with the acclaimed Ansan City Professional Choir in Korea. While in Korea, he presented a series of conducting masterclasses at Ehwa Women's University (Seoul) and for the Korean Choral Conductors Association. He is the editor of the Lawrence Kaptein Choral Series published by Alliance Music Publications (Houston).
Silvio Gazzaniga (born 23 January 1921) is an Italian sculptor. While working for the Stabilimento Artistico Bertoni company, he created the FIFA World Cup Trophy. Gazzaniga was a graduate of the Brera Academy, as is his daughter, Gabriella, and is a fan of AC Milan.
Wai was the child of a Native Hawaiian mother and a Chinese father. Growing up, he often surfed with Duke Kahanamoku, regarded as the father of surfing, and Buster Crabbe, who later became an actor. He attended the Punahou School in Honolulu where he earned athletic letters in track, football and baseball. He went to college at the Sacramento Junior College before transferring to UCLA. At UCLA, he was a four sport athlete and graduated in 1939 with a Bachelor's Degree in Banking and Finance. He intended to work alongside his father in real estate and banking but instead joined the military upon the outbreak of World War II.
Chris Hunter (born November 27, 1972 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a former field hockey forward from Canada, who earned a total number of 69 international caps for the Women's National Team during her career in the 1990s. She started playing hockey in high school (Grant Park H.S.) in Winnipeg. Hunter studied Occupational Therapy at the University of Alberta.
It appears that Bigelow attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, as issue no. 2 of its Architectural Review included designs for a fountain by Henry Forbes Bigelow and W. Proctor, Jr., as well as a design for opera boxes by Henry F. Bigelow.
Laslo Sekelj studied philosophy, political science, and sociology at the Universities of Belgrade, Berlin, and Zagreb. He received his Ph.D. in sociology at the University of Zagreb (1983). He published a number of studies and articles on inter-ethnic tensions and Jewish identity in Yugoslavia. For many years he was a senior research fellow at the Institute for Philosophy and Social Theory at the University of Belgrade. As a member of the dissident ``Praxis'' group he was denied the right to teach.
David S. Potter was educated at Yale University, receiving a B.S. in Physics in 1945, and at the University of Washington, from which he received a Ph.D. in Physics in 1951. Potter spent the next two decades as an engineer at General Motors. This academic phase of his career climaxed in his election to the National Academy of Engineering in 1973 in recognition of his work in underwater acoustic instrumentation, ocean engineering and manned exploration of the moon. President of the United States Richard Nixon nominated Potter as Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Research and Development) in 1973, and Potter held this office from September 14, 1973 to August 16, 1974. President Gerald Ford subsequently nominated Potter as Under Secretary of the Navy and Potter held that office from August 28, 1974 to April 1, 1976.
Jackson was born in an economically depressed region, known to be the poorest in the state of Oklahoma (Little Dixie). Only child of Luther Jackson Burns and Ermaline Delora Lockhart. Father is of French, Scot-Irish and Cherokee heritage and mother is of English, Scot, Irish and Choctaw heritage. His father Luther, quit school in 6th grade to help work and take care of his sharecropper parents (also of very limited education) and his siblings. His mother Delora finished high school. Jackson finished high school and graduated in the Class of 1974, Heavener High School, Heavener, Oklahoma. Jackson also attended Northeastern State University at Tahlequah, Oklahoma for a short time. Jackson has said that never finishing his education is what has been his most damaging point in his life.
David Hilliard (born May 15, 1942) is a member of the Black Panther Party. He was Chief of Staff in the party. He is currently a visiting instructor at the University of New Mexico.
Mike Hovancsek is a graduate of Kent State University, where he majored in psychology and later earned a master's degree in counseling. While there he studied Chinese music with Chia-chun Chu and Japanese koto with Anne Prescott.
The Rabbinical Seminary International (RSI) is a rabbinical seminary located in New York City. RSI was founded in 1955 by the Hungarian Hasidic Rabbi and Kabbalist Dr. Joseph H. Gelberman, a graduate of City University of New York and Yeshiva University, who is also known as a pioneer in inter-religious dialogue. The Rabbinical Seminary International is a transdenominational rabbinical seminary in the Neo-Hasidic tradition.
Paula Froelich is a native of Cincinnati, OH. She was born October 30, 1972. She attended Walnut Hills High School and was a member of the class of 1991. She went on to study at Emory University in Atlanta, GA.
Born in 1918, John Orr was educated at George Heriot's School in Edinburgh and then became a clerk with the then Edinburgh City Police. After becoming a full police constable, he rose through the ranks and became Chief Constable of the former Lothian and Peebles Police. Following a merger of three police forces on 16 May 1975, John Orr became the first Chief Constable of the newly created Lothian and Borders Police.
Michael M. Gottesman (born October 7, 1946 in Jersey City, New Jersey) is an American biochemist, the Deputy Director (Intramural) of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) in the United States, and also Chief of the Laboratory of Cell Biology at the National Cancer Institute (NCI) within the NIH. He graduated summa cum laude in biochemical sciences in 1966 from Harvard College, and received his M.D. magna cum laude from Harvard Medical School in 1970. He then worked as an intern and resident at the Peter Dent Brigham Hospital in Boston, a research associate at the NIH, and an assistant professor at Harvard before taking a permanent position at the NIH in 1976.
Manuel Fernandez Supervielle (23 September 1894 -- May 5, 1947, Miramar, Havana, Cuba) was a Cuban politician and attorney. He obtained his law degree from the University of Havana.
Fred Young was born in Long Reach, New Brunswick, near the port city of Saint John, in 1907. He attended Teachers College in Fredericton, New Brunswick and taught school in Woodstock, New Brunswick. Later on, he graduated with a Bachelors of Arts Degree from Mount Allison University. He attended the University of Toronto and received both a Master of Arts and a Bachelor Degree in Divinty. He served as a minister in the United Church of Canada, in both Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island from 1934 until 1940.
Milligan attended Coconut Creek High School in Coconut Creek, Florida and was a letterman in football. In football, he was named the team's Defensive M.V.P and was an All-County selection. Hanik Milligan graduated from Coconut Creek High School in 1997.
Fernando Mastrangelo (born 13 October 1978) is a Brooklyn based contemporary artist. He received his M.F.A. in Sculpture from Virginia Commonwealth University in Richmond, VA (2004), his B.F.A. from Cornish College of the Arts in Seattle (2002) and attended the Pilchuck Glass School (2001). Mastrangelo became notable in the press for his use of controversial materials as in the case of ``Felix'', a sculpture made from cocaine and ``La Salvamara'', a series using the cremated ashes from the MS 13 Gang. In 2010, he gave a Ted Talk on the nature of art in the era of social networking, detailing the creative process behind ``Al One'' his collaboration with Napster founder Shawn Fanning.
Brenton Broadstock (born Melbourne, 1952) is an Australian composer. Brenton Broadstock - Australian Composer - was born in Melbourne, Australia. He studied History, Politics and Music at Monash University, and later composition and theory with Donald Freund at the University of Memphis in the USA and with Peter Sculthorpe at the University of Sydney. The University of Melbourne awarded him the Doctor of Music degree in 1987. From 1982 -2006 he was employed in the Faculty of Music, University of Melbourne as Professor of Music and Head of Composition and during 2007 he was a Vice Chancellor's Fellow at the University of Melbourne.
Tommy Benford was the younger brother of tuba player Bill Benford. He studied music at the Jenkins Orphanage located in South Carolina. He went on tour with the school band including traveling to England in 1914.
Kerry Meier was born and raised in Pittsburg, Kansas. He grew up playing many sports including football, basketball, and baseball. Meier attended Pittsburg High School where he was an all-state quarterback, kicker and punter. He was named all-league first team as a quarterback and a punter in both 2003 and 2004. Additionally, he was an all-state selection at quarterback by the Kansas Football Coaches Association as a senior. He was also named to the KFCA's Top 11. He was ranked as the 13th-best high school senior quarterback in the nation by Superprep Magazine. During his senior season, Meier completed 72 of 151 passes for 930 yards and nine touchdowns in 2004. He led the PHS Dragons to the sectional championship as a junior and senior. Meier was coached in football by Merle Clark. Meier graduated in 2005 following a very successful high school career. Rivals.com ranked Meier the best high school player in Kansas and the 14th best dual threat quarterback. Meier committed to play collegiately for Mark Mangino's Kansas Jayhawks.
Ben Mezrich (born 1969) is an American author from Princeton, New Jersey. He graduated magna-cum-laude with a degree in Social Studies from Harvard University in 1991. Some of his books have been written under the pseudonym Holden Scott. Mezrich attended Princeton Day School, in Princeton, New Jersey. He is known for his non-fiction books.
The second son of Thomas Pakenham, 5th Earl of Longford, of the second creation, in the Peerage of Ireland, he was educated at Eton College and New College, Oxford, where, despite having failed to be awarded a scholarship, he graduated with a first-class honours degree in Philosophy, Politics, and Economics. He became a don at Christ Church. At Oxford he met his future wife, Elizabeth Harman, an undergraduate at Lady Margaret Hall.
Whitney Port attended Warner Avenue Elementary School. She then went to Crossroads School for the Arts and Sciences for middle school and high school. In 2007, Port graduated from the University of Southern California (USC) with a degree in gender studies.
Greg Hunter (born 1965) is a British composer and sound engineer. He attended Goldsmiths, University of London. He is known for his work with The Orb and with producer Youth in their collaboration to form Dub Trees, and as a composer of electronic / world music. His work with Youth includes the remix and production on Suns of Arqa's album 'Jaggernaut Whirling Dub' released in 1992.
Rhodes was born in Council Grove, Kansas. He met Calvin Coolidge when he was eleven years old, and after shaking hands with the President, reportedly refused to wash his hand for a week. He attended public schools, and in 1938 graduated from Kansas State University in Manhattan, Kansas, where he also earned his Army Reserve commission in the Reserve Officers Training Corps (ROTC). In 1941, he graduated from Harvard Law School in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and was called to active duty with the United States Army Air Corps and United States Army Air Forces. He served at Williams Field, Arizona from 1941 -- 1946. After the war, he chose to settle in Arizona with his wife, Elizabeth Harvey, whom he had married in 1942. From 1947 to 1952 he was the staff judge advocate of the Arizona National Guard, and from 1951 to 1952 he served as vice chairman of the Arizona Board of Public Welfare.
Teri Greeves was born on the Wind River Reservation in Wyoming in 1970. Her mother, Jeri Ah-be-hill, owned a trading post on the reservation, while Greeves was growing up. ``By repeating to customers what I heard her saying when she was selling to and educating the public,'' Teri says, ``I unknowingly gained a broad knowledge of different beadwork from tribes around the US.'' Greeves took up beadwork at the age of eight. Although she is primarily self-taught, she also received instruction from Zeedora Enos (Shoshone) and Calvin Magpie (Cheyenne). Greeves attended the University of California, Santa Cruz, where she earned her Bachelor of Arts degree in American Studies in 1995. She has also studied at St. John's College in 1988 and Cabrillo College in 1993.
Justice Richard N. Palmer is an Associate Justice on the Connecticut Supreme Court. He was born on May 27, 1950 in Hartford, CT. He received his Bachelor of Arts Phi Beta Kappa, from Trinity College in Hartford in 1972. He went on to receive the Juris Doctor with high honors from the University of Connecticut School of Law, in 1977.
William Keith Brooks, LL.D., Ph.D. (1848-1908) was an American zoologist, born in Cleveland, Ohio, March 25, 1848. He was educated at Williams College and at Harvard (Ph.D., 1875). He was employed at Johns Hopkins University from 1876 onward. He trained many of the prominent embryologists of the country.
Anatoly Mikhailov () (born 14 September 1936) was a Soviet athlete who competed mainly in the 110 metre hurdles. He trained in Leningrad at Zenit and later at VSS Trud.
Teodor Moraru was born in Indaraptnici, Bessarabia. He graduated in 1963 from the Technical School of Architecture, and in 1968 from the University of Bucharest, Faculty of Arts.
William McLaren (1923--1987) was born in Ferniegair, Hamilton, but grew up in Cardenden, Fife, Scotland with a crippling handicap that affected his feet. He attended Beath High School, Cowdenbeath, before going to college in Edinburgh. In 1944 he earned his Diploma and the Highly Commended Post Diploma from Edinburgh College of Art. After graduation and with a bursary from the Andrew Grant Fund he left Scotland and visited Italy and France. Throughout his life he remained a francophile and was fluent in French.
Teresa Clarke -- Chairman and CEO, Africa.com, and former Managing Director, Investment Banking Division Goldman Sachs. Ms. Clarke also served on the Board of the Student Sponsorship Partnership in New York for several years and chaired the New Sponsorship Recruitment Committee. She currently is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, a board member of Southern Africa Legal Services (Legal Resources Centre), and a board member of the Tony Elumelu Foundation in Nigeria, and a board member of the Opportunity Agenda in New York. Ms. Clarke holds a BA in Economics cum laude from Harvard College, an MBA from Harvard Business School and a JD from Harvard Law School.
Marshall Moore (born in June 1970), in Havelock, North Carolina, is an American author living in Hong Kong. He attended the North Carolina School of Science and Mathematics (NCSSM) and went on to obtain a BA in psychology from East Carolina University and an MA in applied linguistics from the University of New England. He has also studied at Gallaudet University. He has lived in Washington DC, Oakland, Portland, Seattle, and Seoul. Fluent in American Sign Language, he worked for many years as an interpreter before moving abroad.
Rui Penha has received his first musical education at the age of six, studying piano and harpsichord. In 2006, he graduated in Music Education and Composition from the University of Aveiro, where he studied under Sara Carvalho and João Pedro Oliveira. He has also studied with Emmanuel Nunes, Pedro Amaral, Brian Ferneyhough, Helmut Lachenmann, Louis Andriessen, Martijn Padding, Flo Menezes and Mary Finsterer, among others, participating actively in several Workshops and Master Classes. In 2007, he began his doctoral research under João Pedro Oliveira, with a scholarship from the University of Aveiro.
Yahaya Ahmad was born on 11 August 1947 in Marang near Kuala Terengganu, Terengganu, Malaysia. He received his education from Malay College Kuala Kangsar in Kuala Kangsar, Perak. Tan Sri Yahaya Ahmad was married with Puan Sri Rohana Othman on 17 January 1978 and have four children.
David Jones (born 3 July 1962 in Harrow, England) is a retired English footballer who played as a striker. Throughout his career, he played for Bury, Leyton Orient, Burnley, Doncaster Rovers and Hull City. He also briefly attended Pinner Sixth Form College Pinner County Grammar School.
Ryszard Tomczyk graduated from the University of Szczecin in 1983. Having received his doctorate, he was appointed associate professor at that university. In 2008, he defended his habilitation thesis at the Rzeszów University, and now he is a professor extraordinarius at the universities of Szczecin and of Rzeszów. He focuses on Ukrainian history, international relations in the Baltic states, and local government. During the period of 2002-2003 Ryszard Tomczyk was an alderman of West Pomeranian Voivodeship.
Marisa Canales (born December 11, 1959) is a Mexican flute player. She was born in Mexico City where she started her musical studies; she later attended the University of the Arts in Philadelphia, then Philadelphia College of Performing Arts (PCPA), where she studied with Adeline Tomasone (Philadelphia Opera and Philadelphia Orchestra), and was awarded a Bachelor's Degree Magna Cum Laude (1985).
As a child, Thompson was home-schooled at the Lindisfarne Association, a thinktank and retreat founded by his father, William Irwin Thompson. In 1977, Thompson met Chilean phenomenologist Francisco Varela when Varela attended a Lindisfarne conference which was organized by Thompson and Gregory Bateson. Thompson received a Ph.D. in Philosophy from the University of Toronto in 1990 and an A.B. in Asian Studies from Amherst College in 1983.
Trimble was born in Culpeper County, Virginia, to John and Rachel Ridgeway Trimble. His family moved to Kentucky shortly thereafter and he was nominated by his uncle, David Trimble, a Kentucky congressman, to attend the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York, from which he graduated in 1822, 17th in a class of 42. Although he excelled academically in engineering, he was commissioned as a brevet second lieutenant of artillery. He served for ten years as a lieutenant in the 3rd and 1st U.S. Artillery regiments, but left the U.S. Army in May 1832, along with five of his West Point classmates, to pursue the emerging business of railroad construction.
Nial Fennelly (born 3 May 1942) has served as a judge of the Supreme Court of Ireland since 2000 and was an Advocate General of the European Court of Justice from 1995 to 2000. He was educated at Clongowes Wood College, took a degree in economics at University College Dublin and completed his Bar studies at King's Inns. He was a Barrister-at-Law from 1964 to 1995; when he was appointed as a senior counsel he based himself full time in Dublin but when a junior barrister he worked both there and on the South Eastern circuit. Fennelly was Chairman of the Bar Council of Ireland shortly before his appointment as Advocate General. Fennelly is president of the Irish Society for European Law.
Sargent was born on November 1, 1842 in Hastings, England. He later changed the Ebenezer to Edward. In the 1860s he emigrated to New York. He attended Cooper Union College. He worked as a delineator for Frederick Law Olmsted in the designs for Central Park. He made the plans for the 9th Armory, constructed the country home Lindenhurst for John Wanamaker at Philadelphia, he was the architect for four public schools and 800 private houses. He designed many 19th century office buildings, hospitals, schools and residences. He received favourable comments in England for his acting abilities before migrating to the USA in 1866/7. His fondness for acting was carried into his home at Fiedler's Park, Staten Island, NY where he built a small stage for the benefit of his children. Married Mary Doubleday niece of Abner Doubleday. He had 4 daughters and one son. One daughter Alice Sargent Johnson became an artist.
Ram Caspi (b. Israel, 1939), is a prominent Israeli attorney. He received his LL.M (cum laude) from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem (1962), and was admitted to the Israel Bar in 1964.
Alfonso Ortiz Tirado was an opera singer and doctor born in Álamos, Sonora, Mexico in 1893. His musical talent was apparent early in life, but he studied at the Escuela Nacional Preparatoria and university to become a doctor. He specialized in gynecology as well as general medicine, and eventually became the personal physician of Frida Kahlo and performed surgery on Agustín Lara. As a musician, he studied under José Pierson and soon afterward had a successful international career as an opera singer due to his sweet and velvety voice, earning the label of ``tenor of the Americas.'' He was often cast for productions of Elixir de amor and Madame Butterfly. He earned a large sum of money doing this, and decided to use it to establish a children's hospital in Mexico City. Ortiz died in 1960, and he was laid to rest at the Panteón Frances de la Piedad. He is remembered in the state of Sonora through the Festival de Canto Operístico Tirado, which was named after him.
G. Kim Wincup was educated at DePauw University, receiving a B.A. in Political Science in 1966. He then attended the University of Illinois College of Law, receiving a J.D. in 1969.
Andreas Musalus was born to a noble Greek family in 1665, in Candia on the island of Crete. His family were originally from Constantinople and his father was a doctor by profession. Due to the Ottoman conquest of Crete the family migrated to Venice when Andreas was an infant. Andreas began studying in his adolescence, he ultimately studied law and mathematics at the University of Padua. Whilst in Padua Musalus studied the rhetoric of Pietro Paolo Calore and learned mathematics from Filippo Vernade, the Lieutenant General of Artillery of the Republic of Venice. Vernade taught Musalus mathematics of military architecture. Musalus continued his studies and made such immense progress in mathematics that in 1697 at the age of thirty two years, he was assigned to teach Mathematics in Venice. He married in the year 1707, he died in 1721, in the region of Venice.
Agnes Bushell (born 25 March 1949) is an American fiction writer and teacher. She has published steadily since her work first appeared in print in the mid-1970s. She is the author of ten novels, and innumerable essays and book reviews most of which have appeared in Maine newspapers and publications, including Down East Magazine. She has taught literature and writing at Maine College of Art, the San Francisco Art Institute, and the University of Southern Maine, and lives in Portland, Maine with her husband, James Bushell, a criminal defense lawyer.
Born at Leeds, Yorkshire, Baines was the eldest son of Edward Baines, a noted journalist and minor politician, by Charlotte, daughter of Matthew Talbot. Sir Edward Baines was his younger brother. He was educated at Richmond School and Trinity College, Cambridge, where he graduated in 1820.
His artwork revealed the strong influence of artist Norman Lindsay, in addition to Franklin Booth, Joseph Clement Coll and J. Allen St. John. In 1963, Krenkel won the Hugo Award for Best Professional Artist. Before serving in World War II he studied with George Bridgman at the Art Students League of New York. After WWII, he attended Burne Hogarth's classes at the Cartoonists and Illustrators School, which became the School of Visual Arts. There he met a group of young cartoonists, including Joe Orlando, Frank Frazetta and Al Williamson. Frazetta noted, ``I met Roy Krenkel back in 1949 or 1950, and he has never ceased to be a constant source of inspiration to me -- a truly conscientious artist who will not tolerate incompetence.''
Micah Boyd (b. April 6, 1982) is a male crew rower who qualified for the prestigious eight-man rowing competition of the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, competing for the United States. Boyd graduated from Saint Paul Central High School and trained at the Minnesota Boat Club; he wears a distinctive Minnesota Twins cap during some races and graduated from the University of Wisconsin in Natural Resources. The 6'3`` twin is a two-time national team member who won the pair at the first 2008 National Selection Regatta and now lives in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He also won a bronze medal at the 2005 World Rowing Championships. Micah rowed for the University of Wisconsin from Fall of 2000 to Spring of 2004. From 2004 to 2005 Micah served as the Freshman Assistant Coach, reporting to Freshman Coach Eric Mueller. During this time Micah competed in the annual Mantathalon, a grueling three event race designed to push athletes to their limits and beyond.
Ranveer Singh (; born Ranveer Singh Bhavnani on 6 July 1985) is an Indian actor working in the Hindi film industry. Born in Mumbai, India, Singh had always wanted to be an actor since his childhood. However, during his college days he felt that the idea of acting was far-fetched and focused on creative writing. While pursuing his Bachelor of Arts degree from Indiana University, Bloomington, Singh again became interested in acting and after coming back to India, he started auditioning for lead roles in the Hindi film industry.
Jonathan Lash received an A.B. from Harvard College and a law degree and master's degrees from The Catholic University of America.
Founded in 1955, the Institutes for The Achievement of Human Potential (IAHP, also known as ``The Institutes'') is located in Wyndmoor, Pa., a suburb of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The founder, Glenn Doman (a physical therapist), together with Carl Delacato (an educational psychologist), developed an approach to treating children with brain injury, published in 1960 in the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA). Glenn Doman received his degree in Physical Therapy from the University of Pennsylvania in 1940. Their work drew heavily on the ideas of Temple Fay (a neurophysiologist), who was head of the Department of Neurosurgery at Temple University Medical School and president of the Philadelphia Neurological Society. Fay believed that the infant brain evolves (as with evolution of the species) through stages of development similar to a fish, a reptile, a mammal and finally a human. This idea, encapsulated as ``ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny'', also known as the recapitulation theory, is considered obsolete by modern mainstream biologists. The IAHP claim that brain injury at a given level of neurological development prevents further progress. The IAHP states that its therapies are based on the theory of neuroplasticity, or the brain's inherent ability to grow both functionally and anatomically. It claims that traditional medicine has attempted to treat brain injured children by medicating them, and that such medications can have negative side effects. The IAHP claims that due to neuroplasticity, their programs of increased sensory stimulation can actually physically grow the brain and produce improved neurological function in their patients. Another aspect of the IAHP's theories is that a lack of oxygen to the brain is a key cause of many problems in brain-injured children. The IAHP asserts that their program includes techniques that improve this oxygen supply, and that increased oxygen to the brain will help their patients recover.
He attended Robert F. Hall Catholic Secondary School in Caledon East, Ontario. While at the school he formed a close relationship with two drama teachers, Roberto F Ciccotelli and Frank Adriano. David Reale starred in an independent movie directed and written by the two teachers called The Art of Playing Bocce. (Title may vary) The movie is about a man named Johnny (Reale) who tries to become partner in a graphic design business. In an effort to get promoted he enters himself into a Bocce tournament with his father, Pasquale, his grandfather, and his seventeen year old brother, Luch. The movie revolves around typical Italian stereotypes.
James Godfrey MacManaway was born in 1898, the son of the Rt. Rev. James MacManaway, Church of Ireland Bishop of Clogher. He was educated at Campbell College, Belfast, and Trinity College, Dublin.
S John Massoud was born at the Columbia Hospital for Women in December 1964. He is a political activist and anti tax advocate. Massoud graduated from McLean High School in the Class of 1982. Currently Massoud is the Vice-President of Arlington Blue Top Cabs, the 2nd largest taxi fleet in Virginia. Also Massoud is a contributor to the American Thinker, a conservative news magazine and often writes about US and former Soviet satellite state relations. He is also a member of the Sons of the American Revolution for his descendant 18th century New Jersey Militia man John Stark. Massoud is also a Reverend.
Maria Mavroudi (born 1967) is a history professor at University of California, Berkeley. Fluent in classical Greek and Arabic, she also understands Coptic, Latin, and Syriac, and speaks modern Greek and English fluently. She formerly taught at Princeton University.
Elizabeth Letts was born on June 23, 1961, in Houston, Texas. She grew up in Southern California. As a teenager, she was a competitive equestrian three-day eventer. She attended Northfield Mount Hermon School and Yale College where she majored in History. She served in the Peace Corps in Morocco.
Domingo Alaba Obende was born in Igarra in the Akoko-Edo Local Government Area of Edo State Nigeria on 5 December 1954. He obtained a Bachelor of Public Administration degree from the University of Benin, a Postgraduate Diploma in Business and Management and an MBA in Public Services from the University of East London in the United Kingdom. Official positions include an appointment as Justice of the peace by the Edo state government, Chairman of the Nigeria-Serbia Chamber of Commerce and President of the Institute of Corporate Affairs Management Nigeria. Obende was appointed chairman of the Board of Directors of the Edo State Urban Water Board, and became Executive Chairman of a number of companies in Nigeria and the United Kingdom.
Maura Stanton was born to Joseph Stanton, a salesman, and Wanda Haggard Stanton, a nurse, in Evanston, Illinois. She received her B.A. from the University of Minnesota in 1969, and her M.F.A. in 1971 from the University of Iowa.
Josh Routh is a nationally recognised American circus performer, and a founding member of both the comedic troop Brothers Kaputnik and Circus Kaput. Josh trained at the Circus Center in San Francisco, California and attended the Clown Conservatory where he graduated ``Class Clown''. The Conservatory is where Josh found his alter ego ``Tchotchke Kaputnik''. As Tchotchke, Josh has performed with The New Pickle Circus (formerly the Pickle Family Circus, The San Francisco Youth Circus, The Much Ado Shakespeare Circus and Velocity Circus.
In 1991 Hellmuth Stachel was elected a corresponding member of the Austrian Academy of Sciences. In 1993 he received the ``German-Austrian University-Software Award'' for the development of educational Cad-3D programs. In 2004 he received The Steve M. Slaby Award. On November, 1st 2010 Hellmuth Stachel received a honorary doctorate from the Dresden University of Technology.
Pataki born in Youngstown, Ohio. He attended the University of Southern California with a double major in Political Science and Drama. His career was launched at a summer stock festival in Edinburgh in 1966, with a review that read, ``Michael Pataki went beyond the bounds of mere nationality in his tense and moving interpretation of ''Jerry`` in Zoo Story. Pataki was so well loved that at a reception for the theatre group acclaimed English actor Laurence Harvey, whom Pataki had never met, said he was magnificent and gave him a kiss on the mouth.
Charles Cushing, a native Californian, studied at the University of California, Berkeley. Ecouraged by visiting French Composer Charles Koechlin during the summers of 1928 and 1929, he received his Bachelor's degree in 1928 and Master's in 1929. He won the George Ladd Prix de Paris prize, allowing him to study with Nadia Boulanger at the École Normale de Musique in Paris for two years.
Pekka Kuusisto began studying the violin at the age of three. His first violin teacher was Geza Szilvay at the East Helsinki Music Institute. In 1983 he enrolled in the Sibelius Academy in Helsinki. He began to study there with Tuomas Haapanen in 1985. He studied with Miriam Fried and Paul Biss at the Indiana University School of Music from 1992 to 1996.
Wally James Williams, Jr. (born February 20, 1971 in Tallahassee, Florida). During his tenure as a professional athlete with the Cleveland Browns, Baltimore Ravens, and New Orleans Saints, Williams was able to excel as an undrafted free-agent out of Florida A&M University. Williams attended James S. Rickards High School where he was a three sport athlete playing baseball, football, and on the weightlifting team.
He was the eldest son of Daniel Falkiner, grandson of Daniel Falkiner, and his wife Dorothy Faure, daughter of Henry Faure. Falkiner was educated at Trinity College, Dublin and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts. In 1804, he raised the 100th Regiment of Foot, and one year later, after the authorisation of King George III of the United Kingdom and the integration into the British Army, he became its colonel.
Michael Halleran (born 1963) is an American scholar who writes on Freemasonry. A practicing attorney in Kansas, he received a master's degree in American History from the University of Kansas in 1989 and his juris doctorate from Washburn University, in Topeka, Kansas in 1995. He is a practicing Freemason, an officer in the Grand Lodge of Kansas, and a member of Quatuor Coronati Lodge No. 2076, Correspondent's Circle (United Grand Lodge of England).
Bishop Alonso Manso (1460 -- September 27, 1539) was a Spanish bishop born in Becerril de Campos, Spain. He studied theology at the University of Salamanca. He became the canon of Salamanca and the chaplain of the prince Don Juan. On November 15, 1504 he was appointed bishop of Magua, Dominican Republic. On August 8, 1511, Pope Julius II created three dioceses in the New World, two in Hipaniola (Santo Domingo and Concepción de la Vega) and one in Porto Rico''sic'' (San Juan), and Manso was appointed bishop of the diocese of Porto Ricosic. Before even arriving to Puerto Rico on September 26, 1512, he founded the first school of advanced studies. On 1513, he became the first bishop to arrive in the New World. In 1519, at the request of Bishop Manso the diocese of Puerto Rico was expanded to cover all the Leeward Islands. That same year he was appointed as the first Inquisitor General of the Indies and two years later he directed the construction of the Cathedral of San Juan. However, the cathedral would be completely destroyed by a hurricane in 1539, shortly after his death.
Travis James Peterson (born May 18, 1985, in Glendale, Arizona) is an American professional international basketball player. The 6 foot 10 inch and 225 lbs. center/power forward is a former NCAA Division 1 collegiate athlete. He played five seasons (2003--2008) at Samford University under head coach, Jimmy Tillette, mostly playing the center position. He graduated from Samford in 2008. He attended Mountain Ridge High School in Glendale, Arizona which is where he was born and raised. He currently plays professionally for the Eurochallenge League contenders, BK Prostejov located in the Czech Republic.
Originally from Tucuman, Argentina, Manuel Saez studied architecture at Argentina's Universidad Nacional de Tucuman. He graduated with Honors from the University of Bridgeport with a B.S. in Industrial Design, as well as a Masters in Technology Management. Manuel also holds an Executive Certificate in Strategy and Innovation from M.I.T.
Andrews was born in Belfast, Ireland where his father was a linen merchant. He attended the Belfast Academy and the Royal Belfast Academical Institution, where at the latter of which he studied mathematics under James Thomson. In 1828 he went to the University of Glasgow to study chemistry under Professor Thomas Thomson, then studied at Trinity College, Dublin, where he gained distinction in classics as well as in science. Finally, at University of Edinburgh in 1835 he was awarded a doctorate in medicine.
James Crotty received his Ph.D. from Carnegie Mellon University in 1973, and after teaching at the University at Buffalo, The State University of New York for a while joined the Economics Department of the University of Massachusetts Amherst, Amherst. Recently, Crotty has focused on the political economy of Korea and continues his research on the structure and performance of the global neoliberal economy, the impact of neoliberal globalization on developed and developing economies.
Members of the Wink Westerners -- Roy Orbison, Richard Roy ``Head'' West (piano), and Billy Pat ``Spider'' Ellis (drummer) -- graduated from Wink High School in June 1954. Orbison, Ellis, and Joe Ray Hammer enrolled at the University of North Texas in the Fall of 1954. Fellow North Texas classmates included Pat Boone, Dick Penner, and Wade Moore. Orbison, Ellis, Hammer, Penner, and Moore were in the same fraternity -- Lambda Chi.
George R. Throop () was born in Boydsville, Tennessee, in 1882. He received his undergraduate and master's degrees from DePauw University in Indiana and his doctorate from Cornell University. He was a distinguished student of the classics and began his academic career at Illinois College in Jacksonville before joining the faculty at Washington University in St. Louis as an instructor in Latin and Greek in 1907. Ten years later he was named Collier Professor of Greek and, after briefly resigning in 1918 to become assistant librarian of the St. Louis Public Library, he returned as assistant to the chancellor in 1921, serving both Chancellors Frederic Hall and Herbert Hadley.
Gloria Idahota Williams is an award-winning British actress and playwright of Nigerian descent. Williams trained at Rose Bruford College and won a scholarship to train at the New York Conservatory of Dramatic Arts in Manhattan. Whilst studying in New York she did a voiceover for the United Nations HIV/AIDS in Africa campaign alongside Phylicia Rashād and Wyclef Jean which was won the Red Ribbon Award.
Jeffrey Anderson is an American anthropologist who specializes in Arapaho language and culture. He received his Ph.D. from the University of Chicago, where he studied under Raymond D. Fogelson.
Richard Attree is a British TV and Film composer. He attended Highgate School, and then studied electronic music at the Royal College of Music following a degree in computer science. Whilst completing these studies he played as a keyboard player with various bands. He also worked as a freelance composer, producing music for dance and theatre productions at the London Contemporary Dance Theatre and Royal National Theatre. In 1987, he became the last composer to be recruited at the BBC Radiophonic Workshop, where he remained until the department's closure. During his time at the BBC, he received two Sony Awards, in 1986 and 1989, for ``the Most Creative Use of Radio''. Following his departure from the BBC, he returned to freelance work.
Doug Miro (born January 20, 1972) is an American screenwriter based in Los Angeles. Miro studied screenwriting at the USC School of Cinematic Arts and graduated with a degree in English from Stanford University.
Edmund Gibbons was born in White Plains, New York, to James and Joanna (née Ray) Gibbons, who were Irish immigrants. His father was a laborer who helped build the New York State Capitol. After graduating from Niagara University in 1887, he studied at the Pontifical North American College in Rome from 1887 to 1893. He was ordained to the priesthood on May 27, 1893. He then served as secretary to Bishop Stephen V. Ryan (1893-1896), superintendent of Catholic schools in the Buffalo Diocese (1900-1916), and pastor of St. Vincent's Church in Attica (1904-1915). He was pastor of St. Teresa's Church in Buffalo from 1916 to 1919.
Plowden was the son of William Plowden FRS MP of Ewhurst Park and his wife Jane Annette Campbell, daughter of Edward Campbell. He was educated at Harrow School and Haileybury College. He was in the Bengal Civil Service as Census Commissioner for India and Secretary of the Board of Revenue of the North West Provinces. He was also a member of the Legislative Council in Calcutta. In 1886 he was knighted as KCSI.
Bidisha is an only child, her parents are both lecturers in information technology who emigrated from India in 1972. She was educated at the private school Haberdashers' Aske's School for Girls and speaks English and Bengali. She studied Old and Middle English at St Edmund Hall, University of Oxford and gained an MSc in Moral and Political Philosophy and Economic History at the London School of Economics.
Theodora Dimova (born 19 September 1960, Sofia, Bulgaria) is a Bulgarian writer and playwright. She graduated in English Language Studies from the Sofia University ``St. Kliment Ohridski'' and has studied at the Royal Court Theatre in London. She has won many literary awards. Theodora Dimova is daughter of the famous Bulgarian writer Dimitar Dimov.
Shelton Dube (born 3 August 1990 in Bulawayo, Zimbabwe) is an English rugby league player with Halifax. He attended Wortley High School and currently lives in Leeds. Shelton began his career on Halifax's scholarship programme but turned professional with Huddersfield Giants. After rejecting a contract from the Giants, Had a spell on a pay-as-you-play deal at Castleford Tigers, the club he left to join Halifax in the 2006 season. He has since established himself as a first team regular at The Shay. Shelton plays as a hooker. He scored 7 tries in 14 appearances in his first season with Halifax, and 12 tries from 13 appearances this term.
Subhuti Dharmananda is an herbalist and acupuncturist who founded the Institute for Traditional Medicine and Preventive Health Care, Inc. (ITM), which operates two clinics in Portland, Oregon and engages in a variety of educational and charitable projects related to traditional medicine. Dharmananda has traveled to China several times, between 1977, when travel became possible, and 2001 in the interests of studying traditional Chinese medicine. He received his PhD in Biology from the University of California in 1980. He taught in Santa Cruz, at the Platonic School of Herbal Studies founded by Dr. Paul Lee with noted herbal faculty members Michael Tierra, Christopher Hobbs, and Grace Marroquin. before moving to Portland, Oregon. He has exerted a significant influence upon the practice of Oriental Medicine through his monographs, clinical studies and training programs.
Ghali Umar Na'Abba was born in Tudun Wada, Kano, in 1954. He studied Political Science at Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria, and was later elected secretary of the ABU chapter of the People's Redemption Party. He became a director of the Umaru Na’abba Commercial Trading company.
The practice area at Hanover Country Club consists of a short game practice area with green and greenside bunker, four practice holes, and a driving range, the last of which is only opened rarely due to an embedded creek that floods during the rainy months of the summer. The practice area is open to all members, wait-list golfers, students of Dartmouth College, and members of the Hanover High School golf team. The four practice holes are remnants of a nine-hole course designed and constructed in 1932 by Ralph Barton, a Dartmouth graduate.
Richard Taub was born in Brooklyn, New York in 1937. He completed his undergraduate degree at the University of Michigan where he also served as editor-in-chief of the Michigan Daily newspaper. After earning his BA in English Literature with Distinction and Honors in 1959, he moved on to Harvard University's Department of Social Relations where he received his MA in 1962 and his PhD in 1966, both in Sociology. During his time at Harvard he spent five years studying bureaucracy in India under the guidance of sociologist Alex Inkeles and Anthropologist Cora DuBois and with the support of Fulbright and the American Institute for Indian Studies. After completing his PhD, Taub was an Assistant Professor of Sociology at Brown University from 1965-1969. He has been on the faculty of the University of Chicago since 1969, where he has served as Assistant Professor of Sociology, Associate Professor of Social Sciences, Director of the Program for Urban Neighborhoods, Associate Dean of The College, Chair and Co-Chairman of the Undergraduate Program in Public Policy Studies at The College, Chairman of the Department of Comparative Human Development, the Paul Klapper Professor in the Social Sciences, and Professor in the Department of Comparative Human Development, Department of Sociology and The College. While living in Chicago he has served on many local boards, as President of the Hyde Park Kenwood Community Development Association, as Chairman of the St. Thomas the Apostle School Board, and as a board member of the Seminary Cooperative Bookstore.
Heidi Neumark (born March 9, 1954) is the author of the book Breathing Space: A Spiritual Journey in the South Bronx (Beacon Press). She grew up in Summit, New Jersey and now lives on the Upper West Side with her husband Gregorio Orellano of Manhattan, and has two children, Ana and Hans. Rev. Neumark received her undergraduate degree from Brown University and completed her Master of Divinity at the Lutheran Theological Seminary at Philadelphia.
Eric Guggenheim (born c. 1974) graduated from NYU's Tisch School of the Arts in 1995. Two years later he sold a script, Trim, to Fox 2000 at age 23. Following that, he wrote an unproduced drama for Warner Bros. and a one hour drama pilot for USA Network. In 2004, Guggenheim wrote the feature film Miracle. Guggenheim is currently a writer on the NBC series Parenthood. His brother is television scriptwriter Marc Guggenheim.
The son of retired Marine Brigadier General Henry Clay Cochrane (1842--1913), Edward Lull Cochrane was born at Mare Island, California in 1892. He entered the United States Naval Academy in 1910 and was commissioned as a Navy ensign upon graduation in 1914. During World War I, he served at Philadelphia Naval Shipyard and transferred to the Navy's Construction Corps. He graduated in 1920 from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), with a Master of Science degree in Naval Architecture.
Arthur James Grant was the son of Samuel Grant. He was educated at Boston Grammar School and King's College, Cambridge where he graduated BA in Classics in 1884. He became a University Extension lecturer. From 1897 to 1927 he was Professor of History at Leeds University. In 1901 he married Edith Radford. From 1930 to 1932 he was Professor of Modern History at the University of Egypt, Cairo.
Roger Branigin was born on July 26, 1902 in Franklin, Indiana, the third of the four sons of Elba and Zula Branigin, schoolteachers. Branigin attended local public schools, graduating from high school in 1919. He then attended nearby Franklin College where he majored in Spanish, French, and history, and was also involved in the school's drama club. He graduated in 1923. He then enrolled in Harvard Law School where he graduated with a law degree in 1926. After returning to Indiana he took a job with the Franklin County prosecutor helping out on cases for three years. He married fellow Franklin College graduate Josephine Mardis on November 2, 1929; the couple had two sons, Roger Jr. and Robert.
Tia Walker was born into an Air Force family. Her parents met in Germany, but returned to her mother's hometown of Norfolk, Virginia, several months prior to her birth. Walker spent her childhood years in numerous military towns, until her parents divorced in 1979, at which time she moved with her mother to a predominantly Jewish section of suburban Long Island. She attended Long Island's East Meadow High School, and attained her bachelor's degree in History with a minor in Art History at Pace University in New York City.
Afterward Xi Xi attended her secondary school classes at Heep Yunn School, where she had lessons instructed in Cantonese; she started her English-instructed lessons from Form 4. In the early life in Hong Kong, Xi Xi was living in poverty, and she had to worry about her expenses on textbook and school uniform, and fees on Home Economics lessons to boot at all times. As a junior secondary student, she had begun to write to the local newspapers and magazines.
Trish Doan (born May 9, 1985 in Gwangju, South Korea) is the former bassist of the all-woman band Kittie. She joined in August 2005 along with Tara McLeod. Doan is a niece of Sudbury, Ontario MPP Rick Bartolucci. In addition to bass, she has also played guitar since the age of 13. She has several body modifications: Piercings include a 14g tongue stud, two 16g lip rings, 18g nose stud, 18g nose ring, 00g stretched ears, 2x 12g ear lobes, 4x 16g lobes, and 14g helix, and several tattoos, including one on her left wrist of a formation of the symbol Gwangju, the city in which she was born. In 2006, Doan graduated from Sheridan College, earning a diploma in Media Arts: Film and Television Production.
Born in Seattle to Norwegian and Italian immigrants, Bassetti grew up south of Seattle and spent several years with his paternal family in Turin, Italy. After graduating from Seattle's Garfield High School he studied engineering for a year before switching to architecture, earning a Bachelor of Architecture from the University of Washington in 1942. During World War II, he worked as a draftsman with the Federal Public Housing Authority and with Seattle architect Paul Thiry. After the war he studied at the Harvard Graduate School of Design under Walter Gropius and Marcel Breuer, was in the same class as I.M. Pei, and graduated with a Masters of Architecture in 1946.
For the American basketball player, see Francis Mahoney. Francis Sylvester Mahony (31 December 1804--18 May 1866), also known by the pen name Father Prout, was an Irish humorist. He was born in Cork, Ireland, to Martin Mahony and Mary Reynolds. He was educated at the Jesuit Clongowes Wood College, Kildare, and later in Saint Acheul, a similar school in Amiens, France and then at Rue de Sèvres, Paris, and later in Rome. He began teaching at the Jesuit school of Clongowes as master of rhetoric, but was soon after expelled from the order. He then came to London, and became a leading contributor to Fraser's Magazine, under the signature of ``Father Prout.'' Mahony at one point was director of this magazine.
As a kid, Sha Stimuli often followed in the footsteps of his older brother, Lord Digga, learning various things about the music business. As a producer on the Notorious B.I.G's album Ready To Die, Digga often took his little brother to recording sessions at the studio, which later on influenced him to become a rapper. At only 14 years old, Stimuli, as Kid Dynamite, appeared on Masta Ace's album SlaughtaHouse. Before continuing with music though, Stimuli focused on his other love, basketball playing at Brooklyn Technical High School http://www.bthsalumni.org/document.doc?id=29, heading to Iowa to play NCAA Division 1. In 1997, he studied at the Delaware State University while interning at Roc-A-Fella Records, bringing him closer to his true passion: music.
James Logan Jones Jr. was born in Kansas City, Missouri. He is the son of James L. Jones, Sr., a decorated Marine in World War II who was an officer in the Observer Group and the commanding officer of its successor, the Amphibious Reconnaissance Battalion. Having spent his formative years in France, where he attended the American School of Paris, he returned to the United States to attend the Georgetown University Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service, from which he received a Bachelor of Science degree in 1966. Jones, who is six feet four inches (1.93 m) tall, played forward on the Georgetown Hoyas men's basketball team.
Peter Ricq (born February 24, 1981, in Montreal, Quebec) is the co-creator of the animated television series League of Super Evil (L.O.S.E.). He also participated in the animated television series Storm Hawks as a junior designer. His last animated short film (Glitch) was awarded with nine best animation awards and one jury prize. He studied at Concordia University (Montreal, Quebec) in Film Animation.
Jeremy Ten (born February 21, 1989 in Burnaby, British Columbia) is a Canadian figure skater. He attended Magee Secondary School in Vancouver, British Columbia. He is the 2009 Canadian bronze medalist and 2007 junior national champion. He trains at the BC Centre of Excellence.
Marilyn Stowe (born 1957) is an English solicitor. She has been described by The Times as ``one of the most formidable and sought-after divorce lawyers in the UK'', and described as ``one of the country's leading divorce lawyers''. She is also known for unearthing the medical evidence that freed Sally Clark, the victim of a famous British miscarriage of justice. She was educated at Leeds Girls' High School and the University of Leeds, and is a senior partner in Harrogate law firm Stowe Family Law. Marilyn Stowe is a Fellow of the International Academy of Matrimonial Lawyers (``IAML''), a worldwide association of family lawyers who are recognised by their peers as the most experienced and expert family law specialists in their respective countries.
David Hartley was born in June 1705 in the vicinity of Halifax, Yorkshire. His mother died three months after his birth. His father, an Anglican clergyman, died when David was only fifteen. He was educated at Bradford Grammar School and Jesus College, Cambridge, of which society he became a fellow in 1727. Originally intended for the Church, he was deterred from taking orders by certain scruples as to signing the Thirty-nine Articles, and took up the study of medicine. Nevertheless, he remained a member of the Church of England, and was on intimate terms with the most distinguished churchmen of his day. He considered it his duty to obey ecclesiastical as well as civil authorities. The doctrine to which he most strongly objected was that of eternal punishment.
Aaron Louis Treadwell, Ph.D. (1866-1947) was a college professor of zoology at Vassar. He was born at Redding, Connecticut, and educated at Wesleyan University (B.S., 1888; M.S., 1890) and at the University of Chicago (Ph.D., 1898). He was professor of zoology and geology at Miami University (1891-1900), professor of biology at Vassar (1900-14), and afterwards professor of zoölogy. In addition to his work in the schools, he was instructor at the Marine Biological Laboratory at Woods Hole. Professor Treadwell published The Cytogeny of Podarke obscura (1901). His writings dealt chiefly with annelid systematics and embryonics.
Stapleton was born in Kansas City, Missouri. His grandfather, Benjamin F. Stapleton, was a politician who served five terms as mayor of Denver. He received his secondary school education at Phillips Exeter Academy and a B.A. (magna cum laude) from Harvard University. He received his M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. His wife, Dorothy Walker Stapleton, is a first cousin of former U.S. president George H.W. Bush.
Jack Carroll (born November 9, 1942 in Peterborough, Ontario) is a politician in Ontario, Canada. He was a Progressive Conservative member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1995 to 1999. Carroll was educated at the University of Toronto, and worked as a high school teacher. He also served as an executive of General Motors of Canada Ltd., and owned a car dealership.
Ryan Gobbe (born 1980) is an Australian electronic musician who records under the names Mieli and Twotone. Ryan Gobbe studied Music Production at the Southern Cross University and graduated in 2000.
Moosajee Bhamjee was born in Pietermaritzburg, South Africa in 1947. His father emigrated from India in 1906 and had set up a hardware shop there. He died in 1964 so it was decided that one of the sons would take over the shop while another would go for further education. Moosajee travelled to Dublin in 1965 where he studied medicine at the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland. His two other brothers also travelled to Dublin around the same time to study medicine. After he received his degree, Bhamjee returned to South Africa where he began working as a general practitioner. He returned to Ireland in 1975 and married a girl he first met when studying in Dublin. They moved to Galway and later to Cork where he trained as a psychiatrist. In 1984 Bhamjee started a permanent post at Our Lady's Hospital in Ennis less than 20 miles from his wife's home-place of Cooraclare.
Rae Bridgman was born in Toronto, and now lives in Winnipeg, Manitoba. Bridgman received her Bachelor of Arts degree (Classics) and her Bachelor of Music from the University of Toronto, and her Master's (Interdisciplinary Studies) and PhD (Anthropology) from York University. She holds the position of Professor in the Department of City Planning at the University of Manitoba in the Faculty of Architecture, and is a founding member of BridgmanCollaborative Architecture, a Winnipeg architectural firm. Her work spans children's fantasy novels and scholarly books.
Maxine Allen (died 1995) was an American bowler specializing in duckpin bowling, although when duckpin lanes began disappearing in the 1960s she switched to in ten pins. Born in West Virginia, Allen attended the Woman's College of the University of North Carolina (now known as University of North Carolina at Greensboro) from 1931 until 1935. She began bowling when she was a school teacher in Seaboard, North Carolina.
John Flittie (March 22, 1856 -- January 21, 1913) was a U.S. politician who served as North Dakota's first Secretary of State from 1889 to 1892. He was born in Lesja, Norway, but his family emigrated to North America in 1867, settling in Watonwan County, Minnesota. He was graduated from Mankato Normal School (now Minnesota State University, Mankato) in 1878 and moved to Dakota Territory soon after. He was a member of the Dakota Territorial Council (the upper house of the territorial legislature) in 1885-1886, and won election as a Republican to the newly created office of Secretary of State in 1889. After serving an abbreviated 1-year term, he was re-elected to a full 2-year term in 1890. He did not seek re-election in 1892. He died in Williston, North Dakota.
Walpole is a relative of Sir Robert Walpole, the first British Prime Minister. He descends through Robert Walpole's father Robert Walpole. He was educated at Eton and King's College, Cambridge, where he received a B.A. and an M.A. He served on the County Council of Norfolk for eleven years from 1970 to 1981, then entered the House of Lords upon the death of his father. He is a crossbencher and was elected to continue serving in the Lords after the House of Lords Act 1999 prevented most hereditary peers from sitting in that body without election.
In 1978, Tech Tower and the surrounding of the original campus were added to the National Register of Historic Places as the Georgia Institute of Technology Historic District. Near the entrance to Tech Tower, a historical marker maintained by the Georgia Historical Society commemorates this listing as well as the early history of the Georgia Tech campus. On May 22, 1998, Tech Tower was officially renamed the Lettie Pate Whitehead Evans Administration Building in a ceremony presided over by Tech president G. Wayne Clough. Although neither she nor her husbands attended Georgia Tech as a student, Lettie Pate Whitehead Evans was a longtime benefactor of the Institute, contributing over $340 million through her philanthropic organization, the Lettie Pate Evans Foundation.
Johnny Zito is a native of Philadelphia PA and graduated from Saint Joseph's Preparatory School in 2000. Afterwards, he attended Temple University obtaining degrees in Film, New Media and Theology.
He was born in Sussex, New Brunswick, the son of Richard Chapman Weldon and Catherine Geldart. He was educated at Mount Allison Wesleyan College and taught school for two years. Weldon returned to Mount Allison, receiving an M.A. in economics. He went on to study at Yale College, where he received a PhD in political science in 1872, and Rupert Charles University in Germany. In 1875, he returned to Mount Allison as professor of mathematics and political economy. In 1877, he married Sarah Maria Tuttle. In 1883, he became professor of law at Dalhousie University and helped establish the law school there. In 1884, he was called to the Nova Scotia bar. In 1887, Weldon, who owned property in New Brunswick, was elected to the House of Commons. Weldon married Louisa Frances Hare in 1893 after the death of his first wife. He helped developed legislation which established conditions for extradition of American fugitives in Canada convicted of crimes in the United States, then referred to as the Weldon Act. Weldon was unsuccessful in bids for reelection in 1896, 1900 and 1906. He died in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia at the age of 76. Dalhousie Law School established the Weldon Award in 1983 to recognize outstanding accomplishment by a graduate.
D. M. Jayaratne was born on June 7, 1931. He was educated at Doluwa Maha Vidyalaya in Gampola, a town just outside Kandy. He was a student at the Faculty of Arts, University of Peradeniya during the mid-1950s. Following the founding of the Sri Lanka Freedom Party in Kandy in 1951 by S. W. R. D. Bandaranaike, Jayaratne worked as a teacher at Doluwa Maha Vidyalaya. He later worked as Postmaster at Doluwa from 1960 to 1962.
Ariel Zuckermann studied orchestral conducting with Jorma Panula at the Royal College of Music, Stockholm. In May 2004 he graduated from Munich's Musikhochschule as conducting student of Bruno Weil and shortly afterwards was appointed Music Director of the Georgian Chamber Orchestra.
Lyman was ordained an elder in the church on August 29, 1891 by Joseph F. Smith. He graduated from high school at Brigham Young Academy (BYA) in Provo, Utah in 1889 with a Normal Certificate, then taught at Brigham Young College in Logan, Utah, and later studied at the University of Michigan. He had planned on marrying Amy Brown, who he met while a student at BYA but delayed this while he attended the University of Michigan. Lyman was a teacher and civil engineer and was known for his work on the Utah State Road Commission. He did graduate studies at Cornell University and the University of Chicago.
Raffy Francisco is a music video director in the Philippines. He has directed close to 50 music videos. He trained as a film and video director at The New York University. He has also directed some 'specialist interest' videos such as Erotic Dancing (by the Viva Hot Babes)http://topdogsmanila.com
James D. Savage is a political science professor at the University of Virginia. He is an expert in government budget policies and budget theory. He completed his undergraduate degrees in political science and psychology at the University of California, Riverside, his graduate degrees in political science, public policy, and economics at the University of California, Berkeley, and his post-doctoral fellowship at Harvard University. At Berkeley, Savage studied under Nelson Polsby and Aaron Wildavsky.
Thisbe Nissen (1972- )http://www.identitytheory.com/people/birnbaum25.html is an American author. Originally from New York City, she lived in Iowa for eleven years. Among her works are Osprey Island, The Good People of New York, and Out of the Girls' Room and into the Night. She has taught a fiction course at least once a year since the inception of the Iowa Young Writers' Workshop, a two-week intensive creative writing workshop ``camp'' for talented high school students, except in 2006. She has also taught at the Iowa Writers' Workshop, Iowa Elderhostel. Nissen is a graduate of Hunter College High School on Manhattan's Upper East Side. She attended Oberlin College, and received her Master of Fine Arts in Fiction from the Iowa Writers' Workshop at the University of Iowa, where she was a James Michener Fellow http://www.land-grantcollegereview.com/author.php/Thisbe+Nissen/21/index/.
Father Jonathan DeFelice, O.S.B. is the President of New England's third oldest Catholic college, Saint Anselm College in Goffstown, New Hampshire. Growing up in Bristol, Rhode Island, he graduated from Portsmouth Abbey School in 1965, and then attended Saint Anselm College, earning a bachelors degree in Philosophy in 1969. Seeking to be a monk, he entered Saint Anselm Abbey as a junior, in 1968, professing his solemn vows as a Benedictine monk in 1973. Thereafter, he studied at St. John's Seminary in Boston, and in 1974 was ordained as a Roman Catholic priest. In 1983, DeFelice received a licentiate in canon law from the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome. DeFelice co-founded the Association of Benedictine Colleges and Universities and has served as a board member of the Association of Catholic Colleges and Universities.
Joubert was born and grew up on his parent's wine farm near Stellenbosch. He attended school at Paul Roos Gymnasium in Stellenbosch. He studied Afrikaans, Dutch, English and Psychology at Stellenbosch University. In his second year he interrupted his studies to work as a deck hand on a sailing ship. After a year he resumed his studies and obtained a BA at Stellenbosch University. Gideon Joubert worked as a reporter at Die Burger. From 1951 he served as officer at the South African Navy, where he played a major role (with many others) to assist in making it become more bilingual. He was one of the founders of the Naval Gymnasium at Saldanha Bay and became later its commanding officer. He founded and chaired the Fleet Language Board. As the founder and chairman of South Africa's first diving school, he also became South Africa's first frogman. After sixteen years of service, he retired with the rank of commander, however he began work again for Die Burger until his second and final retirement.
Vieri Tosatti (born Rome, 1920 - died there, 1999) was an Italian composer. He is best known for his operas, among them Il sistema della dolcezza (1948), after Edgar Allan Poe's ``The System of Doctor Tarr and Professor Fether'', and Partita a pugni (1953), about a boxing match. His output also includes chamber music, as well as some symphonic and choral works. He studied at the Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia under Ildebrando Pizzetti.
Tom Arnold was born (as Thomas Richard Arnold) in London on 25 January 1947. He is the son of Thomas Charles Arnold, a theatrical producer. Young Tom Arnold attended the Bedales School, the Institut Le Rosey, and Pembroke College, Oxford.
Larry Magid (born 1947), also known as Lawrence J. Magid, is an American journalist, technology columnist and commentator. He was born in Brooklyn, New York and raised in Los Angeles. He received his BA from the University of California, Berkeley (1970) and a doctorate of education from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst (1981). Magid is on the board of directors of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children. In 1994 he wrote the first popular publication on Internet safety called Child Safety for the Information Highway for the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children. That was followed in 1998 with Teen Safety on the Information Highway. Both publications have been revised and reprinted many times.
Davis is survived by his wife, Carol, and their only child, Mark, a graduate of California State University, Chico. Raiders chief executive Amy Trask said that the team ``will remain in the Davis family.''
Timothy A Stewart (born 30 September 1952) is a molecular biologist. He graduated from the University of Otago (BScHons, PhD.)
Jacob Tanzer was born in Longview, Washington on February 13, 1935. He attended Grant High School in Portland, Oregon. After high school he attended the University of Oregon in Eugene where he earned a bachelor of arts in 1956. Tanzer then went on to the university's law school, graduating in 1959 with his juris doctorate. That year he passed the Oregon bar. He also attended Stanford University in California and Reed College in Portland, Oregon.
Herman Clarence Nixon was born in 1886. He graduated from Alabama Polytechnic Institute, now known as Auburn University, and the University of Chicago. From 1925 to 1928, he taught at Vanderbilt University. From 1928 to 1938, he taught at Tulane University. He then taught at the University of Missouri, and then again at Vanderbilt to teach Political Science. He contributed to as a Southern Agrarian and was a member of the Social Science Research Council's Southern Regional Committee and the Southern Conference for Human Welfare. He died in 1967.
James Percy FitzPatrick was first educated at Downside School near Bath, England, and later at '''St. Aidan's College''' at Grahamstown, South Africa.
Gordon Gostelow (14 May 1925 -- 3 June 2007) was a New Zealand actor. He was educated in Australia at North Sydney Boys High School and Sydney University where he graduated in Economics.
The son of Mark Hopkins, Henry Hopkins grew up in Williamstown, Massachusetts, and graduated from Williams College in 1858, where he was a member of The Kappa Alpha Society. He studied theology at Union Seminary and was ordained as a minister in 1861.
Adonijah Bidwell was born in Hartford, Connecticut in 1716. The son of Thomas Bidwell, a wealthy merchant involved in the triangular trade, Adonijah had a comfortable childhood. As a young adult, Adonijah Bidwell attended Yale College and graduated in 1740. He was intermittently a teacher, a chaplain for the British and colonial expeditions to Canada and, finally, a full time minister for Township No. 1 in Monterey, Massachusetts.
Jacqueline Jules (born 1956) is an American author and poet. She was born in Petersburg, Virginia. In 1979, she earned a BA from the University of Pittsburgh, and in 2001, she received a M.L.S. from the University of Maryland. Since 1995, she has lived in Northern Virginia, where she has worked as a school librarian, teacher, and writer.
Kerry's mother, Julia Thorne, was an author, who died in 2006 due to transitional cell carcinoma. Her father, John Kerry, is the Senior Senator from Massachusetts in the United States Senate. Her older sister is Alexandra Kerry. After her parents divorced, she moved with her mother to Bozeman, Montana. She attended the high school, Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts.
Chike Aniakor (born 1939) is a Nigerian painter. A native of Abatate, Aniakor received his first artistic training at Ahmadu Bello University, receiving his master's degree in 1974; he received a doctorate in art history from Indiana University in 1978, writing his dissertation on Igbo architecture. He has taught art and art history at the University of Nigeria, Nsukka since 1970, becoming a member of the Nsukka group. More recently, he has been a fellow of the Metropolitan Museum of Art and of Howard University.
Iyaz Akhtar is an internet personality. While he is a graduate of the New York University School of Law, he is better known for hosting podcasts such as TWiT.tv's Tech News Today with Tom Merritt, Sarah Lane, and Jason Howell. Iyaz also appears on This Old Nerd, and Finite Comedy.
Rebecca Hanover (born January 26, 1979) is an American television soap opera writer. She was born in Memphis, Tennessee and attended Stanford University, where she graduated in 2001 with a degree in English/creative writing and drama. In 2007, she won a Daytime Emmy Award for her work on the soap opera, Guiding Light.
Burt Goldberg is a Professor of Chemistry at New York University. Goldberg received his B.S. from Pace University, M.Phil from Mt. Sinai School of Medicine, and Ph.D. from the University of Cardiff.
Cronin was born in Tredegar, Monmouthshire to Scottish doctor and novelist, A. J. Cronin and his wife May Gibson, but moved to London at the age of two. He was educated at Ampleforth College, Harvard University, the Sorbonne, and Trinity College, Oxford, from which he graduated with honours in 1947, earning a degree in ancient history and philosophy. During the Second World War, he served as a lieutenant in the British Army.
Drew Neumann is a musician and composer of film and television scores. He created the soundtrack of the science fiction animated series Æon Flux, and has composed music for many other shows includingCrazy Cars,Fanboy & Chum Chum,The Wild Thornberrys, The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy, and Aaahh!!! Real Monsters. He studied film, animation, and composition at the California Institute of the Arts, where he graduated with a BFA (1982). He has been longtime friends with animator Peter Chung.
Preston Martin graduated from the University of Southern California in 1947 and successfully completed an MBA from the same university. He earned his Ph.D from Indiana University in 1952.
Claudia Luke is a zoologist. She was once the Co-Director of Sweeney Granite Mountains Desert Research Center, Mojave Desert, CA and Adjunct Professor, University of California. She has previously served as preserve director field stations and her career accomplishments include the development of multi-organizational research management collaborations in the areas of coastal prairie conservation, habitat connectivity, environmental sensor networks and wildlife monitoring. She received her Ph. D in zoology from the University of California at Berkeley in 1989.
Zel Fischer, a current Judge on the Missouri Supreme Court is a 1981 graduate of Rock Port High School.
Hsinchun Chen is the McClelland Professor of Management Information Systems at the University of Arizona and the Director and founder of the Artificial Intelligence Lab (AI Lab). He received a B.S. degree from National Chiao Tung University in Taiwan, an MBA from SUNY Buffalo and an M.S. and Ph.D. in Information Systems from New York University.
Carolyn Steinberg graduated from North Texas State University with a Bachelor of Music degree in music theory in 1978. She went on to study composition with Lumila Ulehla at the Manhattan School of Music where she received a masters degree, and with and Bernard Rands at Juilliard where she received a Doctor of Musical Arts in 1989. She also studied in Europe with Franco Donatoni in Siena, Italy, and Brian Ferneyhough and Francis Travis in Germany.
Haig Aram Bosmajian is an author, lecturer, and professor, who received the 1983 Orwell Award for his book The Language of Oppression (1974). Haig Bosmajian received a PhD in 1960 from Stanford University. His work has explored rhetoric and the freedom of speech. Bosmajian has been professor emeritus at the University of Washington, in the Speech/Communications Department, where he has taught since 1965. He is married to Hamida Bosmajian, also a published author and a professor at nearby Seattle University.
``Lisa's Rival'' is the second episode of The Simpsons' sixth season, and originally aired September 11, 1994. It was the first episode to be written by Mike Scully, and was directed by Mark Kirkland. Winona Ryder guest stars as Allison Taylor, a new student at Springfield Elementary School. Lisa Simpson begins to feel threatened by Allison because she is smarter, younger and a better saxophone player than she is. Their rivalry reaches a climax at the school's diorama contest, as Lisa plans to sabotage Allison's entry. The episode's subplot sees Homer steal a large pile of sugar from a crashed truck, and begin selling it door-to-door.
At that time in England, Sir John Bennet Lawes (1814--1900) was experimenting with crops and manures at his farm at Harpenden and was able to produce a practical superphosphate in 1842 from the phosphates in rock and coprolites. Encouraged, he employed Sir Joseph Henry Gilbert, who had studied under Liebig at the University of Giessen, as director of research. To this day, the Rothamsted research station the pair founded still investigates the impact of inorganic and organic fertilizers on crop yields.
Verbal was born in Tokyo in 1975. In 1985, his parents moved to Boston in the United States for work. When at a YMCA summer camp, Verbal was first exposed to hip-hop music, in the form of Run-- D.M.C.'s ``It's Tricky'' when the other children sung the song on the bus for the camp. He was impressed and influenced by the hip-hop culture of New York, and at 14 years old he started writing lyrics in English. His parents moved back to Tokyo, and Verbal attended St. Mary's International School. He met Taku Takahashi there, and the pair formed a rap rock band called N.M.D. in 1992. The band received many offers from major record labels after their live performances, however as Verbal did not see being a rapper as a practical career, he turned down these offers.
In the fall of 1894, he transferred to the University of Chicago. He received his bachelor's degree from the University of Chicago in 1896 and remained there for a year of post-graduate work. He played for Amos Alonzo Stagg's Chicago Maroons football team in 1895 and 1896, and also played for the Stagg's Chicago Maroons baseball team in 1895, 1896 and 1897. He was the captain of Chicago's 1897 baseball team. Chicago's baseball team compiled records of 15-5, 19-11, and 17-4 during the three years Clarke was a player. In a review of the 1897 baseball season, Outing magazine wrote: ``Henry Clarke, their captain, has proved himself an able leader and is head and shoulders above every other pitcher in this section.'' The Chicago Daily Tribune gave much of the credit for Chicago's 1897 record to Clarke: ``The largest element in the success of the institution by the Midway was the phenomenal pitching of Henry Clarke. If victory can be accredited to any one man that man was Clarke last year.''
Tim Pernetti was born on November 2, 1970, at Holy Name Hospital in Teaneck, New Jersey, one of three sons of Antoinette and Thomas Pernetti. Pernetti grew up in Wyckoff, New Jersey and went to Sicomac School for K-6 and Dwight D. Eisenhower Middle School for 7th and 8th grades. He then attended Ramapo High School where he played one season for Rutgers head coach Greg Schiano as a senior. Pernetti played football and basketball at Ramapo and captained the basketball team in 1989. He was inducted into the Ramapo High School Sports Hall of Fame in 2007.
W. Sumner Davis is an Irish-American, educator, counselor and author. He was born in 1960 in Waterville, Maine. Born William Sumner Davis, Jr., he is the author of several books on social and science history including the controversial ''''Heretics,```` the natural history primer Losing Faith and the pseudoscience Just Smoke and Mirrors. Davis' early life was heavily influenced by the late Carl Sagan. Like Sagan, Davis is an outspoken critic of many nations use of nuclear arms; his essay A Model of Thermonuclear Extinction has been widely printed since original publication in 2002. A severe Dyslexic, Davis did not learn to read until age eleven, and because of early educational experiences, has become an outspoken proponent of alternative educational programs and a critic of U.S. Public School Systems. Davis attended the University of Maine, receiving a Bachelor of Arts degree in Psychology focusing on Developmental and Child Psychology. He entered Springfield College, where he received a Masters in social psychology concentrating on developmental psychology and Addiction Dynamics. Davis went on to study Theology at Bangor Theological Seminary where he earned a Master of Divinity in Western Theological History and Ancient Languages, eventually transferring in 1997 to Freedom Seminary, Washington DC where he completed a parallel program Th.D (Dr. Theol.) in Medieval Christian History graduating Magna Cum Laude in 2001.
Johanna Senfter was born and died in Oppenheim. From 1885 she studied composition under Knorr, violin under Rebner, piano under Friedberg and organ at the Hoch Conservatory in Frankfurt am Main. This gave her a considerable amount of musical training when in 1908 she became a student of Max Reger in Leipzig. She composed 9 symphonies, 26 orchestral works and concertos for piano, violin, viola, and cello. Senfter was a masterful composer of fugue. All together she left behind 134 works.
Rebecca Fjelland Davis is an American novelist and children's book author who lives in Minnesota. She is currently an instructor at South Central College in Mankato, where she teaches Composition studies, Literature and Film, and Critical Thinking in Humanities.
Stephen Billington (born 10 December 1969) is a British actor, best known for playing Greg Kelly in Coronation Street (for which he won the 1999 British Soap Award for Villain of the Year). He has worked with many leading film directors, including Peter Greenaway, Franco Zeffirelli, and Mel Gibson. He trained at Drama Centre London, where he has since taught, and also teaches at the Method Studio, London and the City Literary Institute. He is currently playing John Proctor in Arthur Miller's The Crucible at the York Theatre Royal.
Dhori Kule received his diploma in economics from the University of Tirana in 1981. Afterwards he started his carrier as teacher at Kuçova and Berat and as dozent at the Tirana University.
Mike May (born June 22, 1945 in Hobbs, New Mexico) is the Iowa State Representative from the 6th District. He has served in the Iowa House of Representatives since 2004. He received his BA from Simpson College and his MS from Mankato State College.
Donn Swaby (born August 20, 1973) is an American actor. He is best known for playing the role of Chad Harris-Crane on the television soap opera Passions. He graduated from Archbishop Molloy High School in Queens. Swaby received a college degree from Boston University. He played the role of Chad on Passions from the show's debut in July 1999 until September 2002. After he left the soap, Charles Divins replaced him.
After the War, Hawks was eager to return to Hollywood. After having also served in the Air Force, his brother Kenneth Hawks graduated from Yale University in 1919 and the brothers moved to Hollywood together to pursue their careers. They quickly made friends with Hollywood insider (and fellow Ivy Leaguer) Allan Dwan, but Hawks landed his first important job when he used his family's wealth to loan money to studio head Jack Warner. Warner quickly paid the loan back and hired Hawks as a producer to ``oversee'' the making of a new series of one-reel comedies starring the Italian comedian Monty Banks. Hawks stated that he personally directed ``three or four'' of the shorts, however no documentation exists to confirm this. The films were profitable, but Hawks soon left the series and proceeded to form his own production company using his family wealth and connections to secure financing. The company was named Associated Producers and was a joint venture between Hawks, Allan Dwan, Marshall Neilan and director Allen Holubar, with a distribution deal through First National. The company made fourteen films between 1920 and 1923, with eight directed by Neilan, three by Dwan and three by Holubar.
Fremantle was the son of Admiral Sir Edmund Fremantle, fourth son of Thomas Fremantle, 1st Baron Cottesloe. He was educated at Eton College and Magdalen College, Oxford and joined the Indian Civil Service in 1890. He became settlement officer at Rai Bareli in 1895 and a magistrate and collector in 1903. He was appointed Registrar of Co-operative Societies in the United Provinces in 1907, Collector and Magistrate of Allahabad in 1913, Commissioner of Bareilly in 1918, Controller of Passages of the United Provinces in 1919, and Commissioner of Meerut in 1919. In 1920 he was appointed a member of the Council of the Lieutenant-Governor of the United Provinces and in 1921 he became a member of the Provincial Board of Revenue. He retired in 1925.
Joshua Kutuny is a Kenyan politician. He belongs to the Orange Democratic Movement and was elected to represent the Cherangani Constituency in the National Assembly of Kenya since the Kenyan parliamentary election, 2007. The MP was born in 1978 at Kipkeikei in Cherangany. He is married with one child. Kutuny graduated in 2006 from Moi University with a Bachelor of Arts degree.
On September 25, 1959, the newly chartered State College for Alameda County--now California State University, East Bay -- welcomed its first 293 students to classes in temporary quarters at Sunset High School. The high school was able to share space with the college because, during the 1959-1960 school year, the high school consisted of only the 9th and 10th grades. Bud Harrelson, the former Major League Baseball shortstop and New York Mets coach and manager and Mets Hall of Famer, is a graduate of Sunset High School. Lewis Feldman, Professor of plant biology at the University of California, Berkeley, is a graduate of Sunset High School, class of 1963.
Mattheus Terwesten studied with his brother Augustinus Terwesten, Willem Doudyns, and Daniel Mijtens the Younger. In 1695 he traveled via Berlin to Rome, where he stayed until 1699. In Rome he became a member of the painters' circle known as the Bentvueghels, where he earned the nickname ``Arend'', or eagle. In 1710 he joined his older brother Augustinus and younger brother Ezaias, and when Augustinus died in 1711, he succeeded him as court painter in Berlin, while Ezaias went to Italy, where he married and settled permanently.
Monica Raghwan was born in Suva, Fiji on 22 November 1967. Her father, Vijay Raghwan, is a builder and President of Fiji Masters Builder Association. After completing her primary education at Veiuto Primary School and secondary education at Suva Grammar School, she studied at the University of Madras, India graduating with Bachelor of Science majoring in Botany. She later studied at the University of the South Pacific, obtaining Post Graduate Diploma in Biology (Plant Breeding). She has been employed in her family business, Raghwan Construction and as a research agronomist.
Famed outdoor evangelist Leonard Ravenhill was educated at Cliff College during Chadwick's tenure.
Flaherty is from South Boston. His father, Michael F. Flaherty, Sr., is a former associate justice on the Boston, Massachusetts Municipal Court and a former state representative. He is a graduate of Boston College High School and Boston College, and earned his law degree at Boston University. Prior to being elected to the Council in 1999, he was an assistant district attorney in the Suffolk County District Attorney's Office.
Warren Berger grew up in Whitestone, New York, the youngest of seven children. He graduated from Syracuse University's S. I. Newhouse School of Public Communications in 1980. After working as a newspaper journalist in Dallas, Berger moved back to New York and worked for several years as a magazine editor for CBS.
Shaw schooled at North Ossett High School and then Rodillian High School in Leeds. He later obtained his degree in Drama at the University of Birmingham, before attending the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art in London, from which he graduated in July 2001. He became Robert Cameron on graduation from drama school before re establishing his birth name in his professional name, becoming Robert Shaw Cameron in 2010.
Domino Harvey was born to the stage, with Oscar-nominated screen actor Laurence Harvey as her father, and model Paulene Stone as her mother. She was educated at the private Frensham Heights School in Surrey, England, and at Dartington Hall School. Stone named Domino after the actress Dominique Sanda, whose nickname was ``Domino''.
Sherif Nour was raised and brought up in Cairo, Egypt. He was born in an artistic family and environment, his father was a theatrical writer, critic and a script writer. In the seventies, he founded the Egyptian musical group ``Sunshine'' and performed on Cairo stages. After High School he studied music, harmony and music composing at Helwan University, having graduated with a high degree.
Mark Sangiao is a Filipino mixed martial artist and the head coach and founder of Team Lakay Wushu. He is head coach of the Cordillera chapter in Baguio for Wushu and a seasoned martial artist with past experience in kickboxing, Tae Kwon Do, and Jiu-Jitsu. Mark is also a martial arts instructor at the Philippine Military Academy (PMA) as well as a coach for Wushu at the University of the Cordilleras in Baguio City. He has competed in local and international events including the Asian and SEA Games as well as fighting for the URCC numerous times.
Jennifer Rae Daykin (born 21 January 1995) is a British teen actress best known for her role as Liliana ``Lily'' Brown in Nanny McPhee. She attended Westende Junior School in Wokingham, Berkshire, England
Alexander Keith (1791--1880) was a Church of Scotland minister. He was a graduate of Marischal College. Eldest son of George Skene Keith of Keith-hall and Kinkell, where he was born at the manse in 1791. From 1816 to 1840 he was rector of the parish of St. Cyrus, Scotland.
Green was educated at St Olave's Grammar School and then gained an RAF scholarship to Worcester College, Oxford, where he graduated in 1983 with first class honours in mathematics. He qualified as a fighter pilot on F-4 Phantom and Tornado F3 aircraft, and later became Officer Commanding Operations Wing at RAF Wittering. Andy Green is also the captain of the RAF team at the Cresta Run, where he uses an experimental French toboggan.
Eric Grate studied at the Royal Academy of Arts in Stockholm between 1917 and 1920. Thereafter he undertook study trips to Germany, especially to Munich, and to Italy and Greece. He moved to Paris 1924 and stayed there for ten years. In France he lived in the companionship of a number of other Swedish artists. e.g. Nils Dardel, Isaac Grünewald, Sigrid Hjertén, Otto G. Carlsund and Otte Sköld. Between 1941 and 1951 he was a professor at the Swedish Royal Academy of Arts.
Kathleen Murdock graduated from Erskine College and was one of the earliest female students to attend Erskine Theological Seminary in Due West, South Carolina. She graduated with a Master of Divinity degree in 1980. As a student, she was one of the co-authors of the Erskine Declaration. Following graduation from Erskine Seminary, Murdock was one of the founding members of Jubilee House Community
Abdul Hadi Dawai was born to a Kakar Afghan family in 1894 in Kabul, Afghanistan. He graduated from Habibia High School in 1912. In 1919, Mahmud Tarzi turned over the editorship of Siraj al-Akhbar to him. Under Dawai's editorship the name of the paper was changed to Aman-i Afghan (Afghan Peace).
He was born in Lennoxville, Lower Canada, the son of Samuel Brooks and Elizabeth Towle. Brooks was educated at Dartmouth College, studied law with John Sewell Sanborn and was called to the bar in 1854. In 1856, he married Sarah Louise Clarke. Brooks was named Crown Prosecutor for St. Francis district in 1862. He was named Queen's Counsel in 1875. He was elected battonier for the St. Francis bar. Brooks was a trustee for Bishop's College in Lennoxville. In 1882, he was named puisne judge in the Quebec Superior Court. Brooks retired from the bench in 1895 due to poor health. He died in Sherbrooke two years later.
Youssef Aftimus was born on November 25th 1866 to a Greek Catholic family in the historic town of Deir el Qamar. Aftimus attended school at Collège des Frères in his hometown as of 1875. In 1879 he transferred to the Syrian Protestant College (later known as the American University of Beirut to complete his studies where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree. Aftimus taught Arabic at his university for two years and co-authored an Arabic grammar textbook before he left for New York where he studied civil engineering at the Union College as of 1885; he graduated from UC in 1891. The Pennsylvania Railroad company presented Aftimus with his first job; he worked on the Hudson Canal and the Pennsylvania Railways.
Dennis Ciccone was born and raised in Aliquippa, Pennsylvania and is the son of first-generation immigrants. He was educated in public schools in his hometown and worked to earn his way through Duquesne University where he received his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1972 with a major in History, and a minor in Education. While working in a bookstore in San Diego, CA, he was offered a position in sales with Simon & Schuster in New York City. During a decade with the publishing house, Dennis was mentored by Dick Snyder, Simon & Schuster President, who led the company through a new, high-growth era with a focus on contemporary, popular culture works by Bob Woodward, Graham Greene, Larry McMurtry, Mary Higgins Clark, Philip Roth, Jane Fonda, and David McCullough. Following his tenure at Simon & Schuster, he became Managing Partner of Grove Press in New York. In 1991, Dennis returned to Pittsburgh with his wife Nancy and three sons.
Aaron Tap is a musician best known for playing guitar with Matt Nathanson and Paula Kelley. Tap grew up in Lexington, Massachusetts and graduated from Lexington High School (Massachusetts). He earned an undergraduate degree in English from Emerson College in Boston, Massachusetts.
The arena is not named after the American naval hero, or the Led Zeppelin bassist, rather it is named in honor of the father of Paul Tudor Jones, who donated $35 million for the construction of the arena. He earned a B.A. in Economics from the University in 1976. His father, John Paul Jones, is a 1948 graduate of the University of Virginia School of Law.
Composer Caspar Reiff founded the Tolkien Ensemble in Copenhagen in autumn 1995. At that time, Caspar Reiff (1971) was studying guitar at the Royal Danish Academy of Music in Copenhagen. He formed an ensemble consisting of fellow students from the Academy and his former guitar teacher, composer and multi-musician Peter Hall (1946), LLCM (TD) London College of Music.
Joe Forte is an American screenplay writer and painter. Born in New Jersey, he is a graduate of New York University's Tisch School of the Arts. Writer of Firewall, the 2006 thriller starring Harrison Ford, and producer of 2005 film, ``Say I Do''. Forte is currently adapting the award-winning novel Outhttp://www.pro.imdb.com/title/tt1401617/ for New Line Cinemas, and is creating a one-hour drama series for 20th Century Fox called The Pack, based on the book by New York indie novelist Jason Starr.
Bobby Miller is a writer/director whose short film ``TUB'' world premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in 2010. It went on to play Cannes, SXSW, and other film festivals around the world. Miller is currently head writer and director of ``Figgle Chat'' with Youtube's Fred Figglehorn. He's a 2009 graduate of Columbia University's Graduate MFA Film Program and currently lives in Los Angeles, CA.
Nathaniel Bacon was educated at Christ's College, Cambridge.
Richard Hill (born 22 August 1942) is a British composer who studied trombone initially at the Royal College of Music in London England in the 1960s, before moving into music production and composition.
Nancy Cox anchors LEX 18 News at 5:00, 5:30, 6:00, and 11:00. She joined LEX 18 in July 1992. She attended both Campbellsville University in Campbellsville in Taylor County, Kentucky and Western Kentucky University in Bowling Green, having graduated in 1990. She won the titles of Miss Bowling Green and Miss Kentucky in 1990 and participated in Miss America 1991 on September 7, 1990. Cox is the sister of Ricky Lee Cox, former member of the Kentucky House of Representatives, and the aunt of Emily Cox, Miss Kentucky 2008.
Gregg Wager (born September 16, 1958 in Adrian, Michigan) is an American composer, pianist, and music critic. He studied composition at the University of Southern California and the California Institute of the Arts. His teachers included Morton Subotnick and Morten Lauridsen. His piano teachers included Yuriy Oliynyk, Doris Stevenson, and Chester Swiatkowski. In 1996, he earned a Ph.D. in musicology at the Free University Berlin.
As Editor, Olivier Ferrell built a stable of authors who contributed interesting construction projects. These projects established the style of Popular Electronics for years to come. Two of the most prolific authors were Daniel Meyer and Don Lancaster. Daniel Meyer graduated from Southwest Texas State (1957) and became an engineer at Southwest Research Institute in San Antonio, Texas. He soon started writing hobbyist articles. The first was in Electronics World (May 1960) and latter he had a 2 part cover feature for Radio-Electronics (October, November 1962). The March 1963 issue of Popular Electronics featured his ultrasonic listening device on the cover. Don Lancaster graduated from Lafayette College (1961) and Arizona State University (1966). A 1960s fad was to have colored lights synchronized with music. This psychedelic lighting was made economical by the development of the silicon-controlled rectifier (SCR). Don's first published article was ``Solid-State 3-Channel Color Organ'' in the April 1963 issue of Electronics World. He was paid $150 for the story.
Edmund Hlawka (November 5, 1916, Bruck an der Mur, Styria -- February 19, 2009) was an Austrian mathematician. He was a leading number theorist. Hlawka did most of his work at the Vienna University of Technology. He was also a visiting professor at Princeton University and the Sorbonne. Hlawka died on February 19, 2009 in Vienna.
Lorraine Copeland was born in Scotland, the daughter of a prominent Harley Street neurosurgeon. She was educated at Wycombe Abbey, and worked for British Intelligence during the Second World War, in the Special Operations Executive. She met her American husband, Miles Copeland, during this period, when he was based in the U.K. during the war, undertaking counter-intelligence for the OSS (Office of Strategic Services). They married on 25 September 1942 at St Mary's Church, Great Portland Street, London. Soon afterwards Miles`` work took them to the Near East, particularly Syria, Lebanon and Egypt, and it was whilst in this area that Lorraine first developed her interest in archaeology.
Irving Malin (March 18, 1934- ) is an American literary critic. Malin attended Thomas Jefferson High School and Jamaica High School and graduated magna cum laude from Queens College in 1955 and received his PhD. from Stanford University in 1958. He taught at the City College of New York from 1960 until his retirement in 1996. Malin did his dissertation on the fiction of William Faulkner and made his initial academic mark as a critic of American Jewish Literature, editing an early collection on the fiction of Saul Bellow as well as a critical book and a general anthology on Jewish literature in the US. He subsequently became interested in writers who practiced innovative techniques such as James Purdy and John Hawkes as well as writers who broke down the boundaries between fiction and nonfiction such as William Styron and Truman Capote. One of the pioneering academics to take an interest in metafiction and experimental writing, Malin was an early contributor to the Review of Contemporary Fiction, writing over five hundred book reviews for this and other publications (like the Hollins Critic). In the latter portion of his career, Malin edited several anthologies of essays on Henry James, Thomas Pynchon, William Goyen, George Garrett, Don DeLillo, Vladimir Nabokov, Leslie Fiedler, and William Gass. He was a fellow at Yaddo and the Huntington Library and served on many boards and award panels.
Born on 3 November 1959, Shri. Ramesh Narayan hails from a family of Carnatic musicians settled at Kuthuparambu near Kannur, North Kerala. He had his early lessons in music from his parents, learning Carnatic music up to the age of 20. While he was a student at the Music College, Chittoor, Palakkad he was deeply drawn to Hindustani music and decided to dedicate himself to mastering it.
Michael Graff graduated from Iowa State University with a degree in Computer Engineering. Currently working at Internet Systems Consortium, a non-profit corporation. Michael is a co-author and one of several architects of BIND 9.
Boris Beizer is an American software engineer and author. He received his B.S. degree in physics from the City College of New York in 1956, an MS in Electrical Engineering (1963) and a PhD in computer science from the University of Pennsylvania in 1966. He has written many books and articles on topics such as system architecture and software testing. His books Software Testing Techniques and Software System Testing and Quality Assurance are frequently consulted references on the subject. He directed testing for the FAA's Weather Message Switching Center and several other large communications systems. He has been a speaker at many testing conferences and is also known for his seminars on testing. He has consulted on software testing and quality assurance with many organizations throughout the world.
William Bell has worked in several places, one of which includes China. In China he was an instructor at the Harbin University of Science and Technology and the Foreign Affairs College. Bell has also worked at the Simcoe County Board of Education and at the University of British Columbia. Currently Mr. Bell is the head of the English Department at Orillia District Collegiate.
Marcin Baran (born 1963 in Kraków) is a Polish poet and journalist. He has a degree in Polonistics from the Jagiellonian University. He is one of the Polish poets who published their verses in the magazine bruLion (sometimes spelled brulion).
Delores M. Etter attended the Oklahoma State University-- Stillwater and the University of Texas at Arlington before going on to receive two degrees from Wright State University (B.S. in Mathematics, 1970; M.S. in Mathematics, 1972). She attended grad school at the University of New Mexico, receiving her Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering in 1979.
Duncan Finlayson (September 12, 1867 -- September 25, 1925) was a Canadian lawyer, judge, and politician. Born in Grand River, Novsua Scotia, the son of Donald and Annabella (Murchison) Finlayson, Finlayson was educated at the Sydney Academy and Dalhousie University where he received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1893 and a Bachelor of Laws degree in 1895. He was solicitor of the municipality of Richmond, Nova Scotia from 1896 to 1904. He sat in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1897 to 1904. He was very passionate about law and wished to be a lawyer for no other reason than justice.
Peter Dennis attended the University of Leeds between 1982 and 1985, attaining a BSc Hons. in Agricultural Zoology. He then went on to work for four years to complete his PhD in Farmland Ecology at the University of Southampton and at the Game & Wildlife Conservation Trust, Fordingbridge in 1989.
Molly Giles (born in 1942) is a short story writer and professor at the University of Arkansas. She formerly taught at San Francisco State University. She is the author of Creek Walk and Other Stories (ISBN 0-684-85287-X) published in 1997 and the novel Iron Shoes (ISBN 0-641-71965-5) published in 2000. Her story collection Rough Translations won the Flannery O'Connor Award for Short Fiction and was nominated for a Pulitzer Prize. She also appears in Sudden Fiction (Continued) (60 New Short-Short Stories). Her short stories have been translated into Spanish.
Mitchell was born in Melbourne. Her mother is a model turned designer, and her father is a filmmaker. She had a spiritually inclined upbringing, drawing from Hindu culture by her parents. Her first name, Radha, is of Hindu origin and is the name of the soulmate to Lord Krishna. The other parts of her name coming from an Indian origin are Rani (``queen'') and Anunda (``joy''). She attended the private St Michael's Grammar School.
Henry W. Holt (September 14, 1864 -- October 4, 1947) was born at Wakefield, Virginia in Isle of Wight County, Virginia, but was raised in Surry County, Virginia. His preparatory education was received at Hanover Academy in Hanover County, Virginia after which he attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology for two years and Virginia Military Institute, from which he graduated in 1886. Turning then to law, he entered Washington and Lee University where he received his law degree in 1888. Upon graduation, he began to practice in Wichita, Kansas, but returned to Virginia in 1891 as Commandant of Cadets at Staunton Military Academy. In 1892, he started practice in Staunton and became judge of the Corporation Court of the city of Buena Vista, Virginia in 1893, though still living in Staunton. He resigned from this position in 1896 and, in 1900, became judge of the Staunton Corporation Court. There he served until 1912. At that time, he was appointed judge of the Eighteenth Judicial Circuit, where he remained for sixteen years. In 1924, Judge Holt was elected to the Special Court of Appeals and, in 1928, to the Supreme Court of Appeals. He continued as a member of the court, becoming Chief Justice in 1946, until his death.
David M. Hall was born in Philadelphia. He received a doctorate in education from Widener University, a masters degree in education from the University of Pennsylvania, and his bachelors degree from Hampshire College.
Washington has been home to many jazz pioneers, perhaps none better known than Duke Ellington, but also singer and pianist Shirley Horn, pianist Billy Taylor, and saxophonist Frank Wess. Ellington, Taylor and Wess each attended Dunbar High School with its prominent music program. Ellington's first group, The Washingtonians, featured drummer Sonny Greer. They left for Harlem in 1923. Jazz great Jelly Roll Morton came from New Orleans, but took up residency in Washington as a regular performer at a club called the Jungle Inn in 1935.
His students at Columbia also included Mexican anthropologist Manuel Gamio, who earned his M.A. after studying with Boas from 1909--1911, and became the founding director of Mexico's Bureau of Anthropology in 1917; Clark Wissler, who received his doctorate in psychology from Columbia University in 1901, but proceeded to study anthropology with Boas before turning to research Native Americans; Esther Schiff, later Goldfrank, worked with Boas in the summers of 1920 to 1922 to conduct research among the Cochiti and Laguna Pueblo Indians in New Mexico ; Gilberto Freyre, who shaped the concept of ``racial democracy'' in Brazil; Viola Garfield, who carried forth Boas' Tsimshian work; Frederica de Laguna, who worked on the Inuit and the Tlingit; and anthropologist, folklorist and novelist Zora Neale Hurston, who graduated from Barnard College, the women's college associated with Columbia, in 1928.
Nelson was born in Frederick, Maryland, the son of politician Roger Nelson. He graduated from the College of William and Mary in 1811 and was admitted to the bar in 1813, starting practice in Frederick. He held several local offices before being elected to the United States House of Representatives representing Maryland's fourth district. He served only one term, March 4, 1821 to March 3, 1823, and was not a candidate for reelection. Nelson received an A.M. degree from Princeton University in 1825. In 1831, he was appointed Chargé d'affaires to the Two Sicilies, a position he served in from 1831 to 1832. President John Tyler appointed him Attorney General of the United States on July 1, 1843 which he served until the end of the Tyler administration. He also served as United States Secretary of State ad interim for about a month in 1844 after the sudden death of the previous Secretary of State Abel P. Upshur. Nelson retired from public life and died in Baltimore, Maryland, on January 8, 1860.
His ``Sonata for Tenor Saxophone and Piano'' has been recorded by saxophonists such as James Houlik, Frederick Hemke and Steven Mauk, saxophone instructor at Ithaca College in Ithaca, NY.
Atef Abu Bilal (Arabic:عاطف ابو بلال) is a Palestinian footballer currently playing for Hilal Al-Quds as a full back and winger. He received his first call up to the Palestine national football team in 2010 against Sudan. He has since played for Palestine at the 2010 WAFF Championship, the qualifying rounds of 2012 AFC Challenge Cup, and the 2014 World Cup qualifying.
Michale Fee received a yo B.E. with honors in Engineering Physics from the School of Engineering at the University of Michigan (1985). He received a Ph.D. in Applied Physics from Stanford University (1992), where he conducted his thesis work in the laboratory of Steven Chu. From September 1992-- June 1996 he was a postdoctoral fellow at Bell Laboratories in the Biological Computation Research Department, where he worked in the laboratory of David Kleinfeld on the cortical circuitry in the vibrissa system of the rat underlying the sense of touch.
John Pemberton is an associate professor of anthropology at Columbia University. He received a Ph.D. from Cornell University. Prior to joining the faculty at Columbia, Pemberton taught at the University of Washington.
Adrian Wojnarowski ( ) is a sports columnist and author, who regularly writes NBA articles for Yahoo! Sports. Wojnarowski has worked in print media, and in 2006 published a New York Times best-seller: The Miracle of St. Anthony: A Season with Coach Bob Hurley and Basketball's Most Improbable Dynasty. He is a 1987 graduate of Bristol Central H.S. in Bristol, Connecticut and a 1991 graduate of St. Bonaventure University.
Justin Blanchard was born in Dallas, Texas, and raised in San Antonio, Texas. He began acting on the stage at age 16 at Texas Military Institute. He earned his Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in acting from New York University Tisch School of the Arts, where he studied in the CAP21 musical theater studio and the Experimental Theatre Wing. During his four years in these intense conservatory programs, Blanchard appeared in such plays and musicals as Tommy (rock opera), Romeo and Juliet, The Merchant of Venice, and Oedipus at Colonus, among others.
Puller was father-in-law to Colonel William H. Dabney, a VMI graduate, who, as a captain, was the commanding officer of two heavily reinforced rifle companies of the Third Battalion, Twenty-Sixth Marines from January 21 to April 14, 1968. During the entire period, Colonel Dabney's force stubbornly defended Hill 881S, a regional outpost vital to the defense of the Khe Sanh Combat Base during the 77-day siege. Following Khe Sanh, Dabney was nominated for the Navy Cross for his actions on Hill 881 South. But his battalion executive officer's helicopter carrying the nomination papers crashed--and the papers were lost. On April 15, 2005 Colonel William H. Dabney, USMC (Ret) was awarded the Navy Cross in a ceremony at Virginia Military Institute for actions 37 years earlier in Vietnam.
Daniel Kleppner, born 1932, is the Lester Wolfe Professor Emeritus of Physics at MIT and co-director of the MIT-Harvard Center for Ultracold Atoms. He is the winner of the 2005 Wolf Prize in Physics http://web.mit.edu/newsoffice/2005/wolf.html, and the 2007 Frederic Ives Medal. Prof. Kleppner has also been awarded the National Medal of Science (2006). Together with Robert J. Kolenkow, he authored a popular introductory mechanics textbook for advanced students. Kleppner graduated from Williams College with a B.A. in 1953, Cambridge University with a B.A. in 1955, and Harvard University with a Ph.D. in 1959.
Anatoly Stessel was born in 1848 as the son of Lieutenant General Baron Vinogradov Stessel. He graduated from the Pavel Military School in 1866. Stessel was a participant of the Russo-Turkish War (1877--1878). He subsequently commanded the 16th Ladoga Infantry Regiment in 1897 and then from 1897 to 1899 the 44th Kamchatka Infantry Regiment. He was appointed to head the 3rd East Siberian Brigade (1899--1903) and distinguished himself for his role in the suppression of the Boxer Rebellion, for which he was awarded the Order of St. George (4th degree).
Prior to adopting its current callsign and format, the 630 frequency was used by KXOK. While KXOK had used a number of formats, it is best remembered as being a Top 40 powerhouse during the 1960's and 1970's. Bob Wells, radio host, of the longest-running daily program The Bob Wells Show, aired on KJSL from April 1999 until May 28, 2010 with a format of news of the day: Social, Theological, and political. Wells frequently interviewed guests from the political arena, including Presidential candidates as well as local politicians. J. Bradley Young was the political consultant and also guest hosted the program along with Author William J. Federer. Voice over talent and writer Bryan Kreutz voiced a Star Trek news segment for the Monday show as a Co-Producer sharing the duties with traffic director Jen Collins-Smith. Jen Collins-Smith and Bryan Kreutz graduated from Broadcast Center in ``The Hill, St. Louis'' district. The Bob Wells Show during its run was the only Christian radio program in Saint Louis to allow the caller to pick the topic for the full two-hour show on Fridays titled ``Free for all Fridays''. Pat Knox, who has been a producer with the program for much of its run, arranged most of the interviews and guests. Bob Wells interviewed many former guests and KJSL personalities on his final week on the air, notably Tim Berends.
Nawara Negm (نوارة نجم, ) (born in Cairo in 1973) is an Egyptian journalist, blogger and human rights activist based in Cairo, Egypt. Daughter of the leftist poet Ahmed Fouad Negm and Islamist thinker and journalist Safinaz Kazem, she obtained her BA in English Language from the Faculty of Arts, Ain Shams University and has since worked for the Egyptian Nile Television Network (NTN) as a translator and news editor.
Hunt was the second son of John Hunt, esq., of Lyndon, one of the ancient family of Le Hunt. His mother was Amy, daughter of Sir Thomas Cave of Stanford, Northamptonshire. He was born at Morcott in Rutlandshire, whence he was sent to Eton College, and afterwards to King's College, Cambridge, where he was admitted a scholar 27 August 1565, but left the university without taking a degree.
Paul LeClerc is president and chief executive officer of the New York Public Library. He attended Holy Cross High School in Flushing, New York, and was part of their first graduating class in 1959. He is a former president of Hunter College and is a trustee of the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation. LeClerc also serves as Director of the National Book Foundation and the Maison Française of Columbia University. He earned a B.A. from the College of the Holy Cross and a Ph.D. in French literature from Columbia University. In 2009 he announced that he will retire from his position as President in the summer of 2011.
Marcel Bitsch (born December 29, 1921, Toulouse, died September 21, 2011, Paris) was a French composer, teacher and analyst. He studied at the Conservatoire de Paris and also was professor of counterpoint there. In his latter years he concentrated on teaching and analysing the music of (mostly) J. S. Bach, producing analytic scores whose page layout was designed to convey the music's structural features.
De Geer graduated from Uppsala University in 1879, after joining the Swedish Geological Survey the previous year, and began what was to be his life's work studying the late Quaternary deposits and landforms of southern Sweden. De Geer's early studies of raised beaches, used to reconstruct glacio-isostatic sea level changes, and his mapping of glacial moraines to reconstruct the extent of the last Scandinavian ice sheet and its pattern of deglaciation (the particular type of moraine he studied is now referred to as De Geer moraine), were well-received. However, De Geer is most famous for discovering varves and pioneering their use in geochronology.
Steve Newton was named head basketball coach at Murray State University in 1985 by President Kala Stroup, the Board of Trustees and Athletics Director, Johnny Reagan. In six seasons as the Racers head coach, Newton had an overall record of 116-65 (64%), a Conference mark of 43-7 (86%) and won four Ohio Valley Conference regular season and three OVC Tournament titles. Newton became only the second coach in OVC history to lead his team to four consecutive league titles. Only western Kentucky's E.A. Diddle had ever won or shared four straight OVC championships, from 1953-57. The Racers during Newton's tenure earned three NCAA tournament appearances and one NIT appearance. The high point of his career at Murray State came on March 18, 1988 when the Racers defeated the North Carolina State Wolfpack 78-75 in the first round of the 1988 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament. It was Murray State's first Tournament victory. Murray State would lose to eventual national champion Kansas by three points in the second round; that game was KU's closest in route to the championship.
Naresh Kamboj was born to Chaudhry Kishori Lal Kamboj, a renowned personality, in the village of Fatehpur in then Ambala district of Haryana, India which is now a part of Yamunanagar. His grandfather Chaudhry Kundan Lal Kamboj was also a known social activist in Ambala district. He is an alumnus of Mukand Lal National College. He did his B.A. at Kurukshetra University, Kurukshetra.
John Maxwell Hamilton was born on March 28, 1942. Hamilton became dean of the Manship School of Mass Communication for his civil service and 20 years of experience with journalism. Hamilton now has the position of Executive Vice Chancellor and Provost of Louisiana State University. Hamilton graduated from Marquette and Boston Universities with a BAJ and MA in Journalism. He continued his education at George Washington University, graduating with a doctorate in American civilization.
Jamil Baloch was born on June 12, 1972 in Nushki, Baluchistan. He got early education from Nushki. He graduated from National College of Arts Lahore in 1997.
Hartley William Shawcross was born to John and Hilda Shawcross in Germany, whilst his father was teaching English at Giessen University. He was educated at Dulwich College, the London School of Economics and the University of Geneva and sat for the Bar at Gray's Inn, where he won first-class honours.
He was born in Beckenham. After lessons from his father from the age of five, he became a pupil of Albert Sammons (and Ken Piper) when he was nine years old. Later, he attended the Royal College of Music (RCM), where at age 17 he was awarded the principal prize for violin. A further year's study with André Gertler at the Brussels Conservatory on a Boise Foundation travelling award brought him a double first prize for solo and chamber music playing, and with two other prizewinners he formed the Boise Trio.
Joel Gilbert is a graduate of the University of London where he studied at the School of Oriental and African Studies and the London School of Economics (BA 1986). He was a student of Islamic studies under Middle East experts, Professors Eli Kedouri and P.J. Vatikiotis. Gilbert has an MBA degree from George Washington University in Washington D.C. (1991). Gilbert is a contributing editor for the popular national security and foreign policy website familysecuritymatters.org, and appears as a regular foreign policy consultant on national radio and TV shows, including The Jerry Doyle Show and The Michael Reagan Show.
Jenner-Fust, surname initially Jenner, was second son of Robert Jenner of Doctors' Commons, proctor, and of Chislehurst, Kent, by his second wife, Ann, eldest daughter of Peter Birt of Wenvoe Castle, Glamorganshire. He was born in the parish of St. Gregory, near St Paul's Cathedral, in the City of London, on 4 February 1778. He was educated under Richard Valpy at Reading and at Trinity Hall, Cambridge, where he graduated LL.B. in 1798, and LL.D. in 1803.
Scott Dreisbach (born December 16, 1975) is a former American football quarterback who last played for the Columbus Destroyers of the Arena Football League. He played quarterback at Penn High School in Mishawaka, Indiana.
Frederick Grinke started learning to play violin at the age of 9, and studied with John Waterhouse and others in Winnipeg. He made his first broadcast at the age of about 12 and formed a trio at age 15. In 1927 he won a Dominion of Canada scholarship award to the Royal Academy of Music in London, where he studied with Rowsby Woof. He continued his studies (at age 21) for a summer with Adolf Busch in Switzerland, and afterwards in Belgium and London with Carl Flesch.
Kirk Walters was born in Omaha, Nebraska on November 28, 1984. He graduated in 2004 from South Christian High School which is located in Grand Rapids, Michigan. (1) Currently, he is a professional Basketball Center who plays for the Anaheim Arsenal in the NBADL. (3)
Wyatt Webb was a college basketball head coach for the Akron Zips men's basketball team from 1969 to 1975. When Webb was named head coach of Akron in 1968, it was unheard of for a young man in his mid-20's (Webb was 26) to be in such a position. After all, Webb had just finished his playing career at Akron just a few years back. But Webb proved the doubters wrong, compiling a 126-60 record in seven seasons and taking the Zips to three NCAA Division II tournaments, including a title game appearance in 1971-72. Even though he resigned after 1975, he stayed at the school as a teacher and chairperson.
Jacqueline E. Schafer was born in Greenport, New York on October 12, 1945. She was educated at Middlebury College, receiving an A.B. in 1967.
Born in rural Lenawee County, Hudson, Michigan, Carleton was the fifth child of John Hancock and Celeste (Smith) Carleton. In 1869, he graduated from Hillsdale College and delivered on that occasion the poem, Rifts in the Cloud.
Talbot Pendleton was an American football player. He attended Princeton University where he played football, baseball, and ran track. In 1910, he was named a consensus All-American by Collier's Weekly, Leslie's Weekly, and sportswriter W.S. Farnsworth.
Marc Nikkel (1950--2000) was a U.S. Episcopal priest and missionary in the Sudan. Born to Mennonite parents in Reedley, California, Nikkel studied at the California State University School for the Visual Arts and at Fuller Seminary before converting to Anglicanism. In 1981 he began teaching at Bishop Gwynne College in Mundri, Sudan. In 1984-1985 he studied at the General Theological Seminary of the Episcopal Church in Chelsea, New York, being ordained to the diaconate by the Bishop of Southwestern Virginia and to the priesthood on his return to the Sudan.
In 1963 MI5 learned of Blunt's espionage from an American, Michael Straight, whom he had recruited. Blunt confessed to MI5 on 23 April 1964, and Queen Elizabeth II was informed shortly thereafter. He also gave up John Cairncross, Peter Ashby, Brian Symon and Leonard Henry (Leo) Long as spies. Long had also been a member of the Communist Party and an undergraduate at Trinity College, Cambridge. During the war he served in M14 military intelligence in the War Office, with responsibility for assessing German offensive plans. He passed analyses but not original material relating to the Eastern Front to Blunt. In return for Blunt's full confession, the British government agreed to keep his spying career an official secret for fifteen years, and granted him full immunity from prosecution. Mrs Thatcher later declared that there would be no intention of prosecuting Long.
Jasper Joffe was born in the United States in 1975 and moved to England when he was eight. He is the brother of artist Chantal Joffe. He studied Fine Art at the Ruskin School of Drawing and Fine Art, Oxford. He completed an MA in painting at The Royal College of Art in London and received a scholarship to the British School at Rome, where he spent nine months. He has had solo exhibitions in London, Rome and Milan. He is the author of ``Water'' published by Telegram Books in 2006.
Pam Dreyer (born August 9, 1981) is an American ice hockey player. She won a bronze medal at the 2006 Winter Olympics. At the games in Turin, she played 60 minutes and had 10 saves. She graduated from Brown University in 2003.
Emanuel Levy began his studies at Tel Aviv University, where he received B.A. in sociology, anthropology and political science. He did graduate work in sociology, film, and culture studies at Columbia University, where he earned a Ph.D. Among his mentors were Sigmund Diamond, a professor of social history and the distinguished film critic Andrew Sarris.
Born in Colchester, James Raven attended The Gilberd School in the town. He read History at Clare College, Cambridge, where he also completed his doctorate on attitudes to wealth creation. He has been a visiting fellow at several American universities and institutions including Rutgers University, The American Antiquarian Society and The Newberry Library, Chicago. He was a Fellow, successively of Pembroke College and Magdalene College Cambridge, and from 1996 a Fellow of Mansfield College, Oxford and Reader in Social and Cultural History at Oxford from 2000. In 2004 he was appointed Professor of Modern History at the University of Essex, returning to his home town. He is also a member of the Human Rights Centre at the University of Essex.
Todd Fink (born Todd Baechle, pronounced ``BECK-lee'') from Omaha, Nebraska is the lead singer of the band The Faint. He attended Westside High School in Omaha, Nebraska.
Lieutenant Colonel Ghulam Hussain Chaudry or Ghulam Hussain Chaudry Shaheed, HJ, born in 1926, was a Pakistan Army officer who received Hilal-i-Jurat for his action in Indo-Pakistani War of 1971. He graduated from the Pakistan Military Academy as part of the 6th PMA, barely 3 years after the formation of Pakistan as an independent state. He was awarded the second most honorable award in Pakistan, the Hilal-i-Jurat, which is awarded to officers for ``acts of valor, courage or devotion to duty performed on land, at sea or in air.'' He was fatally wounded in the Pakistan/India war of 1971. The Pakistan/India border near Kasur, Pakistan is named in his honor.
Jeff Mullen attended Wittenberg University in Ohio, where he was a four-year letterwinner and a 1989 All-American selection at defensive back.
Kerwin was born in Sarnia, Ontario to Patrick Kerwin and Ellen Gavin. After graduating from the Sarnia Collegiate Institute at the age of 16, he enrolled at Osgoode Hall Law School in 1906. He articled in Sarnia with R. V. Le Sueur but, after being called to the bar in 1911, decided to move to Guelph, where he practised law for over 21 years with Guthrie & Guthrie. During that time, he served as solicitor for the city of Guelph and Wellington County, as well as Crown prosecutor. In 1932 he was appointed to the High Court of Justice of Ontario.
Considered the eldest son of Mohammed bin Laden, the founder of Saudi Binladin Group and a half-brother and cousin of the infamous terrorist (Osama bin Laden). Bin Laden was educated at Millfield and acted as the patriarch of the bin Laden family after the 1967 death of his father. Salem managed the family's extensive investment portfolio (thought to be valued at around $16 billion) and was in charge of family income distribution. He also oversaw the individual education plans for each of his (half-) brothers and (half-) sisters. Just like his father, he highly valued close relationship of the bin Ladens with the Saudi royal family. He provided means and support to the family during the Mecca uprising of 1979.
Jordan was born in Santa Ana, California. He is the middle of 3 children, born to Donna Jordan and Michael A. Jordan, a caterer. Jordan is named after his father and has no connection with basketball legend Michael Jordan. His family moved to Newark, New Jersey when he was a boy and he attended Newark Arts High School. He did not plan on being an actor. He first started off modeling for local companies. Despite the end of Friday Night Lights he still has his apartment in Austin where the TV series was filmed.
Harrison was born in Muswell Hill, Middlesex, and was the third son of Frederick Harrison, a stockbroker, and his wife, Jane Brice. He was educated at King's College School and King's College London. In 1858 he entered business as a solicitor at the firm of his uncle, also named Charles Harrison. He acquired a large practice in his own right, with major clients being the London Chatham and Dover Railway and the Law Fire Insurance Society. He became an advocate of the rights of tenants to purchase their properties and of the provision of housing for the working classes. In this he was in agreement with the policies of the Radical wing of the Liberal Party. In 1886 he married Lady Harriet Barlow.
Brian Sheesley is an animation director who has worked on several comedy shows, including directing duties on The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy, two episodes of The Critic, nine episodes of Futurama and two episodes of King of the Hill. Sheesley also worked as an animation timer on Rugrats Go Wild! (in 2003) and as an animator on A Wish for Wings That Work in 1991. In his earlier career Brian worked as a layout artist on The Ren & Stimpy Show. Brian is currently an animation director and supervising director on Camp Lazlo. He studied in the Character Animation program at the California Institute of the Arts. He also worked on The Simpsons in 1996, as an animation timer.
James Crosby was educated at the Lancaster Royal Grammar School between 1967 and 1974. After leaving the school, he continued his studies in mathematics at Brasenose College, Oxford.
Margaret Lucy Wilkins was born in Kingston-upon-Thames, England, and began composing at age twelve. She studied composition at Trinity College of Music in London with Gladdys Puttick and continued her education at the University of Nottingham where she earned her BMus. She continued studying composition there with James Fulkerson and earned her AMusD in 1995. Her compositions have been performed in Brazil, Bulgaria, China, France, Italy, Latvia, The Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Russia, Slovenia, South Korea, Spain, Switzerland, Ukraine, the UK, and the US.
Yoshinobu Takahashi (高橋 由伸, born April 3, 1975) is a Japanese professional baseball player from Chiba, Japan. He currently plays right field for the Yomiuri Giants, and is one of the most well-known players in Japanese baseball. He graduated from Keio University.
Philip Mattar (, born 1944) is a Palestinian American historian, who is fluent in English and Arabic. Born in Jerusalem, He received his Ph.D. from Columbia University in Middle Eastern history and has taught history at Yale, Georgetown, and the City College of New York. Mattar was a Fulbright scholar, a Fellow at The Woodrow Wilson Center (September 2001-August 2002), and a Senior Fellow at the United States Institute of Peace (October 2002-July 2003). He is the President of the Palestinian American Research Center in Washington D.C. and was executive director of the Institute for Palestine Studies from 1984 to 2001.
Peter Jefferson (born May 1945) is a BBC Radio 4 continuity announcer. He was educated at the independent Halliford School in Shepperton, Middlesex. He joined the BBC in 1964 and became a Studio Manager in 1968. Jefferson was the station's senior announcer until his retirement in 2001, though he continued to work as a freelancer until 2009. In May 2005 he stood in as a newsreader during strike action by other staff. He is often dubbed ``Voice of the Shipping Forecast''. He is also the reader of quotations in some episodes of the Radio 4 quiz game Quote, Unquote. Jefferson lives in Weybridge, Surrey.
Cartano was born on April 4, 1909 in Seattle, Washington to Daniel A. and Margaret Cartano. He graduated from West Seattle High School in 1926 where he was honored as a commencement speaker and 3-year letterman in tennis and golf. At the age of 17, he became the Washington State's champion high school orator, and later placed 3rd in the semifinals of the National Oratorical Contest, behind the former Speaker of the House of Representatives, Carl Albert. He graduated from the University of Washington in 1930 where he served as Vice-President of the student body and was a Phi Beta Kappa.
Miocic trains out of Strong Style Fight Team in Ohio along with UFC veteran Forrest Petz and Bellator's Chris Lozano and Brian Rogers. He received interest from Major League Baseball teams during his collegiate years at Cleveland State University and ranked nationally in wrestling at 197 lbs alongside such names as Nik Fekete, Ryan Bader, and Muhammed Lawal. Stipe Miocic Played baseball his senior year at Trevecca Nazarene University in Nashville, Tenn. Helped led team to the TranSouth Athletic Conference regular season and tournament championship. Hit .344 with 14 doubles, 4 triples, 7 home runs and 43 RBI Earned the TranSouth Player of the Week award.
Of Indian descent, Nalini Singh was born in 1977 in Fiji, and moved to New Zealand as a child. She attended Mount Roskill Grammar School.
Huw Edwards is a Welsh conductor and the current music director of Portland, Oregon's Columbia Symphony Orchestra and Olympia, Washington's Olympia Symphony Orchestra. Edwards' conducting career began at age seventeen when he became music director of the Maidstone Opera Company in England. He later attended the University of Surrey, where he conducted the college orchestra along with an ensemble that he formed on his own. At age twenty-three, he won a conducting competition which sent him to Southern Methodist University in Dallas, Texas. He then held a lecturer position at Northwestern University in Chicago, where he was also a doctoral candidate. Edwards was conductor and music director of the Portland Youth Philharmonic from 1995 to 2002 followed by the Seattle Youth Symphony from 2002 to 2005. He has been music director of the Columbia Symphony Orchestra since 2000 and the Olympia Symphony Orchestra since 2002.
Huw Edwards, born in South Wales, moved with his parents to England and sang in choirs as a child. He witnessed his first opera (Giuseppe Verdi's Un ballo in maschera) at eleven years old when his parents took him to the Royal Opera House in Covent Garden. Seven years later, he was on that same podium conducting W. S. Gilbert and Arthur Sullivan's operetta H.M.S. Pinafore. Edwards has been conducting since age seventeen, when he became music director of the Maidstone Opera Company in England, a position he held for six years. Edwards attended the University of Surrey, where he conducted the college orchestra along with an ensemble that he formed on his own. At twenty-three years old, he won a conducting competition which sent him to the University of Surrey in England and Southern Methodist University in Dallas, Texas. Edwards moved to the Pacific Northwest after he held a lecturer position at Northwestern University in Chicago, where he was also a doctoral candidate.
John Anstis (17 November 1708 -- 5 December 1754) was an officer of arms at the College of Arms in London. Anstis was born in St Clement Danes, Westminster, and was the seventh child and eldest son of John Anstis and his wife, Elizabeth. He was educated at Westminster School and privately by Michael Maittaire. He graduated from Corpus Christi College, Oxford, in 1725. In May of that year he was made genealogist of the newly created Order of the Bath. On 6 October 1727, he was appointed Blanc Coursier Herald. This was a new office attached to that of the genealogist and first companion of the order; this creation was the work of his father, who had risen to the post of Garter Principal King of Arms. Later in 1727, Anstis was created joint Garter with his father and in 1733 he accompanied him to The Hague to invest the Prince of Orange with the Order of the Garter. In 1736 he was made a fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London and he became the sole Garter King of Arms on his father's death in 1744. In 1749, he became a barrister of the Middle Temple, although he never practised law. The younger Anstis died a bachelor on 5 December 1754 at his house in Mortlake, Surrey, and was buried at Duloe, Cornwall.
He was born in Wricklesmarsh, in Charlton, Kent, the second son of Edward Blount of the Middle Temple and his second wife, Fortune, daughter of Sir William Garway. Blount was educated at Brasenose College, Oxford where he matriculated in 1623. He was admitted to Grays Inn in 1624.
Robert Alexander was born on his family's estate at Head of Elk in Cecil County, Maryland about 1740. He was educated to the law and admitted to the bar, and practiced in Baltimore. From 1774 to 1776, he attended the Annapolis Convention as a representative of Baltimore County. He also represented Baltimore in the state's Committee of Safety.
Donald Prentice Booth was the son of an Colonel Alfred James Booth (1875--1937), a career Army officer and veteran of the Spanish-American War and World War I. Donald Booth attended Hawaii's Punahou School, and high schools in San Antonio, Texas, Albany, New York, and Patchogue, New York before graduating from Leavenworth High School in Leavenworth, Kansas in 1921. He graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1926 and was commissioned a Second Lieutenant of Engineers.
Arthur Kade (born Arthur Kadyshes) is an American former financial adviser. Raised by his grandmother in Northeast Philadelphia, Kade attended college at Temple University. Upon graduation, Kade began a career as a financial adviser with American Express Financial Advisers, located in Conshohocken. In early 2009, Kade embarked on what he calls ``The Journey'', the pursuit of his lifelong dream of becoming an actor and model.
Alberto Campo Baeza graduated in architecture in 1971 at the Superior Technical School of Architecture of Madrid of which he is currently Chairman and Professor of Design since 1986. He has taught at ETH Zurich Faculty (1989-1990), in Dublin (1992), Virginia Tech (Blacksburg, Virginia), Copenhagen (1996), in EPFL Lausanne as a p. invité in 1997, in University of Pennsylvania (1986 and 1999), BAUHAUS in Weimar (2002), IIT Chicago (2003). Campo Baeza has been Visiting Scholar at Columbia University (2003), a lecturer at Harvard (2002), IIT Chicago (2003), Palladian Basilica in Vicenza, Italy (2004) and Kansas State University (2005).
Tan Seng Giaw (Chinese : 陈胜尧) is a Malaysian politician from the Democratic Action Party. He was born on 26 May 1942 in Kota Baru, Kelantan. After attending Primary and High School in Kelantan and Penang respectively, he furthered his education at Plymouth College and Leeds University, England. His multi-cultural academic and social background has resulted in Seng Giaw being fluent in Mandarin, English, Bahasa Malaysia, and competent in the writing of Malay in the Jawi script. Seng Giaw's academic qualifications include a M.B.Ch. B. (Leeds), D. Obs. R.C.O.G, M.R.C.P (UK) and finally a M.D. honours (Leeds) in 1976.
Monica Rich Kosann was born in New York City. Kosann began studying photography at the age of 16 during a summer at the International Summer Academy of Fine Arts, in Salzburg, Austria. She then attended the International Center of Photography in New York, Rhode Island School of Design, École des Arts at the Sorbonne in Paris. She received a bachelor's degree from Clark University in Worcester, Massachusetts.
Khondakar Ashraf Hossain is one of the leading poets, essayist and translator of Bangladesh. Born in Jamalpur, Bangladesh, in 1950, he was educated at University of Dhaka and Leeds University. He is currently Professor of English at University of Dhaka. He has published seven books of poetry in Bangla and three collections of essays.
Chris Moore (born May 21, 1984) is an American basketball player who has played international professional basketball in Hungary and Australia. The 6'5`` shooting guard graduated from McKinney High School in McKinney, Texas in May 2002. He then attended Maine Central Institute for a post graduate year from Aug 2002 through May 2003. He received his Bachelor of Arts degree from Tulane University in New Orleans, Louisiana in May 2007.
Robert W. Newcomb a professor of electrical engineering at the University of Maryland, College Park. He obtained a BSEE degree from Purdue University in 1955, an MS from Stanford University in 1957, and his Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from the University of California at Berkeley in 1960. He was a professor in the electrical engineering department at Stanford University through 1968, and from 1969 onward has been a professor in the electrical engineering department at the University of Maryland at College Park. He has graduated over 70 Ph.D. students from both Stanford and the University of Maryland.
A professor at the Leipzig Academy of Music since 1975, Masur has received numerous honors: In 1995, he received the Cross of the Order of Merits of the Federal Republic of Germany; in 1996 he received the Gold Medal of Honor for Music from the National Arts Club; in 1997 he received the titles of Commander of the Legion of Honor from the French government and New York City Cultural Ambassador from the City of New York; in April 1999 he received the Commander Cross of Merit of the Polish Republic; in March 2002, the President of Germany, Johannes Rau, awarded him the Cross with Star of the Order of Merits of the Federal Republic of Germany; in September 2007, the President of Germany, Horst Köhler, bestowed upon him the Great Cross of the Legion of Honor with Star and Ribbon; in September 2008, he received the Furtwängler Prize in Bonn, Germany. Masur is also an Honorary Citizen of his hometown Brieg. In 2001 Kurt Masur became an Honorary Member of the Royal Academy of Music. In 2010, he received the Leo Baeck Medal (Leo Baeck Institute) for his humanitarian work promoting tolerance and social justice.
A seventh generation Georgian, Christopher N. Smith was born in Macon, Georgia in 1964 to parents Bob Lee Smith and Teresa Smith. Christopher N. Smith grew up in Houston County, Georgia. After graduating from Warner Robins High School, he attended the University of Georgia in Athens, Georgia. Christopher N. Smith received his Bachelors of Business Administration Degree in 1988, and in 1991 he received his Juris Doctor Degree from the Walter F. George School of Law at Mercer University and was admitted into the practice of law that year.
Vicente L. Rafael is a professor of Southeast Asian history at the University of Washington, Seattle. He received his B.A. in history and philosophy from Ateneo de Manila University in 1977 and his Ph.D. in history at Cornell University in 1984. Prior to teaching at the University of Washington, Rafael taught at the University of California, San Diego and the University of Hawaii at Manoa. Currently, he sits on advisory boards of Cultural Anthropology, Public Culture, and positions.
Born in Utrecht, Netherlands, Bouke de Vries studied at the Design Academy Eindhoven, and Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design, London. He has worked with John Galliano, Stephen Jones and Zandra Rhodes before retraining in ceramics conservation and restoration, a skill that is integral to his recently developed artistic practice. '' At first, de Vries made a steady living as a private conservator fixing broken pieces, sometimes working on pieces that weren't even worth the cost of fixing, in which cases many clients would leave him with the pieces. This devaluation of art began to bother him, ultimately causing him to change careers. Bouke de Vries was one of London's leading ceramic conservators - then he began making sculptures from broken china and porcelain and became an instant darling of collectors. He was soon picked up by Kay Saatchi for the 2009 Murmurart show at Selfridges where he sold all three selected works including ``NO NO NO,'' his reflection on late singer Amy Winehouse. It was at this show that the piece sold to art collector Anita Zabludowicz, wife of Poju Zabludowicz.
John Godfrey studied with Oliver Knussen at the Royal College of Music, Peter Maxwell Davies at the Dartington Summer School and with Richard Orton at the University of York, where he graduated with a BA Hons in music (1983) and an MPhil in composition (1989).
John Howard Angas was the second son of George Fife Angas and his wife Rosetta née French. He was born in Newcastle upon Tyne and when around four years old was boarded out with a couple in Hutton, Essex where his parents were living. He later attended the University of London for short time.
James Dow Constantine was born and raised in West Seattle, Washington, the son of John and Lois Constantine. In 1980, he graduated from West Seattle High School, where he was student body president and an Eagle Scout. He attended the University of Washington (UW), receiving a Bachelor of Arts in political science and graduated as a member of the Phi Kappa Sigma fraternity. Constantine also served an internship with Washington's 34th Legislative District representative Phil Talmadge. While attending law school, Constantine worked as a disk jockey for the college radio station KCMU. In 1989, Constantine earned a law degree from the University of Washington School of Law. Constantine later returned to obtain a Master's degree in urban planning from UW in 1992.
Andrew Knight was born on 1 November 1939 to Group Captain M. W. B. Knight DFC and his wife S. E. F. Knight. Group Captain Knight was a decorated officer with the RAF, noted for founding Squadron 485, the New Zealand Squadron. He was educated at the Roman Catholic school Ampleforth College, where he was appointed Head Boy, and was awarded an Exhibition to Balliol College, Oxford (MA, Modern History). Knight worked at the City of London merchant bankers, J. Henry Schroder Wagg, from 1961 to 1963 and the Investors Chronicle from 1962 until 1966, when he joined The Economist Magazine.
In additional, he is also well known for the Ken Hom wok which has sold over 7 million in 62 countries throughout the world. Hom's range of ready cooked meals has sold over 60 million units. He has also developed an array of cooking sauces, ready cooked noodles and rice. However, these are available only in the UK. Despite semi-retirement, he travels extensively worldwide and divides his time between France and Bangkok where he supervises his restaurant Maison Chin. He continues to make occasional radio and television appearances worldwide, as well as working for a number of charities. On 12 September 2007, Hom received an honorary doctorate from Oxford Brookes University, England in recognition of his ``outstanding success within the international food world''. In 2010, Hom was diagnosed with prostate cancer and has been receiving proton radiation therapy in Japan. It has been successfully treated and his is now an ambassador for Prostate Cancer Charity, building awareness for early testing and treatment.
James Jenkins (born August 17, 1967 in Staten Island, New York) is a former American football tight end that played for ten seasons in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins as a blocking specialist on offense, winning Super Bowl XXVI during the 1991 season. Jenkins attended Curtis High School. He played college football for Rutgers University. While undrafted, Joe Gibbs made a personal appeal to Jenkins to not join the Army and concentrate on professional football instead. A divorced father of three, after working as an NFL strength and conditioning coach, he is now working as head coach of the Düsseldorf Panthers, a German division I football team. Previously he was employed as a personal trainer for LifeTime Fitness in Alpharetta, Georgia.
Fat Tony, whom lives in the Third Ward area of Houston, attended Carnegie Vanguard High School (Class of 2006) and the University of St. Thomas. He also studied as a communications major at the University of Houston. Fat Tony first gained prominence in Texas' underground Hip Hop scene as a founding member of Houston based Hip Hop group The Low Ends. As a teenager he was known for organizing music events in Houston inviting regional and national bands such as The Ergs! , Joe Jitsu, The Rushmores, The Cocker Spaniels and other underground acts. He intentionally organized events featuring artists of various genres to bring forth an avenue for developing diverse tastes. For the often young audiences, they were getting their first sighting of underground and independent music.
Memos Makris (, ) (born April 1 1913 in Patras -- died May 26 1993 in Athens) was a prominent Greek sculptor. He spent his early childhood in Patras but his family moved to Athens in 1919. He studied at the Athens School of Fine Arts and soon became involved in the artistic and cultural life of the 1930s. During the German Occupation Makris joined the National Resistance. After the liberation he continued his studies in Paris. He was deported from France in 1950 due to his political allegiance to the Left and sought political asylum in Hungary. In Hungary he became an important figure in the country's political and cultural life. In 1964 he was deprived of his Greek nationality, which he regained in 1975 after the restoration of democracy in Greece. In 1979 his first retrospective exhibition in Greece took place in the National Art Gallery.
Edward J. Scott (born September 15, 1944) is an American soap opera producer. Born and raised in Santa Monica, California, Scott earned a B.A from California State University at Northridge with a double major of anthropology and broadcasting journalism. He has been married since 1985 to actress Melody Thomas Scott, who is best known for her role as Nikki Newman on The Young and the Restless. The couple, who have three daughters: Jennifer, Alexandra and Elizabeth, recently renewed their wedding vows on their 20th anniversary in an Entertainment Tonight special, ranked #1 in its timeslot.
Alfred Orendorff was born in Logan County, Illinois on July 20, 1845, the son of Joseph Orendorff and Elizabeth (Stevens) Orendorff. Joseph Orendorff was a farmer and a miller (his father, Alfred Orendorff's grandfather, Christopher Orendorff, built the first water-powered gristmill in the county). Joseph Orendorff died in 1853; with his mother, Alfred then moved to Lincoln, Illinois, where he attended normal schools. Alfred Orendorff was educated at Illinois Wesleyan University. During the American Civil War, he organized a company of the 123rd Illinois Volunteer Infantry Regiment and was commissioned as the company's captain. After the war, he attended Albany Law School, graduating in 1866.
A 31-year-old woman with Usher syndrome, Rebecca Alexander, was profiled in Marie Claire in November 2007. After graduating from the University of Michigan with excellent marks, Alexander went on to Columbia University, where she earned two master's degrees in public health and clinical social work. Rebecca is an active member of her community working with various charities in NYC. Rebecca's dedication as an active member of her community was most notably recognized when she was selected as a ``Community Hero'' to run with the Olympic Torch for the 1996 Atlanta Olympic Games in honor of her volunteer work for Project Open Hand, a non-profit organization delivering meals to people living with HIV/AIDS in the San Francisco Bay Area. Rebecca received her psychodynamic psychotherapy training through the American Institute of Psychoanalysis. She currently works in private practice specializing in the treatment of mood and anxiety disorders, eating disorders, addictions, disability, and trauma. While currently facilitating group seminars for the Foundation Fighting Blindness during national conferences, Rebecca is also in the process of launching the Usher III Initiative, a non-profit organization dedicated to science and research that seek to find a cure for Usher III. Rebecca teaches indoor cycling/spin classes with a strong following at select gyms in New York City. She was featured on NBC's Today Show on March 20, 2009 which has been nominated for an Emmy award in September 2010. She is the sister of NBC News National Correspondent Peter Alexander.
Kristina Olsson (born 1956) is an Australian writer, journalist and teacher. She studied journalism at the University of Queensland and went on to write for The Australian, The Courier-Mail and Sunday Mail, the Sydney Sunday Telegraph and Griffith Review.
George Petak (November 6, 1949) is a Republican Wisconsin politician.Born in Warren, Ohio, Petak graduated from Kent State University. He moved to Racine, Wisconsin, where he was a quality control manager. Petak was elected to the Racine School Board. In 1990, he was elected to the Wisconsin State Senate. In 1995, Petak, Republican,changed his vote on a controversial funding bill for the Miller Park stadium, after initially promising that he would vote against the bill. Petak's deciding vote supported the one-tenth of one percent sales tax. Nine months later, Petak was recalled from office. This resulted in Petak becoming the first Wisconsin legislator to be successfully recalled from office. In 2009, Petak opened a consulting business in Madison, Wisconsin.
Michael Ungar, (born June 18, 1963 in Montreal, Canada) is a researcher in the field of social and psychological resilience and is Principal Investigator for the Resilience Research Centre at Dalhousie University, in Halifax, Canada, where he is a professor at the School of Social Work, a post that he has held since 2001. He completed his MSW at McGill University in 1988 and his Ph.D. in Social Work at Wilfrid Laurier University in 1995.
Mary Jane Sherfey (1918-1983) was an American psychiatrist and writer on female sexuality, she received her medical degree from Indiana University, where she attended lectures on marriage and sexuality given by Alfred Kinsey. Sherfey had a private practice in New York City and was on the staff of the Payne Whitney Clinic of the New York Hospital -- Cornell Medical Center. In 1961, Sherfey's interest in female biology was intensified when she came upon the inductor theory, which demonstrated that the human embryo is female until hormonally ``induced'' to become male. Determined to popularize a fact that had lain in neglect since its discovery in the 1950s, Sherfey began researching the subject and familiarizing herself with a variety of disciplines, including embryology, anatomy, primatology and anthropology. Many of her findings appear in The Nature and Evolution of Female Sexuality, which initially took form as an article contesting the existence of vaginal orgasm, published in the Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association in 1966.
He was the son of Eugene Van Voorhis (ca. 1864-1943, son of John Van Voorhis) and Allis (Sherman) Van Voorhis. He graduated A.B. from Yale College in 1919. He was admitted to the bar in 1922, and commenced the practice of law at Rochester, New York. On June 2, 1928, he married Linda G. Lyon (ca. 1902-1989), and they had three children. He was Town Attorney of Irondequoit from 1928 to 1933, and in 1936.
Jason Michael Brescia (born 1986) is an American comedy writer and director from Malverne, New York. His first feature film was The Newest Pledge. He is a graduate of Chapman University.
Samuel Reber, Jr., was born on July 15, 1903, in East Hampton, New York, to a military family. His father U.S. Army Signal Corps Colonel Samuel Reber (1864--1933) was an 1886 graduate of West Point and his mother Cecelia Sherman Miles (1869--1952) was the daughter of a Lieutenant General. He attended Groton School and graduated from Harvard University in 1925, where he rowed on the eight-man crew.
Barbara Hall attended the University of Victoria in British Columbia but left two credits short of a degree to pursue community activism. She then moved to Nova Scotia to work with black families in rural areas. She worked in the small Nova Scotia community of Three Mile Plains as one of the first members of the Company of Young Canadians.
After finishing his secondary education in Nigeria at Atlantic Hall, Lagos, he moved to the United States for higher education both in SUNY Old Westbury and a year later, George Washington University. It was at this time that he met Uzikwendu and his brother, Ikechukwu, who was then an aspiring hip-hop artist out of Washington Heights, New York. The trio went on to form the World Famous Akademy, a brotherhood of musicians. They planned to grow into an independent record label but could not get their hands on the proper funds. Naeto C graduated in 2004 from the George Washington University with a B Sc. in Biology, intending to go study further and become a medical doctor. After some deep self-searching he changed his mind and decided to pursue his dream and develop his talent as a musician. In 2010 he was pursuing a masters degree in Energy Studies specializing in Energy Economics at the University of Dundee.
Joe Banner (born February 13, 1953) is a President for the Philadelphia Eagles. Banner, who is Jewish, attended the Rivers School in Massachusetts and studied economics at Denison University in Ohio. In 1975, he spent a semester interning at WCAU 1210 AM radio in Philadelphia; soon after, he was hired there as a sports producer and reporter.
Langley was educated at Jesus College, Cambridge, graduating B.A. in 1537--8. He was chaplain to Archbishop Cranmer, and vicar of Headcorn, Kent, in 1548, and may be identical with the Thomas Langley, Protestant reformer and exile, who was admitted into the English church and congregation at Geneva in 1556. Langley was rector of Boughton Malherbe, Kent, from 1557 to 6 October 1559, when Queen Elizabeth presented him to a canonry at Winchester. He was installed on 15 October following. On 7 December 1559 he was presented by the crown to the rectory of Welford, Berkshire.
Rita Dominic is a member of the Royal Waturuocha family of Aborh Mbaise local government area in Imo State. She is the youngest of 4 siblings. Her late parents were medical practitioners; her father was a medical doctor and her mother a nursing officer. Dominic completed her primary and secondary school in Abia State, Nigeria, before heading to the University of Port Harcourt, where she graduated with a BA (Honours) Degree in Theatre Arts in 1999.
The Parkers were married in 1791. Richard Parker was the son of a grain merchant and he attended Exeter School, giving him a level of education and prestige above his fellow sailors. Anne was the daughter of a Braemar farmer, growing up near Aberdeen, Scotland.
Bradley C. Harrison attended the United States Military Academy at West Point from 1990-1994. He graduated in the top 1% of his class in all three categories; academic, physical & military earning him a Distinguished Honor Graduate award and a B.S.E in Theoretical Economics. After graduation, Brad served for five years in the United States Army, earning both Airborne and Ranger qualifications and retiring as a Captain. After a successful military career, Brad attended the MIT Sloan School of Management from 1999-2001 where he graduated with an MBA in New Product and Venture Development. There he was elected by his peers to Sloan Student Senate, was President of the MIT Sloan Golf Club, Captain of Sloan Flag Football Team & Softball Team and active in the Venture Capital Club and Media Club.
Tacita Dean was born in Canterbury, in Kent. She was educated at Kent College, Canterbury. Her brother is architect Ptolemy Dean. She studied at Falmouth School of Art, graduating in 1988. From 1990--2, Dean studied for a Masters degree at the Slade School of Fine Art. Dean held her first solo exhibition The Martyrdom of St Agatha and Other Stories, at Galerija Skuc, Maribor, Slovenia.
Paul Klebnikov was born in New York to a family of Russian émigrés with a long military and political tradition; his great grandfather was an admiral in the White Russian fleet who was assassinated by Bolsheviks, and his great-great-great-grandfather Ivan Pouschine participated in the Decembrist revolt in 1825. Klebnikov attended St. Bernard's School and Phillips Exeter Academy, and graduated from the University of California, Berkeley in 1984. He wrote a doctoral thesis at the London School of Economics on Pyotr Stolypin, the reformist Tsarist prime minister.
1. Jay Marshall, an MLB relief pitcher for Oakland Athletics, the New York Mets, and the Chicago White Sox. He graduated from John F. Kennedy Catholic High School in 2001. He played baseball through high school as well. He also grew up in St. Louis, and has returned for several alumni events.
George H. Harvey was an American football coach. He served as the head football coach at Auburn University for four games in the fall of 1893, compiling a record of 2--0--2. D. M. Balliet had coached one game for Auburn earlier that year, in February. He was an alumnus of Cornell University.
Tina Chancey received her Bachelor's in Music and MA in performance from Queens College, City University of New York, her MA in Musicology from New York University, and her PhD in Musicology from Union Institute. She is currently Visiting Assistant Professor of Music at The College of William & Mary.
John Newte was born at Ottery St Mary in 1656, the son of Richard Newte. He was educated at Blundell's School and Balliol College, Oxford, later obtaining a fellowship at the College. He became Rector of Tidcombe and Pitt Portions, Tiverton, by 1679, and chaplain to Charles II.
Parker was born in Perth, Western Australia. His father was Stephen Henry Parker, a barrister and member of the Legislative Council, who later became the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Western Australia. His mother was Amy Leake, a member of the influential Leake family which included, among others, George Leake (1856--1902), the third Premier of Western Australia. He was educated at Hale School before being sent to Malvern College in England.
John W. Murphy was born in Avoca, Pennsylvania. He graduated from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania at Philadelphia in 1926 and from the law department of the same university in 1929. He served as assistant district attorney of Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania from 1934 to 1941.
In 1992 Lama Yeshe Jinpa graduated from the Professional School of Psychology in Sacramento. In 2000 he became a licensed psychotherapist and set up his psychotherapy practice in Sacramento. In May 2005 he became an ordained Buddhist monk at the Sera-je Monastery in India and was given the name Yeshe (primordial awareness) Jinpa (generosity), before returning to the states to teach Dharma and continue his therapy practice.
Songwriter Mekaal Hasan, born in Lahore, Pakistan, was surrounded by music since childhood. His father, Masood Hasan, passion for jazz music influenced him throughout his early years. After graduating from Government College, Lahore, Mekaal studied music at the Berklee College of Music, Boston and his stay there exposed him to a wide variety of music and musicians, many of whom are influences to this day.
In 1870 he earned his medical degree from the University of Pavia, where he studied as an alumnus of Borromeo College, and afterwards joined the staff of the Ospedale Maggiore in Milan. Later he was an instructor at the universities of Turin (from 1884) and Pavia (1899), and in 1900 was appointed professor of clinical medicine in Pavia. Today the Carlo Forlanini Institute in Rome is named in his honor. He was the older brother of aviation pioneer Enrico Forlanini (1848-1930).
Jon Lucas is an American screenwriter. He is a graduate of Yale University as well as an alumnus of Pingry School. He wrote several 2009 films, including The Hangover and Ghosts of Girlfriends Past.
Kwanza Hall graduated from Benjamin E. Mays High School in Atlanta. He attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology where he studied political science.
Born into a poor but educated family in Bobai (博白), Yulin, Guangxi, he was largely self-taught before entering the Tsinghua University in 1927. There he was taught by Yuen Ren Chao and Liang Qichao, among others. Encouraged by Chao, he went to Paris to study linguistics in 1927. There he devoted himself to the study of phonology, and attended the class in theoretical linguistics given by Joseph Vendryes. He earned his PhD from the University of Paris with experiments on the tones of the Bobai dialect, following the line of Liu Bannong.
Nicholas C. Yannelis is the current editor of Economic Theory. He obtained his PhD at the University of Rochester under the direction of Lionel McKenzie. He is also the Commerce Distinguished Alumni Professor of Economics at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and the Sir John Hicks Professor of Economic Theory at the University of Manchester.
Shahvaar Ali Khan graduated in Economics & International Studies from Trinity College in Hartford Connecticut after attending Cambridge Rindge & Latin School, MA, USA and Lahore Grammar School. After meandering from Investment Banking in New York to the Petroleum Industry in Pakistan the passion for music, entertainment, writing, an amalgamation of business acumen, people skills and penchant for creativity landed Shahvaar in Advertising. Shahvaar found the whole ad man lifestyle intriguing in the company of some extremely artistic peers and incisive clients, which helped him understand the pulse of the audience. Concurrently, Shahvaar started singularly focusing on his Music, singing, songwriting/writing since 2008 and did a soft/viral internet availability of his first song ``NO SAAZISH, NO JANG -- Peace NOT Pieces'' (NSNJ) on his website www.shahvaralikhan.com as a litmus test. Even without a Music Video-launching pad or a single advertising dollar spent on promoting NSNJ, Shahvaar found himself sharing print space with the likes of Shahrukh Khan and Michael Jackson as Front Page news on many Pakistani and Indian Newspapers/Magazines including The News Instep, The Times of India (Delhi/Bombay Times), The Hindu, The Daily Jang, MSN India, Yahoo India, The Asian Age -- Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, London, Deccan Chronicle, India, News Today, India, The Daily Siasat, India, USA Today, Hum Shehri (Urdu), Pakistan, India News (Hindi), Bombay Mid Day, Daily Pakistan (Urdu), etc. including a few Bollywood websites. However, despite the response, contrary to his expectations the struggle for Shahvaar had just begun. It took him close to two years to find the right concept and Director for his Music Video. In the meantime Shahvaar started writing for publications and opened his own Advertising Creative shop.
Ivan Sirakov (born January 2, 1988) is a Bulgarian orienteering competitor from Veliko Tarnovo, who has competed for Bulgaria at two World Orienteering Championships, in 2007 and in 2008. He obtained a bronze medal at the Junior World Orienteering Championships.
Howard Landis Bevis (November 19, 1885 -- April 24, 1968) was the 7th President of The Ohio State University. Bevis received a bachelors degree from the University of Cincinnati in 1908, a degree from University of Cincinnati College of Law in 1910 and a law degree from Harvard Law School in 1920. He went on to practice law in Cincinnati, Ohio and served on the faculty of the University of Cincinnati College of Law. The governor appointed Bevis to the Ohio Supreme Court in 1933 to fill a vacancy. Bevis did not run for election to a full term and accepted a position as Ziegler Professor in Law and Government on the faculty of Harvard in business and public administration. Bevis was Ohio state finance director before becoming President of Ohio State in 1940.
William Ruggles was born in Rochester, Massachusetts, about fifty miles south of present day Boston, on Tuesday September 5, 1797. He was the son of Elisha Ruggles and Mary Clap who also parented six other children: Nathaniel, Micah, Henry, Charles, James, and Lucy. William was the second youngest child in his family. Not much is known about his childhood growing up in Massachusetts until he enrolled in Brown University; where he later graduated from, at the age of twenty, in the class of 1820. Two years after graduating from Brown University, Ruggles became a tutor at Columbian College. On February 9, 1821 Congress chartered Columbian College, a nonsectarian school but with Baptist sponsorship that would not become the George Washington University until January 23, 1904. In 1824, two years after he became a tutor, Ruggles became a Professor of Mathematics and Natural Philosophy, a position he would retain until 1865. In 1827 William Ruggles became the chair of both mathematics and natural philosophy. In 1865 Ruggles was made professor emeritus. He continued to lecture on political economy and civil polity from 1865 to 1874. He died at Schooley's Mountain, New Jersey, on Monday, September 10, 1877, five days after his eightieth birthday.
Two weeks after the Bilek murder, detectives received information which identified Oak Grove High School graduate and San Jose City College student Karl F. Warner of San Jose as a ``suspicious man'' who frequented the vicinity where the Bilek murder occurred, and who had previously been a suspect in an unsolved knife assault on another woman. A search warrant was obtained, and the knife used in the Bilek murder was located on the premises of the Warner residence. The local authorities had already drawn a connection between the 1969 Furlong/Snoozy slayings and the Bilek murder, calling the latter ``a carbon-copy killing.'' In September, Karl F. Warner confessed to the murders of Furlong, Snoozy, and Bilek, and received a sentence of life-in-prison.
John Burland attended Parktown Boys' High School and then received a First Class Honours BSc degree in Civil Engineering from Witwatersrand University in 1959. Then he moved to the University of Cambridge where he carried out research in Soil Mechanics under the supervision of Professor Kenneth Roscoe which led to the award of a PhD degree in 1967. His thesis title was Deformation of soft clay. He then moved to Imperial College London where he served as Professor of Soil Mechanics for over 20 years and Head of the Geotechnics Section.
Batton, a Minden native, was the son of Mr. and Mrs. J. Bryant Batton, formerly of Dubberly in south Webster Parish. Bryant Batton was a former Webster Parish chief deputy sheriff and a two-term Minden police chief. Jack Batton graduated in 1932 from Minden High School, having played football in the fall of 1931. His first wife was the former Dorothy Alice Shurtleff (December 18, 1914--May 14, 1973), the daughter of A. C. Shurtleff (January 15, 1882 - September 16, 1928) and Cora Belle Shurtleff (February 1, 1888--December 16, 1960).
Jami Floyd received her political science degree from Binghamton University in 1986. She graduated with honors from the Boalt Hall School of Law at the University of California, Berkeley. She first served as a law clerk for the California Supreme Court before joining the law firm of Morrison & Foerster, where she was involved with both the practices of civil and criminal law. Floyd joined the Office of the San Francisco Public Defender, where she continued her work as a trial attorney, in 1993. Floyd holds a B.A. in political science from Binghamton University. Aside from her JD, Floyd also holds a Master of Laws degree from Stanford Law School, where she also served as a teaching fellow.
Shona Rapira Davies (born 1951) is a Great Barrier Island-based sculptor and painter of Ngati Wai Māori descent. She first studied at the Auckland College of Education, majoring in art, and later in Dunedin at Otago Polytechnic, graduating with a Diploma in Fine Arts in 1983. In 1989 she was awarded the prestigious Frances Hodgkins Fellowship and a residency for indigenous artists at the Banff Centre of the Arts in Canada.
Steve Spence (born May 9, 1962 in Elizabethtown, Pennsylvania) is a United States long-distance runner and coach. Among his accomplishments, he took a bronze medal at the 1991 World Championships in Athletics. He graduated from Lower Dauphin High School in Hummelstown, Pennsylvania where he ran track. He then attended Shippensburg University where he won numorous NCAA division two national titles in the 5000m run. Steve Spence is now the head Cross Country Coach and assistant Track Coach at Shippensburg University.
Darwin was born in Cambridge, England into a scientific dynasty, the son of the mathematician George Howard Darwin and the grandson of Charles Darwin. His mother was Maud du Puy of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. His elder sister was the artist Gwen Raverat, and his younger sister Margaret married Geoffrey Keynes, the brother of the economist John Maynard Keynes. His younger brother William Robert Darwin was a London stockbroker. Darwin was educated at Marlborough College and, in 1910, he graduated from Trinity College, Cambridge in mathematics.
Roger Moorey was educated at Mill Hill School, and read Modern History at Corpus Christi College, Oxford, Oxford. Between school and university he did his National Service, learning Russian in Intelligence, and serving in Cyprus. His time in Cyprus (with its fine archaeological heritage) probably reinforced a childhood interest in ancient history and may well have prompted his interest in the post of Assistant Keeper of Antiquities which became available at the time of his graduation in 1961.
Robinson attended Peach County High School in Fort Valley, Georgia, where he starred in football and track. In football, he won All-America and All-State honors as a wide receiver, free safety, and punter. In track, he won regional titles on the 100 and 200 meter dashes. He also played wide receiver at the University of South Carolina. Marcus Robinson is currently a gym teacher for a private school, Valeo Academy, in Hoffman Estates, IL. One of the phrases he says the most to his students is, ``Don't give up, even if you can't run it at least jog it.''
Of Cornish ancestry, Lloyd grew up in a family with great enthusiasm for music. He was mainly home-schooled because of rheumatic fever. He later studied violin with Albert Sammons and composition with Harry Farjeon. He was a student at Trinity College London. Lloyd showed his talent as a composer early. His first symphony, written at age 19, was premiered in 1933. A second symphony had its premiere in 1935 and was soon followed by a third. His first opera, Iernin, was performed in 1934 at Penzance. His second opera, The Serf, was staged by Vladimir Rosing at Covent Garden in 1938.
Klaus Wagner (March 31, 1910 -- February 6, 2000) was a German mathematician. He studied topology at the University of Cologne under the supervision of Karl Dörge, who had been a student of Issai Schur. Wagner received his Ph.D. in 1937, and taught at Cologne for many years himself. In 1970, he moved to the University of Duisburg, where he remained until his retirement in 1978.
He studied piano with George Copeland, harmony with Elliott Carter, counterpoint and fugue with Harold Shapero (1948-51). Sender attended the Conservatorio di Santa Cecilia in Rome and Columbia University where he studied with Henry Cowell. He also studied with Robert Erickson at the San Francisco Conservatory of Music (1959-62) and at Mills College where he studied with Darius Milhaud. Sender holds a B. Mus from the San Francisco Conservatory of Music and an M.A. from Mills College
Victor Lazzarini, born in Londrina, Brazil in 1969, is a composer and computer music researcher living in Ireland. After studying music in the local conservatory, Victor went on to study for his B.Mus. (Composition) at the State University of Campinas (UNICAMP), where he graduated in 1993. As an undergraduate, he studied with Almeida Prado, Damiano Cozzella, Livio Tragtenberg and Raul do Valle. In 1993 he was awarded a scholarship to pursue his Doctorate at the University of Nottingham, where he studied with Nick Sackman. In 1997, he went to work as a post-doctoral researcher at the Universidade Estadual de Londrina and in 1998 he was appointed Lecturer in Music at the National University of Ireland, Maynooth.
He enrolled at Harvard University in 1931 with his interests focused on archaeology. During 1932, Wauchope accompanied Alfred V. Kidder during excavations at Uaxactun, Guatemala. In 1938, he graduated from Harvard with a Ph.D. in anthropology, and took a job at the University of Georgia teaching anthropology courses and Southeastern prehistory. Wauchope Held his position for 18 months between 1939 and 1941. He is noted for being the first archaeology professor at the University of Georgia, though his career was predominantly at Tulane University.
Allan Lamb was born to British parents in Langebaanweg, South Africa. His father Mickey was a journeyman club bowler and his mother Joan was an ardent spectator who never willingly missed a match. He attended Wynberg Boys' High School and Abbots College where he played cricket to an 'outstanding' level.
Richmond Football Club player David Cloke attended Chadstone High School.
He earned his doctorate from the University of Salamanca in 2006. Since 2007, Pablo Galain Palermo has also been head of the Portugal section at the Max Planck Institute for Foreign and International Criminal law in Freiburg. He became an honorary professor at the law faculty of the Universidad Pablo de Olavide of Seville (Spain) in the same year.
Barttelot was born on 11 April 1855, the first son of Sir Walter Barttelot, 1st Baronet and Harriet Musgrave. He was educated at Eton College and subsequently served for some years in the 5th Dragoon Guards, in which he attained the rank of captain, retiring in 1879.
Kley was born Chaney Kley Minnis in Manassas, Virginia. Kley attended the Thomas Jefferson High School in Denver, Colorado, and the University of Colorado in Boulder, Colorado. He gained a BFA in acting. Kley majored in drama in college and began acting in the late 1990s.
Lisa Wiegand was born 1968, Royal Oak, Michigan, USA. She graduated in 1989 from Wayne State University, and obtained her MFA in cinematography from UCLA in 1998. In 1995, she received a Masters in Cinematography from the American Film Institute AFI.
Gu Su (顾肃, born April 1, 1955, Jiangsu, China), is a Chinese liberal political philosopher and was professor of Philosophy and Law at Nanjing University, China. After graduating from Nanjing University, he studied at Duke University between 1983 and 1986. After then he taught at Nanjing university as a faculty member. His main work is Essential Ideas of Liberalism, published in China and Taiwan several times, introducing main ideas of liberalism and their implications to Chinese political and social practice. He has edited a series of books and written many articles in the national press, newspapers, magazines and journals on political and legal issues. He was a Liberal Arts Fellow at Harvard Law School, and a visiting scholar at both the London School of Economics and the University of Melbourne. He is member of editorial Board of the journal NanoEthics.
Ken Hay, a native of California and a graduate of Oregon City High School, is the son of a Baptist pastor who took his sons to camp settings ``as soon as we were old enough to walk.'' Hay, who was athletic and 6' 3``, turned down several athletic scholarships to attend Bob Jones University, where he became a student leader and graduated in 1955 with a BA in Bible. He completed a master's degree at BJU in 1957. The following year he was named first director of the University's Institute of Christian Service (now the School of Applied Studies), a program for non-traditional students seeking to enter Christian ministries. He held this position for thirteen years. In 1975, BJU conferred on him an honorary Doctor of Laws.
John Burgan grew up in Kingston upon Hull, East Yorkshire where he attended Hymers College. He read English Language and Literature at Newcastle University from 1981 to 1984, then worked as a picture editor at the BBC before attending the National Film and Television School from 1989 to 1992. He was chosen by Richard Attenborough to receive the Student Award attached to his own 1992 Shakespeare Prize (Alfred Toepfer Stiftung F.V.S.). Previous recipients include director Sam Mendes.
Julia Gran was born in New York City. She attended the High School of Art and Design where she majored in animation. Julia graduated from Parsons School of Design.
Guy V. Lewis Court at Hofheinz Pavilion, often known as simply Hofheinz Pavilion, is an 8,500-seat multi-purpose arena on the University of Houston campus in Houston, Texas. Located at 3875 Holman Street, it is home to the University of Houston Cougars men's and women's basketball teams as well as the women's volleyball team. The building is named for the late wife, Irene Cafcalas ``Dene'' Hofheinz, of Houston politician, businessman and philanthropist Judge Roy Hofheinz, who is a UH alumnus, while the court is named for hall of fame and former Cougars coach Guy V. Lewis. The arena also contains an alcove dedicated to Basketball Hall of Famer Elvin Hayes, a Cougar player in the 1960s and NBA star in the 1970s. The arena opened in 1969. Like many arenas of its kind, the seating bowl of Hofheinz Pavilion is dug into the ground so that one enters the building at the top of the bowl. Hofheinz Pavilion has been renovated several times in recent years. In June 2010, the University of Houston announced its intention to undergo a $40 million renovation and expansion to Hofheinz Pavilion.
Perabo was born in Dallas, Texas and grew up in Toms River, New Jersey, the daughter of Mary Charlotte (née Ulland), a physical therapist, and George William Perabo, a professor of poetry at Ocean County College. Piper is of Portuguese and Norwegian descent. Her parents named her after actress Piper Laurie. She has two brothers: Noah (born May 1979), and Adam (born August 1981), and graduated summa cum laude from Ohio University in Athens, Ohio with a degree in theater.
Robert Von Ancken was born in Baldwin, Long Island and raised in Astoria, Queens. After a stint in the engineering program at CUNY, he received his degree from Baruch College in Real Estate and Business Administration. He attended graduate school at Baruch College with a specialization in Real Estate. He has subsequently received his MAI and CRE, and has become a member of the Royalty Institute of Counsellors and Surveyors.
Rod (J. Roderick) Coutts was born in Cookstown, Ontario. He graduated from University of Waterloo in 1964 with a Bachelor of Applied Science Degree in Electrical Engineering.
Kessler began his career as an actor. His first professional appearance was in the Philadelphia premiere of the play Waiting for Godot, appearing opposite Bruce Dern. He has subsequently appeared in several films, including James Dean (portraying Lee Strasberg, under whom he had studied at the Actors Studio).
Pamela Wojcik adds: Because of their tendency to substitute their personal feelings for those of the characters they were playing, Actors Studio performers were well suited to become Hollywood stars.... In short, Lee Strasberg transformed a socialistic, egalitarian theory of acting into a celebrity-making machine.... It does not matter who 'invented' Marlon Brando or how regularly or faithfully he, Dean, or Clift attended the Studio or studied the Method at the feet of Lee Strasberg. In their signature roles -- the most influential performances in the history of American films -- these three performers revealed new kinds of body language and new ways of delivering dialogue. In the pauses between words, in the language 'spoken' by their eyes and faces, they gave psychological realism an unprecedented charge. Verbally inarticulate, they were eloquent 'speakers' of emotion. Far less protective of their masculinity than earlier film actors, they enacted emotionally wounded and vulnerable outsiders struggling for self-understanding, and their work shimmered with a mercurial neuroticism... The Method-trained performers in films of the fifties added an enhanced verbal and gesture naturalism and a more vivid inner life.
Ilja Bergh led a colorful and turbulent life. His childhood took him from Berlin to Riga and Kiev, to Copenhagen. He received his first piano lessons in Kiev 1935-1937. After World War II, he was admitted to the Royal Danish Academy of Music, but was thrown out. Later he was admitted again and received his diploma in 1957.
Richard Benyo earned his B.A. at Bloomsburg State College (now Bloomsburg University) in 1968. He did academic work at George Mason University in Fairfax, Virginia.
Wayne Kirkpatrick is an American singer/songwriter and musician born in Baton Rouge, Louisiana but now lives in Nashville, Tennessee. He graduated from Baton Rouge Magnet High School in 1979.
Amitabh Mitra () is an Indian born South African physician, poet, and artist His paintings depict dramatized stick figures. He studied medicine and did his postgraduate studies in orthopedic surgery at the Gajara Raja Medical College, Jiwaji University, Gwalior, India. He further specialized in Aerospace medicine and Family medicine from the University of Pretoria, South Africa.
The son of Greek immigrants, was named Elias Papandricopoulos () but the doctor did not know how to spell Elias and thus he was named Luis Papan. Lou Papan spoke only Greek when he began elementary school. He served as a Sergeant in the U.S. Army during World War II and a First Lieutenant in the U.S. Air Force during the Korean War. He received his BA in Economics in 1951 from Syracuse University in New York. After graduating from Syracuse, Papan was a Special Agent in the FBI in San Francisco and Chicago. He became a real estate broker and general insurance agent in 1958 and co-founded the Peninsula Bank of Commerce in 1981.
Lorna McGhee is currently on faculty at the University of British Columbia. Previously she was the co-principal flute of the BBC Symphony Orchestra. She moved to Canada in 1998. Lorna has performed in many orchestras, such as the London Symphony Orchestra, Academy of St. Martin in the Fields, and Pittsburgh Symphony. Before teaching at UBC, McGhee taught at the University of Michigan.
Born in Los Angeles, California, Hector Dyer enrolled at the Stanford University and won the IC4A championships in in 1930.
Scott Melker is a DJ and musician living in New York City. Born and raised in Gainesville, Florida, Scott began playing the piano and singing at the age of 5. He won numerous piano competitions as a child. At the age of 18, Scott moved to Philadelphia to attend the University of Pennsylvania. Melker's DJ career began in Philadelphia, playing records at local nightclubs and college parties.
Brian D'Amato is an American author and sculptor. He received a BA from Yale University and an MA from the City University of New York.
Helen Sharsmith was born 1905 in Oakland, California. She received an AB and MA from University of California, Berkeley in 1927 and 1928, then worked as a high school and junior college teacher. She met her future husband, Carl Sharsmith, while taking a class in the Yosemite Outdoor Field School in Yosemite National Park. She and her husband married and both earned doctorates from University of California, Berkeley, hers in 1940.
W. Maynard Sparks earned a B.A. degree from (United Brethren) Lebanon Valley College in Annville, Pennsylvania. He earned a Bachelor of Divinity degree from his denomination's only seminary, United Theological Seminary in Dayton, Ohio. He went on to earn a Master of Education degree from the University of Pittsburgh.
Leon Vance, portrayed by Rocky Carroll, first appeared in the episode ``Internal Affairs'' as Assistant Director in Season 5. He is named Director after the death of Jenny Shepard. It has been revealed in the episode ``Knockout'' that he was originally from Ohio, but grew up in Chicago where he trained to be a boxer. In this episode, his wife stated that Vance attended the United States Naval Academy and was commissioned as a 2nd Lieutenant in the Marine Corps, but was forced to take a medical discharge before ever serving due to having undergone surgery to repair a detached retina suffered during his boxing career. However, at the end of the episode, Ducky reveals to Gibbs that Vance's close, childhood friend who had died just prior to the start of the episode also suffered a detached retina. In the course of this episode, Vance also revealed that it was this friend who decided that Vance should leave Chicago while the friend stayed behind. Vance said this despite his insistence to Gibbs that his friend was a Marine though there was no record of his friend's service in the military.
Hayat Ahmed Mohammed (born 1982) is the 2003 Miss World contender from Ethiopia. Her name in Arabic means ``life.'' Hayat Ahmed was Ethiopia's first representative to any Miss World pageant. At the time of the competition, she was a third-year student at the Unity University College pursuing a course in Information Management Systems.
Haywood Yancey Riddle was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives for the 4th congressional district of Tennessee. He was born on June 20, 1834 in Van Buren, Tennessee in Hardeman County. He completed preparatory studies and graduated from Union University in Murfreesboro, Tennessee in 1854. He was an adjunct professor of mathematics and languages at that institution. He graduated from Cumberland School of Law at Cumberland University in Lebanon, Tennessee in 1857 and was admitted to the bar in Ripley, Mississippi the same year.
He moved to Luxembourg when he was young and went to the American International School of Luxembourg along with fellow band member Brian Molko (though the two did not cross paths at this time). Olsdal began playing music in his school's orchestra in 1987. He completed his high school education in Sweden and moved to London with his parents, where he attended the Musicians Institute. He is openly gay and in a relationship with a Spanish man he said he met one week before the band was formed. He came out publicly in an interview in Melody Maker in 1996.
Howard Ebison is a 24-year old retail business manager from Ashtead, Surrey. He was educated at the state comprehensive Therfield School in Leatherhead, Surrey and at the University of Warwick, where he studied mathematics. An award-winning dancer, and area manager of ten pubs, Howard describes himself as 'a credible businessman who wants to go far'. He was the first project manager on the men's team, having led his team to victory on the first task. He was fired in week 10. Since then, he has become the business development manager of No.1 Traveller.
Eric Macfadyen was born in Whalley Range, Manchester the son of the Reverend John Macfadyen, a Congregationalist minister and his wife Elizabeth (née Anderson) who came from Greenock. Macfadyen attended Lynams Preparatory School, also called the Dragon School in Oxford from where he won a scholarship to go to Clifton College, Bristol. He later attended Wadham College, Oxford where he was president of the Union in 1902. In 1920, Macfadyen married Violet Lucy Stanley, daughter of E. H. S. Champneys, of Sellindge, Kent. They had three sons and three daughters.
Born into a mixed Jewish-Catholic family in London, Cohn was educated at Gresham's School and Christ Church, Oxford. He was a scholar and research student at Christ Church between 1933 and 1939, taking a first-class degree in Modern Languages in 1936. He served for six years in the British Army, being commissioned into the Queen's Royal Regiment in 1939 and transferring to the Intelligence Corps in 1944, where his knowledge of modern languages found employment. In 1941 he married Vera Broido, with whom he had a son, the writer Nik Cohn. In the immediate post-war period, he was stationed in Vienna, ostensibly to interrogate Nazis, but he also encountered many refugees from Stalinism, and the similarities in persecutorial obsessions evinced both by Nazism and Stalinism fueled his interest in the historical background for these ideologically opposed, yet functionally similar movements. After his discharge, he taught successively in universities in Scotland, Ireland, England, the United States and Canada.
James Dewar was born in Kincardine-on-Forth in 1842, the youngest of six boys. He lost his parents at the age of 15. He was educated at Dollar Academy and the University of Edinburgh, where he studied under Lord Playfair, and later became Lord Playfair's assistant. Dewar would also study under August Kekulé at Ghent.
Walter Henry Rothwell (22 September 1872 -- 13 March 1927) was an English conductor. He was born in London to an English father and an Austrian mother. After initial training from his mother, who had been a piano pupil of Friedrich Wieck, he entered the Royal Academy of Music in Vienna at the age of nine. On graduating from the Academy he undertook further studies in piano and composition in Vienna before becoming a coach at the Court Opera in that city. In this role he was discovered by an impressario named Pollini who brought him to Hamburg where he was assistant conductor to Gustav Mahler.
Cecil L. Collins (April 21, 1926 - September 30, 2007) is the former Mayor of North Augusta, South Carolina, U.S., from 1967--1971 and a member of the South Carolina House of Representatives from 1972-1977. He was born and raised in Fort Valley, Georgia, U.S., and served in the Naval Air Corps during World War II. He attended the University of Georgia and graduated in 1950 with a degree in agronomy. Collins opened up the first wholesale florist in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., in 1954, which is still being run by three of his sons (Georgia State Floral Distributors). His civic activities included the Optimist Club, Dixie Youth Baseball, American Legion Post 71, Grace United Methodist Church, The University of Georgia Heritage Society, as well as co-chairing the North Augusta High School Stadium fund raising committee. He was awarded the highest honor given by the state of South Carolina, the Order of the Palmetto, for his dedication and leadership to his constituents. In addition to his political and civic work, Collins permanently endowed a fund at the University of Georgia within the Department of Horticulture.
Mary, the eldest daughter, entered the Ursuline convent, Mt. Benedict, near Charlestown, Massachusetts, as Sister Mary Benedicta, 15 August 1826, and died in the convent of the order in Quebec, 9 May 1844. Abigail, Susan, and Josephine also became Ursulines. The first died in Quebec, 8 December 1879, and Susan in the convent at Three Rivers, Canada, 24 January 1837. Samuel, the son, graduated at Georgetown College in 1831 and immediately entered the Society of Jesus. After his novitiate he was sent to Rome, where he was ordained. He returned to Georgetown in 1840, and died, aged fifty years, at St. Thomas's Manor, Maryland, 23 February 1864.
In 1994 Moses received an MBA from Pepperdine University and was inducted into the National Track and Field Hall of Fame.
Lincoln graduated from Phillips Exeter Academy in 1860, then studied at Harvard University from 1861 to 1864, where he was a member of Delta Kappa Epsilon (Alpha chapter). (Later in life, Lincoln also joined the Delta Chi fraternity.) He then enrolled in Harvard Law School but did not graduate. Much to the embarrassment of the President, Mary Todd Lincoln prevented Robert Lincoln from joining the Union Army until shortly before the war's conclusion in 1865. He held the rank of captain, serving in the last weeks of the American Civil War as part of General Ulysses S. Grant's immediate staff, a position which sharply minimized the likelihood that he would be involved in actual combat. He was present at Appomattox when Lee surrendered. Lincoln had a distant relationship with his father, in part because Abraham Lincoln spent months on the judicial circuit during his formative years. Robert would later say his most vivid image of his father was of his packing his saddlebags to prepare for his travels through Illinois. Abraham Lincoln was proud of Robert and thought him bright, but also saw him as something of a competitor, and once said, ``he guessed Bob would not do better than he had.'' The two lacked the strong bond Lincoln had with his sons Willie and Tad, but Robert deeply admired his father and wept openly at his deathbed.
Ayass was born to an English mother and an Arabic father. He was educated at Brighton College and Royal Holloway, University of London, where he received an Honours degree in History (Medieval and Modern) and was one of the founder members of the award-winning student radio station, Insanity. Here, Ayass hosted the breakfast show ``The Morning After'', which once famously involved a prank phone call utilising the talents of contemporary André Walker, which ended up inadvertently getting through to Downing Street. The show was originally going to be called ``Dean Ayass's Breakfast Jihad'' but the Royal Holloway Student Union refused to endorse this. Dean is still in contact with many alumni from Insanity such as Richard Clarke, Matt Deegan, Hugh Willoughby and Jenny Monaghan.
Sir Frederick Banting Secondary School has produced the Canadian olympic athletes Jason Tunks, three-time Summer olympian discus-thrower, heptathlete Jessica Zelinka, and speed skater Christine Nesbitt, gold-medalist at the 2010 Winter Olympics in women's 1000 m and silver-medalist at the 2006 Winter Olympics in the women's team pursuit. Jude St. John, a Grey Cup-winning Canadian football player, also attended Sir Frederick Banting Secondary School as well as NHL players Mike Van Ryn & Steve Rucchin. Alan Coulter played 13 years on the Canadian National Men's Volleyball Team and was captain part of those years.
Ken Twohy (born January 7, 1970 Seattle) is an American film director, screenwriter and film producer. He attended college at Saint Mary's College of California, graduating with a bachelor business administration, and was the founder of SMCTV, St Mary's College Television Station. Twohy then studied at University of Southern California in Graduate Film Studies. He graduated from Loyola Marymount University with a masters of Fine Arts in Communication and Film. His short film Bullhead was sold to Landmark Theatres.
Gil Garcetti received a bachelor's degree in Management from the University of Southern California and a Juris Doctor from the University of California, Los Angeles.
Paul McGuire was one of the first radio talk show hosts in the nation to broadcast his shows in both English and Spanish, in order to reach a large and growing Latino audience in Southern California. Paul McGuire frequently had nationally known attorney's and legal defense guests on his show including Brad Dacus of the Pacific Justice Institute, the Alliance Defense Fund, and John Whitehead of the Rutherford Institute. In addition, Paul McGuire regularly had high level guests from the Defense Department, Department of State, and the White House on his program. In an effort to be balanced, Paul McGuire often had guests with opposing points of view on the show. Paul McGuire received the distinguished Excellence In Media Award from the Pacific Justice Institute at a ceremony that honored media personalities such as Paul McGuire and Fred Barnes of the Fox News Network.
Robert Lacy is an American writer, of short stories. He was born and raised in East Texas, and served in the United States Marines. He graduated from the Iowa Writers' Workshop, where he was a student of Richard Yates. He lives in Medicine Lake, Minnesota.
Frederick was born Jesse Frederick James Conaway in Salisbury, Maryland and was raised in Seaford, Delaware. He was the youngest of two children. His brother, Everett Thomas (Tommy) Conaway, Jr., 4 years his senior, died of Cystic Fibrosis at 12 years of age. In his early childhood, Jesse was familiarly known as ``Freddy'' before legally dropping the James Conaway from his name in his later teens. This was done in an attempt to distinguish himself from the legacy of his father, Everett T. ``Conny'' Conaway, Sr. (1915-2010). Conny was a prominent figure in the poultry processing industry. During his unprecedented 70-year career, the senior Conaway designed and built some of the earliest processing plants for Allen Family Foods, Frank Perdue and Preston Townsend, all of which are still operating today. In early adolescence, Jesse attended Massanutten Military Academy for two years. Once he entered high school, Conny put him to work, hoping to groom a protege in the industry. Jesse learned about the processing of poultry first hand as a plant laborer at many of Conny's factories on the East Coast.
Edward Young Higbee was born in 1810 in Mount Holly Township, New Jersey, the son of Rev. Daniel Higbee and his wife Beulah Hollinshead. He was educated at General Theological Seminary from which he graduated in 1829.
Black activists had begun to build a case to challenge state bus segregation laws around the arrest of a 15-year-old girl, Claudette Colvin, a student at Booker T. Washington High School in Montgomery. On March 2, 1955, Colvin was handcuffed, arrested and forcibly removed from a public bus when she refused to give up her seat to a white man. She claimed that her constitutional rights were being violated. At the time, Colvin was active in the NAACP Youth Council, a group to which Parks served as Advisor.
William Wallace had already embarked on his academic and political career and had served briefly as Lecturer in the Department of Government at the University of Manchester. Helen Wallace continued her studies at the University of Manchester (1969--73), where she completed her doctoral thesis under the title, The Domestic Policy-making Implications of the Labour Government's Application for Membership of the EEC. She obtained a Certificate of Advanced European Studies at the College of Europe in 1968.
Seiji Takaku is Professor of Psychology and Institutional Research and Assessment Coordinator at Soka University of America (SUA). He was previously Assistant Professor of Psychology at Minnesota State University, Mankato from 2000 - 2002. He received his B.A. from University of California, Los Angeles, his M.A. from California State University, Long Beach, and his Ph.D. from Claremont Graduate University.
Thomas Hyde Page attended the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich, receiving a gold medal from King George III.
Edward Amy graduated from the Royal Military College of Canada in Kingston, Ontario in 1939, student # 2510.
Travis Wilson attended Creekview High School where, during his senior year, he was rated as one of the nation's top 25 receivers, setting his school's season records with 42 catches for 1098 yards and fourteen touchdowns. Wilson also competed as a cornerback, intercepting four passes and recording 17 tackles. He also returned five kickoffs for 166 yards, including an 87-yard kickoff return for a touchdown and a 77-yard punt return for a touchdown.
Goldwyn was born in Los Angeles, California, the daughter of writer Peggy Elliott Goldwyn and film producer Samuel Goldwyn, Jr. Goldwyn's paternal grandparents were movie mogul Samuel Goldwyn and film actress Frances Howard. She is the sister of actor Tony Goldwyn and producer John Goldwyn. Goldwyn attended School of Visual Arts in New York City where she received a B.F.A degree in Photography with a minor in Art History.
Denys Cowan is a 1979 graduate of the High School of Art and Design in New York City.
Harry Holt (born December 29, 1957 in Harlingen, Texas) was a football player in the CFL for five years and in the NFL for five years. Holt played tight end for the British Columbia Lions from 1978--1982, the Cleveland Browns from 1983--1986 and the San Diego Chargers in 1987. He played college football at the University of Arizona. He signed to play for U of A in 1976 while playing high school football at Sunnyside High School in Tucson, Arizona.
Ellis R. Dungan (11 May 1909 - 1 December 2001) was an American film director, who was well known for working in Indian films, predominantly in Tamil cinema, from 1936 to 1950. He was an alumnus of the University of Southern California and moved to India in 1935. During his film career in South India, Dungan directed the debut films of several popular Tamil film actors, such as M. G. Ramachandran in Sathi Leelavathi, T. S. Balaiya and N. S. Krishnan
Ma Zhaoxu was born in September 1963 in Heilongjiang Province. He graduated from Peking University with a degree in international relations. In 1986, he participated in the inaugural Asian college students debating competition organized by the Singapore Broadcasting Corporation (SBC) and won the ``best debater'' award, becoming well known to PRC college students at the time.
Eric Deis received his MFA from the University of California, San Diego in 2004. Deis is currently lives and works in Vancouver, B.C..
The older of two children born to two teachers, Colin Cheong attended Victoria School, Anderson Secondary School, Hwa Chong Junior College, Ngee Ann Polytechnic and National University of Singapore.
Kae Sun or Kwaku Darko-Mensah Jnr. is a Ghanaian-Canadian singer-songwriter. Kae Sun's music has hints of soul, folk and hip-hop creating a sound that is sometimes described as urban folk. Kae Sun's debut album Lion On A Leash, was released on October 5, 2009 to very favorable reviews. Kae Sun immigrated from Ghana to Canada in his teens after graduating from the renowned Achimota School in Accra where he first started performing. He studied Multimedia and Philosophy at McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario. The ``tastemaker'' music website Okayplayer described the emerging artist as , ``a poetic observer of the human experience, his music is designed to touch without suffocating the listener with faux illusions of authenticity or grandeur''.
His father was producer and inventor Max O. Miller. He attended Los Angeles Valley College, UCLA, and Sherwood Oaks College. Miller wrote about cinema for American Cinematographer and other publications, and he owned and managed Fotos International.
Born in Loughborough, he was the second son and third child of William Yates, a shoemaker, and his wife Ann, ardent members of the Baptist communion. He was educated at Loughborough Grammar School in the town, where he showed an aptitude for languages (Latin and Greek).
In 1941, Ralph Lazo is a 16-year-old student at Belmont High School, an ethnically mixed school in downtown Los Angeles. When Pearl Harbor is bombed, Ralph's Japanese American friend, Jimmy Matsuoka, and his family, are forced to sell their belongings and evacuate to a remote concentration camp. Ralph surprises his friends at the train station as they are about to depart for Manzanar, a relocation center in central California. He joins them for the 5-hour train ride, the three-year stay, and a life-long friendship.
William E. Wallace (1917--2004), known as Ed Wallace to his friends and associates, was a preeminent physical chemist whose career coincided with the golden age of chemistry. He received a bachelor's degree in chemistry from Mississippi College in 1936, and a Ph. D. in Physical Chemistry from the University of Pittsburgh in 1941. As many prominent scientists of his era, he worked on the Manhattan Project during the Second World War, but he returned to the University of Pittsburgh as a faculty member in 1945. He remained there for the rest of his career, eventually becoming the fourth chairman of the chemistry department from 1963--1977, and then a Distinguished Service Professor Emeritus. He formally retired from the university in 1983, but his research continued. He was associated with the Mellon Institute of Industrial Research, and he started a research corporation (Advanced Materials Corporation) in the Oakland section of Pittsburgh with offices on an upper floor of a building on North Bellefield Avenue, midway between the University of Pittsburgh and Carnegie Mellon University. He was accustomed to taking the stairs to his office, sometimes two at a time, while his younger colleagues struggled to keep up with him.
Chris Rose is a New Orleans, Louisiana, writer. For years best known for light-hearted writing in the Times-Picayune, he gained greater attention for his chronicles of the effect of Hurricane Katrina on New Orleans since 2005. He left the paper in late 2009, and joined the New Orleans alternative weekly paper, Gambit Weekly, in mid February 2010. He moved to WVUE Fox News 8 a year later (http://www.fox8live.com/content/entertainment/chris_rose/default.aspx), where he now delivers his pungent commentary on New Orleans life by video and column. Rose graduated from the Georgetown Preparatory School in 1978 and received a journalism degree from the University of Wisconsin-- Madison in 1982. After a stint as a staff writer at the Washington Post, he joined the Times-Picayune as a crime reporter in 1984. Over the years, he has covered national politics, economics, Southern regionalism, pop culture, and New Orleans nightlife, traditions, lifestyles and entertainment.
On May 1, 2006, Thome returned to Cleveland to play his first game as a visitor at Jacobs Field. The ``loud boos Thome heard in each of his six at-bats'' were in ``sharp contrast'' to the ``exhilarating reaction Johnny Damon received from Red Sox Nation upon his return to Fenway Park with the Yankees.''
Dolph Stanley (January 23, 1905 -- July 9, 1990) was an American basketball player and coach. Nicknamed the ''Silver Fox'', Stanley is best known for holding the ``unbreakable'' record of guiding five different Illinois High School Association (IHSA) schools into the state tournament. He gained national prominence by coaching Beloit College to a 238--57 basketball record from 1945 to 1957 while guiding them to an NIT berth and a final AP Rank of #16 in 1951. Collectively, Stanley coached six high school teams as well as Beloit College, compiling 943 total victories (705 high school, 238 college). He finished his career in 1989 at Keith Country Day School in Rockford.
Louis Agricola Bauer, (January 26, 1865 -- April 12, 1932) was an American astronomer and magnetician, born in Cincinnati, Ohio. He graduated from the University of Cincinnati in 1888, and immediately started work for the United States Coast and Geodetic Survey. During 1895-1896 he was instructor in mathematical physics at the University of Chicago, after which he worked in various positions at different locations. The most important of these was as the first director of the of Terrestrial Magnetism of the Carnegie Institution of Washington, which was established in 1904. In this position, he set up and carried out a large-scale program of two and a half decades to map the Earth's magnetic field on land and at sea in an attempt to provide accurate, up-to-date information about this important feature.
Julian Lawrence is a Canadian cartoonist. He was born in England and raised in Quebec. He is an instructor at Emily Carr University of Art and Design and part of the musical group July Fourth Toilet. Lawrence was awarded a Xeric Grant in 2000.
Happy Day is a live album by British worship leader Tim Hughes. In September 2008, Hughes attended Shepherds Bush Empire in London, England to record a live concert album and DVD. 2,000 fans attended the event. The album was released on 14 March 2009, to many positive reviews. British guitarist Stu G of Delirious? also performed at the event, and a duet of 'Here I Am To Worship' was performed with Martin Smith. Rap act 29th Chapter also dueted with Hughes on the song 'Dance'.
Born in Memphis, Tennessee, Melissa Brown attended Keuka College and graduated with a B.S. in Nursing in 1972. With a strong interest in education, she has been on the Keuka College Board of Trustees since 1992 and was elected chair in 2010. She subsequently received her Masters Degree in Nursing from Emory University and then taught on the faculty at the University of Pennsylvania.
He graduated from Williams College in 1799. Then he studied law at Albany, New York, was admitted to the bar in 1807, and practiced in Watertown. He married Rebecca Pearce, and their children were Anthony Ten Eyck, Catherine Ten Eyck, Lydia Maria (Ten Eyck) Mullin (married to Judge Joseph Mullin), Robert Ten Eyck and Egbert Ten Eyck.
Born in Taiwan, he moved to Singapore when he was nine years ago. Always excelling in his studies, Lee Teng attended Victoria School, Victoria Junior College and graduated from the Nanyang Technological University with a degree in accountancy. He was a schoolmate of popular TV actress, Felicia Chin at Victoria Junior College where he was a school representative in basketball.
Born at Grosvenor Square, London, Carnarvon was the eldest son of Henry Herbert, 3rd Earl of Carnarvon, by his wife Henrietta Anna, daughter of Lord Henry Howard-Molyneux-Howard. The Hon. Auberon Herbert was his younger brother. He was educated at Eton and Christ Church, Oxford. In 1849 he succeeded his father in the earldom. His nickname was ``Twitters'', apparently on account of his twitchy behaviour.
Nelson F. Gibbs was born in Rochester, New York. He was educated at Clarkson University, receiving a bachelor's degree in civil engineering in 1959. From 1959 to 1962, he served as an officer in the United States Army. He also earned a M.S. in industrial management from Purdue University in 1962.
Hammy McMillan (born 13 July 1963) is a Scottish curler and world champion. He won a gold medal as skip for the Scottish team at the 1999 Ford World Curling Championships in Saint John, New Brunswick. He has received five gold medals at the European Curling Championships. He played third for the Tom Brewster rink before forming his own team.
Iwuoma's parents were Nigerian immigrants. Chidi Iwuoma attended Pasadena High School in Pasadena, California. He then attended the University of California, Berkeley where he played football. At California, Iwuoma returned kicks and punts while also playing cornerback.
At age six, Nick Sagan's greeting, ``Hello from the children of planet Earth,'' was recorded and placed aboard NASA's Voyager Golden Record. Launched with a selection of terrestrial greetings, sights, sounds and music, the Voyager I and Voyager II spacecraft have since left the solar system and are now the most distant human-made objects in the universe. He went to The Mirman School as a child and received his bachelor's degree from the University of California, Los Angeles.
Peter Goin was born in Madison, Wisconsin in 1951. He grew up a third culture kid, spending time in Indonesia, Turkey, and Brazil as a child and young adult. Goin received his MA and MFA from the University of Iowa. He moved to Nevada in 1984. He became fascinated with the basin-and-range environment--much of Nevada belongs to the Bureau of Land Management and is removed from private ownership making it open for camping, exploring, and photographing. The focus of his work is the American West and specifically the Nevada landscape.
Kyle Clifton, formerly of the NFL New York Jets, graduated from Bridgeport High School in 1980 after having been born in Olney, Texas. Although he played linebacker at Texas Christian University and then the Jets, Clifton played quarterback for the Bridgeport Bulls his junior and senior years leading the Bulls to a 9-1 record in the former (losing only to Bowie at home). He was a third round draft pick of the Jets and played with the team his entire career which lasted thirteen seasons from 1984-1996.
Born in 1963 in Northolt in West London, Michael Liebreich was raised in Acton. He attended Silverdale Prep School followed by Colet Court and St Paul's of London. He graduated in 1984 with First Class Honours from Christ's College, Cambridge, where he specialized in Mechanics, Fluid Dynamics, Thermodynamics and Nuclear Engineering. In 1990 he graduated from Harvard Business School, where he was a Baker Scholar and was awarded a Harkness Fellowship by the Commonwealth Fund of New York.
Biography: Daliah Wachs was born in Los Angeles, CA on June 16, 1971. She later grew up in Phoenix, Arizona and Las Vegas, NV with her sister and two younger brothers. Having received a full academic scholarship to the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, she enrolled in the Honors Program in the Fall of 1989. Graduating Cum Laude, she then went to medical school at the University of Nevada, Reno. Needing to move to Los Angeles her final year of school, she completed her studies at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA). She married Corey Wachs in December of 1996. In 1997 she transferred back to Las Vegas for Residency training in Family Medicine. The next year she received her medical license in Arizona and began working as an Urgent Care Physician in Bullhead City, AZ and an Emergency Room Physician in Lake Havasu City, AZ. As she continued her residency training in Family Medicine, she became Chief Resident and graduated in 2000. She received her license in Nevada at that time and became Board Certified shortly thereafter. She soon opened her practice with her husband, Corey, a chiropractic physician in October of 2000. Earlier that year, she gave birth to her first son Stone, and in 2002 her second son, Broc, was born.
Gerard Toal (; born 1962 in the Republic of Ireland) is Professor of Government and International Affairs and Director of the Government and International Affairs program, Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University, National Capital Region campus. Toal grew up in the border region of Ireland, in the village of Smithborough, County Monaghan. He received a B.A. in History and Geography from National University of Ireland, Maynooth with First Class Honours in 1982. He obtained a M.A. in Geography from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1984 and a Ph.D. in Political Geography from Syracuse University in 1989. John O'Loughlin in Illinois and John A. Agnew in Syracuse, were his academic advisors. Following his Ph D, Toal was hired in 1989 as Assistant Professor of Geography at Virginia Tech in Blacksburg where he worked for ten years before moving to the Washington DC region to establish what became the Government and International Affairs program in the School of Public and International Affairs.
Ahmed Sani Stores was born in Kangiwa ward in Katsina city. He was educated at North East Worcestershire College, Bromsgrove, London, and became a financial and export consultant. He has experience in Solar and Wind power generation. While based in London, in 2003 he was one of the founders of the Foundation for Good Governance and Development in Nigeria.
Wozniak met Steve Jobs when fellow Homestead High School student, Bill Fernandez, introduced them to each other. In 1970, they became friends when Jobs worked for the summer at Hewlett-Packard, where Wozniak was working on a mainframe computer. According to Wozniak's autobiography, iWoz, Jobs had the idea to sell the computer as a fully assembled printed circuit board. Wozniak, at first skeptical, was later convinced by Jobs that even if they were not successful they could at least say to their grandkids they had had their own company. Together they sold some of their possessions (such as Wozniak's HP scientific calculator and Jobs's Volkswagen van), raised USD $1,300, and assembled the first prototypes in Jobs's bedroom and later (when there was no space left) in Jobs' garage. Wozniak's apartment in San Jose was filled with monitors, electronic devices, and some computer games Wozniak had developed, similar to SuperPong but with voice overs to the blips on the screen. By 1971, one year after enrolling, Wozniak withdrew from the University of California, Berkeley and developed the computer that eventually made him famous. By himself he designed the hardware, circuit board designs, and operating system for the Apple I. With the Apple I design, he and Jobs were largely working to impress other members of the Palo Alto-based Homebrew Computer Club, a local group of electronics hobbyists very interested in computing, one of several key centers which established the home hobbyist era, essentially creating the microcomputer industry over several years. Unlike other Home Brew competitors, the Apple had an easy-to-achieve video capability that immediately created buzz and drew a crowd when it was unveiled.
Jesse Boyd was born in Greenville, North Carolina. Boyd's skills for improvisation had their roots in Church, where his father was a minister. At the age of 12 years, Jesse recorded his first album with his family. The same year he also recorded several other gospel albums. At age 18, he moved to Los Angeles, where he discovered the possibilities of rock and played with many touring bands. Back in New Orleans, he went back to a more acoustic sound and started to play upright bass again. Not only did he return to play Jazz, but also Classical music. During his time as an undergraduate in Loyola University New Orleans he studied with Betsy Heston. He studied with Bill Huntington and Ellis Marsalis at University of New Orleans, where he obtained a Master's degree in Jazz Studies.
Shannan Ponton is one of two personal trainers on the Australian version of The Biggest Loser. He made his first appearance during the show's second season in 2007, where he trained the blue team alongside Bob Harper. After Bob's departure during the second week of training, Shannan was left as the official trainer of the blue team, and he continued his role as the blue team's trainer during the show's third season in 2008. He attended Muirfield High School in North Rocks, New South Wales.
Shawn Churchill is the sports director for CTV Winnipeg and a sports anchor and reporter for The Sports Network. Churchill has also worked at CKX-TV then moved to A Winnipeg to work as their sports anchor and sports reporter. His career has found him covering multiple Grey Cups, World Curling Championships, Pan Am Games and the Memorial Cup. Churchill graduated from Red River College from their creative commons programme.
Frederic's early studies where at private schools, and with his father at home. He became curator of ornithology at the Essex Institute in Salem in 1856. That year he published List of the Birds of Essex County. A visit of Louis Agassiz to Salem, who appreciated his abilities, resulted in his taking his college studies at the Lawrence Scientific School of Harvard University, where he was a student of Agassiz at the Museum of Comparative Zoology which was also part of Harvard. He graduated from Harvard in 1862. Putnam's early work as a naturalist was done with fellow students he had first met while studying under Agassiz, Edward Sylvester Morse, A. S. Packard and Alpheus Hyatt. These four were later the founders of the American Naturalist in 1867. Putnam originated The Naturalist's Directory in 1865.
Michael Lent is a visual artist and curator. He was the creator and publisher of Toby Room which featured interviews and work by contemporary artists. His direction of the arts organization ArtRod led to the creation of the Tollbooth Gallery, which he curated with fellow artist Jared Pappas-Kelley. Lent studied at the Tyler School of Art of Temple University in Elkins Park, Pennsylvania, Goddard College in Plainfield, Vermont, and the University of Lincoln, in England.
Douglas Bourgeois (born 1951) is an American sculptor and figurative painter who was born in Gonzales, Louisiana and grew up in St. Amant, Louisiana. He received a BFA from Louisiana State University in 1974.
G. Philip Hughes was born on September 7, 1953, in Dayton, Ohio. He received a B.A. from the University of Dayton in 1972, two M.A.s from Tufts University in 1974 and 1975, and an M.P.A. from the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University in 1978.
Josh Inman (born March 13, 1980) is an American rower. He won a bronze medal in the men's eight at the 2008 Summer Olympics. Inman was raised in Oregon where he graduated from Hillsboro High School and Oregon State University. He recently won the Steward's Cup at the Henley Royal Regatta and works for Jagtag in Princeton, New Jersey He was a member of the Oregon State Beavers men's rowing team while at OSU.
Frederick Irving was born in Providence, Rhode Island on May 2, 1921. He studied at Classical High School, where he met his future wife, Dorothy. He was educated at Brown University, receiving an A.B. in political science in 1943.
Virginia Yip received her B.A. in linguistics at the University of Texas at Austin and her Ph.D. from the University of Southern California. She is the author of Interlanguage and Learnability: from Chinese to English (Benjamins) and co-author of a series of works on Cantonese grammar published by Routledge: Cantonese: A Comprehensive Grammar (which has been translated into Japanese), Basic Cantonese and Intermediate Cantonese. She and her team have created the Hong Kong Bilingual Child Language Corpus, the first longitudinal bilingual corpus in which Cantonese is represented along with English, and the largest multimedia bilingual corpus in the Child Language Data Exchange System (CHILDES) based at Carnegie Mellon University.
Pharrell Williams was born on April 5, 1973, in Virginia Beach, Virginia, the eldest of three sons of Carolyn, a teacher, and Williams, a handyman. He met Chad Hugo in a seventh-grade summer band camp where Williams played the keyboards and drums and Hugo played tenor saxophone. They were also both members of a marching band; Williams played the snare drum while Chad was student conductor. With Hugo, Williams attended Princess Anne High School where they played in the school band; there he got the name Skateboard P.
Nick Bunkley is a reporter for The New York Times. He reports of business news, especially in the automobile industry, and writes the ``Wheels'' blog on the New York Times website. Bunkley previously reported for The Detroit News and The Northwest Herald. He attended the University of Michigan.
Coll (birth name: Ivonne Coll Mendoza ) was born in Fajardo, Puerto Rico where she received her primary and secondary education. She was an honor student and graduated from ``Nuestra Señora del Pilar'' school. She then enrolled in the University of Puerto Rico (Universidad de Puerto Rico) where she studied Social Sciences.
After attending CEGEP in sciences, Jean Ouimet studied mathematics at McGill University and the Université de Montréal before studying philosophy at the Université du Québec à Montréal. After five years of university, research in cognitive sciences and complexity followed.
Ken Gillespie was educated at Inala State High School in Brisbane and enlisted in the Australian Army in 1968 as an apprentice. He graduated from the Officer Cadet School, Portsea, in 1972, gaining a commission in the corps of the Royal Australian Engineers.
The Honourable Richard Brown was appointed by Premier Robert Ghiz as Minister of Environment, Energy and Forestry on January 13, 2009. He previously served as Minister of Innovation and Advanced Learning from April 3, 2008. He was appointed as Minister of Development and Technology June 12, 2007. Minister Brown was first elected to the Prince Edward Island Legislative Assembly in a by-election in the riding of Charlottetown-Kings Square in November, 1997. He was subsequently elected in September, 2003 and again in May, 2007. Prior to his election to the Legislative Assembly, he was recognized as a highly-effective member of Charlottetown City Council. Minister Brown has served as Opposition Critic for the Provincial Treasury, Development and Technology, Labour, Energy and the Environment. He has also sat on a number of Legislative Committees, including the Standing Committee on Agriculture, Forestry and the Environment, the Standing Committee on Community Affairs and Economic Development and the Standing Committee on Privileges, Rules and Private Bills. Minister Brown completed his Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration at the University of Prince Edward Island, and also has a Public Administration Certificate from the same institution. Along with his responsibilities as an elected official, he has worked for several years in the Information Technology sector. He and his wife Kathy live on Fitzroy Street in Charlottetown with their two children, Leslie and Richard.
Angie Loy (born April 23, 1982 in Loysville, Pennsylvania) is a field hockey forward from the United States, who earned her first career cap versus Ireland on January 14, 2004 at Stanford, California. Loy attended the Old Dominion University. She was raised in rural Perry County, PA and attended West Perry High School in Elliottsburg, PA. On September 25, 2008 the West Perry Field Hockey team retired Loy's high school hockey jersey (#3). She is the first player to have her jersey retired by the field hockey team and the fourth player ever to have their jersey retired at West Perry High School.
Professor Gary Ferguson is a specialist of French Renaissance literature and culture at the University of Delaware in the USA. He graduated from St Chad's College, Durham University, receiving a BA with first-class honours in 1985 and a Ph.D. in 1989.
Maria Quiban (born Maria T. Aviso) is a weather anchor for KTTV-TV in Los Angeles, California. She studied journalism at the University of Hawaii. Prior to being an anchor in Los Angeles, she was the weather anchor for NBC Hawaii News 8. Quiban has appeared in numerous television shows and films playing a reporter including Bruce Almighty, Cold Case, Everybody Hates Chris and Criminal Minds. She has two children one that is a one year old boy, and another boy age 25. She spends her free time talking to single young mothers about how they can be successful.
Major General William Edward Moyses Reilly (13 July 1827 - 28 July 1886), born Scarragh, County Down, on 13 January 1827, was fourth son of James Miles Reilly of Cloon Eavin, Co. Down, by Emilia, second daughter of the Rev Hugh Montgomery of Grey Abbey. He was educated at Christ's Hospital, and at the age of fifteen became a cadet at the Royal Military Academy Woolwich.
Sanjeewa Pushpakumara (born May 5, 1977) is a Sri Lankan film director, writer, and producer. He grew up in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka and completed his Bachelor of Arts degree at the University of Sri Jayewardenepura in 2005. In 2008, he obtained his master's degree in Mass Communications from the University of Kelaniya. From 2005 to 2006, Pushpakumara pursued a diploma in filmmaking from Sri Lanka's National Film Corporation, where he graduated at the top of his class.
Xiaxue graduated from Singapore Polytechnic with a diploma in mass media. Her father is an antique dealer and her mother is a property agent; she also has a younger brother. She is married to American engineer Mike Sayre.
David Ayers (born 30 July 1978) is an American actor, from Worthington, Ohio, USA. He attended Thomas Worthington High School and was very active in its theatre program. He Then attended Northwestern University Majoring in Vocal Performance. Ayers made his Broadway debut as an ensemble member in the musical Mamma Mia! He was later the first to play the role of Fyedka in the revival of Fiddler on the Roof in 2004. In early 2005, Ayers joined the cast of the hit musical Wicked, in which he performed for a year in the role of Fiyero to rave reviews. He ended his run on January 8, 2006 and was replaced by Derrick Williams. His other theatre credits include Hot Mikado, A New Brain, The Sound of Music, Honk! , and Hair. On television, he has had appearances on and Guiding Light.
Philip L. Quinn (June 22, 1940 - November 15, 2004) was a philosopher and theologian. He graduated from Georgetown University in 1962, and went on to earn a master's degree in physics from the University of Delaware in 1966. He then attended the University of Pittsburgh, where he received his master's and doctoral degrees in philosophy. Quinn joined the faculty of Brown University. In 1985, he assumed a position as the John A. O'Brien Professor of Philosophy at the University of Notre Dame. Quinn served for many years as President of the Central Division of the American Philosophical Association.
Alan Leitner is an American abstract artist. He was born in 1947 in an ethnically diverse section of Los Angeles. Alan was the middle of three children in a Jewish family. He received his B.S. in art in 1971 from Woodbury University in Los Angeles, where he met his first wife who wanted to move to Hawaii. Also in 1971, he acquired an art foundry that produced blown glass, sculpture, ceramics and paintings, which contributed greatly to his understanding of art. In 1987, he received a M.F.A. in painting from the University of Hawaii at Manoa. The graduate program required students to do some teaching, and through this teaching he met Alyn Brownley who at the time headed the art program at Leeward Community College. Brownley requested Alan to teach her art class for one semester while she pursued a move to University of Hawaii at Manoa. After graduation, Dr. John Conner, the department associate dean, offered Alan a full-time teaching position at Leeward Community College. Alan also taught at Honolulu Community College and University of Hawaii at Manoa.
William Rawlins Beaumont (1803 - October 12, 1875) was a surgeon who was educated at London's St Bartholomew's Hospital where he studied under the distinguished surgeon, John Abernethy.
Although they were not Catholic, Richard and Helene Woo sent Merle to Catholic schools, which they thought were better than public schools. Merle Woo earned her B.A. in English from San Francisco State University (SFSU) in 1965. She married while in college and later had two children, Emily and Paul. While pursuing an M.A. in English literature at SFSU, Woo witnessed firsthand the 1968--69 Third World Student Strikes at SFSU, which radicalized her politics. She speaks of being a beneficiary of such campus activism, because of the resulting establishment of ethnic studies, the Educational Opportunity Program (EOP), and affirmative action, which she believes helped her to get jobs. After finishing her M.A. in 1969, she started to teach in the Educational Opportunity Program at SFSU. During her years in the EOP, Woo attempted to make English learning more relevant to her students of color and began to incorporate Third World literature into her teaching.,
TGR was founded by Corey Gavitt, brothers Todd and Steve Jones, and Dirk Collins. Gavitt, the son of legendary basketball coach and ex-Boston Celtics CEO Dave Gavitt, grew up in Providence, Rhode Island and spent summers on Cape Cod. He was a high school all-American lacrosse player and graduated from the University of North Carolina, where he won a national championship. He is a former University of Maryland assistant woman's basketball coach, Boston Celtics scout, and special assistant to the Celtics General Manager. Steve Jones grew up on Cape Cod and spent the weekends skiing in Stowe, Vermont. He graduated from Holderness School in 1987. He later transferred to the University of Montana and graduated from the National Outdoor Leadership School. Brother Todd Jones also grew up on Cape Cod and spent the weekends skiing in Stowe. He is a 1989 graduate of Kimball Union Academy. He attended the University of Montana and graduated from the National Outdoor Leadership School. Dirk Collins, the son of a kayaker, grew up skiing and climbing in the Chugach Mountains of Alaska. He attended high school in Anchorage and completed two years at the University of Alaska Anchorage before moving to Jackson Hole in 1991. The four met skiing and working as commercial fishermen in Alaska.
He was born in London, a son of Henry Williams Chisholm (1809-1901), Warden of the Standards at the Board of Trade. Hugh Chisholm was educated at Felsted School and Christ Church, Oxford. He graduated from the latter in 1888 with a first class in Literae Humaniores. He read for the Bar and was called to the Middle Temple in 1892.
In 1979, Hirmez, a Roman Catholic native of Iraq, moved to San Diego, California to live with an uncle he was in high school. When he arrived in the United States, he changed his name from Waad Ajou to Waad Hirmez. In 1981, he graduated from Point Loma High School. Two weeks after his graduation, he signed with the San Diego Sockers of the North American Soccer League for $18,000. He played seventeen minutes of one game for the Sockers in 1981 before being released. He then attended National University where he played on the school's club team. In 1982, he played for the amateur San Diego Falcons. In 1983, the Sockers signed Hirmez again and he played eleven games, scoring one goal. He did not play professionally in 1984 after a series of unsuccessful trials with the Tacoma Stars, Phoenix Inferno and Wichita Wings. In February 1985, the Sockers signed Hirmez to a ten day contract after the team Kaz Deyna suffered a potentially season ending knee injury. His contract was extended to the end of the season as the Sockers won the league championship. The Sockers then retained Hirmez for the next three seasons as the Sockers won another two championships. Hirmez became a free agent in 1988 and he moved to the Los Angeles Lazers. On February 21, 1989, the Lazers traded him to the Sockers in exchange for Poli Garcia. He would play two and a half indoor seasons with the Sockers. In addition to his time playing indoor soccer with the Sockers, Hirmez also played for the San Diego Nomads of the outdoor Western Soccer League. Although the Nomads went to the league championship, Hirmez had returned to the Sockers before that game. In 1989, Hirmez also became an American citizen. In September 1991, the Sockers waived Hirmez. On September 20, 1991, he signed with the . On November 16, 1991, the Blast placed Hirmez on waivers. On November 31, Hirmez joined the St. Louis Storm. The Storm released him at the end of the season. In 1993, Hirmez rejoined the Sockers who were now playing in the Continental Indoor Soccer League. In January 1994, he signed with the Kansas City Attack of the National Professional Soccer League. He then moved to Mexico where he played for Puebla in the Futbol Rapido league, helping the team win the league championship. He then returned to the Sockers for the 1994 CISL season. The Sockers waived him at the end of the season and Hirmez moved to the Monterrey La Raza for the 1995 season. After retiring from playing, Hirmez coached the Fallbrook Union High School boys team and the Southwest Soccer Club, both beginning in 2001. In 2002, Hirmez left Fallbrook for Mission Viejo High School.
Francis Patrick Murphy (1876--1912) was an American outfielder in Major League Baseball who played for the Boston Beaneaters and New York Giants in 1901. He went to college at Fordham University.
Doug Stewart is a former running back at Newberry College, sports agent, mortgage lender, and Foot Action manager. He graduated from South Carolina State University. Ryan Stewart (RJR) is a former Georgia Tech All-American and Detroit Lions football player. The brothers are members of Omega Psi Phi fraternity. The Stewart brothers support local Atlanta charities, particularly Big Brothers, Big Sisters.
The 2003 Eastern Michigan Eagles football team represented Eastern Michigan University in the college football season of 2003, playing their home games in Rynearson Stadium. They competed in the 2003 NCAA Division I-A football season. Eastern Michigan competed as a member of the Mid-American Conference (MAC) West Division. The team was coached by Jeff Woodruff in his final season at EMU. Following the 38-10 loss to Central Michigan, Woodruff, who had compiled a 9-34 record in 3 seasons, was fired on November 3. Running backs coach Al Lavan was named the interim coach while the school conducted a national search for the new permanent coach, and under his leadership the team won two of their final three games. After the end of the season, Northwestern running backs coach Jeff Genyk was hired as the new EMU head coach.
Benjamin H. Read was born in Philadelphia on September 14, 1925. He was raised in Conshohocken, Pennsylvania. During World War II, he served as a sergeant in the United States Marine Corps, seeing service in China and Guam. After the war, he was educated at Williams College, receiving a B.A. in 1949, and the University of Pennsylvania Law School, receiving an LL.B. in 1952.
Eileen I. Oliver is a professor in the University of Florida College of Education. She was the Associate Dean of the University of Florida Division of Continuing Education and in 2008 she accepted the position as Interim Dean of the Division of Continuing Education. Dr. Oliver earned her undergraduate degree from the University of California at Berkeley and her doctorate from the University of Texas at Austin in English and Education. Prior to moving to the University of Florida, Eileen I. Oliver held a number of professional and academic positions in the California State University System, University of North Carolina System, and Washington State University. She also is a the director for three months at the PK Yonge DRS.
Hogg was the daughter of Sarah Ann ``Sallie'' Stinson and James Stephen ``Big Jim'' Hogg, later Attorney General of Texas and Governor of the state. Ima Hogg's first name was taken from The Fate of Marvin, an epic poem written by her uncle Thomas Hogg. She endeavored to downplay her unusual name by signing her first name illegibly and having her stationery printed with ``I. Hogg'' or ``Miss Hogg''. Although it was rumored that Hogg had a sister named ``Ura Hogg'', she had only brothers. Hogg's father left public office in 1895, and soon after, her mother was diagnosed with tuberculosis. When Sarah died later that year, Jim Hogg's widowed elder sister moved to Austin to care for the Hogg children. Between 1899 and 1901, Hogg attended the University of Texas at Austin; she then moved to New York City to study piano and music theory for two years. After her father's death in 1906, she traveled to Europe and spent two years studying music under Xaver Scharwenka in Vienna. When she returned to Texas, she established and managed the Houston Symphony Orchestra and served as president of the Symphony Society.
John Keating is a Fox Sports Detroit host and reporter. He was born in Madison Heights, Michigan. He attended Grand Valley State University. Keating has won five Michigan Emmys during his time at FOX Sports Detroit.
Born on 27 April 1941, in Siegmar-Schönau, Chemnitz, Goldmann's music education began in 1951 when he joined the Dresdner Kreuzchor. At age 18, he received a scholarship by the city of Darmstadt to study composition with Karlheinz Stockhausen at the Internationale Ferienkurse für Neue Musik in 1959 (Müller 2001), who further encouraged him over the following years. He moved on to study with Johannes Paul Thilman at the Dresden Conservatory from 1959, taking his exam in 1962. From 1962 until 1964 he attended a master class at the Akademie der Künste in Berlin with Rudolph Wagner-Régeny. Around this time, he worked as a freelance musical assistant at the Berliner Ensemble where he befriended other composers and writers, including Heiner Müller, Luigi Nono and Luca Lombardi. He also met Paul Dessau, who became a close friend and mentor. From 1964 until 1968, he studied musicology at Humboldt University of Berlin, after which he worked as a freelance composer and conductor (Müller 2001).
He was born in Boston on August 24, 1729 to Jonathan and Mary (Payne) Sewall. Sewall's father was an unsuccessful merchant who died at a young age. However through scholarships, funds raised by his pastor William Cooper and with the help of his uncle, Chief Justice Stephen Sewall, Sewall was able to attend Harvard. Sewall graduated from Harvard College in 1748, and was a teacher in Salem until 1756. He married Esther Quincy, a daughter of merchant Edmund Quincy. After studying law, he began a successful practice in Charlestown and served as attorney general of Massachusetts from 1767 to 1775. In 1768 he was also appointed Judge of Admiralty for Nova Scotia.
Robin Duval (born 1941) was director of the British Board of Film Classification, (the ``Film Censor''), from 1999 to 2004. Duval was educated at King Edward's School, Birmingham.
Elizabeth Storrs Mead (May 21, 1832 - March 25, 1917) was an American educator who was the 10th President of Mount Holyoke College from 1890 - 1900. She taught at Oberlin College before becoming President.
Kevin O'Brien grew up in Chicago's North Shore, but now lives in Seattle, Washington, where he is currently working on his next thriller. After attending New Trier East High School, he studied journalism at Marquette University.
Heidi Zimmer is a American deaf mountaineer who has accomplished several notable firsts in mountaineering. She was born deaf, and became the first deaf woman in history to reach the top of Mt. McKinley on June 13, 1991. At the top, she unfolded a banner reading ``DEAF WOMAN, A PARADE THROUGH THE DECADES''. On August 15th, 1992, Zimmer became the first deaf person to summit Mt. Elbrus. On September 22nd, 1994, Zimmer became the first deaf woman to summit Mt. Kilimanjaro. She has also won a bronze medal in the Deaf Olympics. She graduated from Gallaudet University in 1978.
Reginald Finger is a physician trained in public health and preventive medicine. He holds a B.A. in mathematics from Northwest Nazarene College (now University) and the Doctor of Medicine and Master of Public Health degrees from the University of Washington in Seattle. For twelve years he served as epidemiologist at Kentucky Department for Public Health in Frankfort, KY. Since coming to Colorado Springs, CO, in 1997, Finger has worked as a public health physician, medical policy analyst, and medical researcher in several different settings. He served a three-year term on the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices of the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, where his lead assignment was to oversee the development and publication of guidelines for use of the meningococcal meningitis vaccine. Since 2006 Finger has worked with National Embryo Donation Center, Knoxville, Tennessee. This organization aims to promote embryo adoption as the solution of choice for embryos remaining from infertility treatment procedures. Finger performs medical, legal, bioethical, social, and news media research, and speaks and writes on this subject. He also works in a voluntary capacity as an advocate for Christian higher education, particularly for his alma mater, Northwest Nazarene University in Nampa, Idaho.
Alan Menter attended Parktown Boys' High School, followed by medical school at the University of Witwatersrand, South Africa in 1968. He completed his dermatology residency at Pretoria General Hospital at the University of Pretoria. Menter's mother is from a Jewish-Irish family, and he is an observant Jew.
William 'Billy' Burton was born in 1962. He was educated at Wetherby High School, Wetherby, West Yorkshire, England.
Allsopp was the son of the brewer Henry Allsopp, 1st Baron Hindlip. He was educated at Cheltenham College, and Trinity Hall, Cambridge. He played five matches for Cambridge University in 1876, including the Varsity match which Cambridge won. His highest score of 22 came when playing for Cambridge University in the match against Gentlemen of England. His best bowling of 3/15 came when playing for Cambridge University in the match against Marylebone Cricket Club. He played for MCC in 1877 and for Worcestershire County Cricket Club against MCC in 1880, but the matches were not given First Class status.
Russell Robinson was born to Thearesa Robinson and Russell Robinson, Sr. in the Bronx, New York. Robinson attended Rice High School in New York City, where he was coached by Maurice Hicks. As a junior, he led his team with 18 points, six rebounds, four assists and four steals per game. His senior year, he averaged 22 points and eight rebounds. During his senior year he was the New York Newsday Manhattan Player of the Year, a New York Daily News All-City Team selection, a CHSAA All-City Team honoree, and a McDonald's All-American. Known for his ability to score as a high school guard, Robinson wore the number 23.
James Bernard Longley, Sr. (April 22, 1924 -- August 16, 1980) was an American politician. He served as the 69th Governor of Maine from 1975 to 1979, and was the first Independent to hold the office. In 1949, he married the former Helen Angela Walsh, who died on September 13, 2005. They had five children, including former Republican U.S. Representative James B. Longley, Jr. (born 1951). Longley, a graduate of Bowdoin College in Brunswick, Maine, resided in Lewiston and Auburn, Maine.
Alan Khazei is the son of an Iranian-American surgeon and an Italian-American nurse. He was born in Pittsburgh and grew up in the Boston area and in Bedford, New Hampshire. In 1979, he graduated from St. Paul's School in Concord, New Hampshire, where he was president of his graduating class. He graduated from Harvard College with honors in 1983 and in 1987 from Harvard Law School, where he was a member of the Harvard Legal Aid Bureau.
Ronnie Shanklin (January 21, 1948--April 17, 2003) was a professional American football player who played wide receiver for six seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Chicago Bears. He also played football at the University of North Texas.
The idea was put forward in about 1970 by Stephen Wiesner, a graduate student at Columbia University, though it was rejected by a number of scientific journals, meaning that it remained unpublished until 1983.
Peter Iverson (born April 4, 1944) is the Regents Professor of History at Arizona State University. Born in Whittier, California, Iverson received his B.A. in 1967 from Carleton College; his M.A. in 1969, and Ph.D., 1975, from the University of Wisconsin-- Madison. He was awarded the Guggenheim Fellowship in 1999. His primary area of research is American Indian history in the 20th and 21st centuries.
Josh Zepps (formerly Josh Szeps) is an Australian-born media personality, political satirist, and TV show host. Zepps, the son of actor Henri Szeps, changed his last name from ``Szeps'' to avoid pronunciation confusion. Josh Zepps attended Fort Street High School and the University of Technology, Sydney. His work has included satirical writing and presenting for Australian radio, as well as the hosting of Brink, an American TV series.
Kojo Yankah was born at Agona Duakwa in the Agona East District of the Central Region of Ghana. His primary education was in various schools in the Central Region. He attended Adisadel College for his secondary education. He then taught for a few years before proceeding to the University of Ghana where he graduated with a B.A. Honors degree in English.
Heather Neff (born January 29, 1957) is an African-American novelist and award-winning university professor. Born in Akron, Ohio, at the age of 13 her family moved to Detroit, where she graduated from Lewis Cass Technical High School in 1975 with a degree in music. She took a B.A. with ``high distinction'' from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor. After graduating in 1978 she studied French at the Sorbonne, and then lived in Switzerland, where she studied at the University of Basel and the University of Zurich. She received a licentiate in English Literature and Linguistics, Comparative Literature and French Linguistics in 1987, and, in 1990, a Doctorate in English Literature at the University of Zurich. Currently, she is a professor at Eastern Michigan University in Ypsilanti, Michigan, where she specializes in the literature of the African Diaspora. Neff currently serves as the Director of the McNair Scholars Program, a federal TRiO program.
William Neal, is an English painter and graphic designer born in Guildford in 1947, but who was brought up in the village of Bramley, Surrey, England. He gained international fame for his artwork on the progressive rock albums Tarkus and Pictures at an Exhibition by the English progressive rock band Emerson, Lake & Palmer. He graduated in 1967 at the Guildford School of Art and gained a Diploma in Art and Design, following a career in graphic arts.
Coohill attended Saint Michael's College at the University of Toronto, where he met his future wife, Patricia Ann Trutty. He received his Masters Degree at the University of Toledo. His first two sons, Joseph and Thomas Jr., were born in Toledo. He received his PhD in Biophysics at Pennsylvania State University under the tutelage of renowned physicist, Ernest C. Pollard. He then went to work in Pittsburgh, where his third and final son, Matthew, was born.
John Diehl graduated from De Smet Jesuit High School, which is in Creve Coeur, in 1983. He then went to the University of Missouri and majored in political science. He also received a law degree from St. Louis University. He currently is an attorney at Armstrong Teasdale specializing in real estate public law, and finance practice group. He is a member of the Town and Country and Frontenac Chamber of Commerce, was named Town and Country and Frontenac Chamber of Commerce's 2006 businessman of the year, and was on the Town and Country and Frontenac Chamber of Commerce executive committee from 2004-2007. Diehl is married, has three boys, and attends Our Lady of the Pillar parish in Creve Coeur.
Beth Denisch (born Augusta, GA, Feb. 25, 1958) is an American composer. She received a Bachelor of Music degree from North Texas State University in Denton, TX, and an MM and (in 1993) a DMA from Boston University, where her teachers in composition were John Harbison and Bernard Rands. She has taught at UMass Dartmouth, and Northeastern University. She is currently Associate Professor at the Berklee College of Music in Boston.
E. Simms Campbell (1908--71). The first African American cartoonist with a national reputation, Campbell was born in St. Louis and graduated from Englewood High School in Chicago. He attended the School of the Art Institute of Chicago between 1924 and 1926 and later he moved to New York, where he was employed as a cartoonist at the Daily Mirror. He did important illustrations for some African American publications, like Crisis and Opportunity, but was better known for his color cartoons in Esquire. He would later work for a string of national advertisers and for Playboy. Albert Carreno (1905--64). This Mexican-born caricaturist and cartoonist portrayed stage and sports personalities for the Chicagoan in the late 1920s while working for the Chicago Daily News. He then moved to New York and was employed by a series of publishers and comic-book producers including Fawcett, National, and Marvel. Nat Karson (1908--54). Born in Switzerland, he attended Chicago public schools and the School of the Art Institute of Chicago and increasingly concentrated his efforts on theatrical caricature. After he moved to New York, his theatrical designs and productions attracted wide attention; he created both sets and costumes with the Federal Theater Project and with Orson Welles. A. Raymond Katz (1895--1974), aka Sandor. Born in Hungary, Katz attended both the School of the Art Institute of Chicago and the Chicago Academy of Fine Arts. He created car cards, posters, and other commercial art before becoming the featured artist of the Chicagoan. Isadore Klein (1897--1986). Magazine cartoonist, animator, sketcher, painter, and story writer, Klein worked for the New Yorker as well as for the Chicagoan and was involved with a series of famous studios and celebrated cartoons, from Krazy Kat and Betty Boop to Popeye. He was widely credited with originating the idea for Mighty Mouse. Boris Riedel (no dates available). Creator of the Chicagoans first cover, Riedel served for a while as the magazine's art editor. He illustrated a book of poetry by Marie Hecht, a novel by J. V. Nicholson, and a children's book, The Timid Giant, written by advertising executive Earle Ludgin. Riedel also created movie posters for films starring Clara Bow, Lon Chaney, Sr., and Adolphe Menjou and contributed to The Linebook, a publication put out for WGN Radio, a Tribune Company outlet in Chicago.
After attending Jonesboro public schools throughout his childhood, Dustin McDaniel went on to attend and graduate from the University of Arkansas, where he was a member of Kappa Sigma Fraternity. Immediately after college, Dustin turned down admission to law school in order to become a uniformed patrol officer for the Jonesboro Police Department. He felt as though he needed to give something back to the community, and looking back says it is one of the most fulfilling and rewarding things he has ever done. After completing law school, McDaniel became a partner in the Jonesboro law firm of McDaniel and Wells, where he practiced law with his father, Bobby McDaniel. Prior to becoming the Attorney General, McDaniel served one term in the Arkansas House of Representatives, representing Jonesboro's District 75.
John McGuire initially studied composition with Robert Gross at Occidental College, where he earned a BA in 1964. He received a succession of three Alfred E. Hertz Traveling Scholarships from the University of California at Berkeley (1965--66, 1966--67, 1967--68), and a Fulbright Traveling Scholarship (1966--67), which together enabled him to study with Krzysztof Penderecki at the Folkwang Hochschule in Essen from 1966--68, and at the Fourth Cologne Courses for New Music, under Karlheinz Stockhausen, in 1967 (Custodis 2004, 142). Two scholarships from the State of North Rhine-- Westphalia for studies in Germany made it possible for him to participate in the composition studios given by Stockhausen at Darmstadt in 1967 and again in 1968. Returning to the United States, he continued his studies at the University of California, Berkeley, where his composition teachers included Ingolf Dahl and Seymour Shifrin. After completing his MA there in 1970, he once again moved to Europe, at first studying computer composition with Gottfried Michael Koenig at the Institute of Sonology of the University of Utrecht from 1970 to 1971.
Wynne, born in 1652, was from Llechylched, Anglesey, north Wales and was part of a family that claimed descent from Hwfa ap Cynddelw, lord of Llifon in the twelfth century. Wynne was educated at Jesus College, Oxford, matriculating in 1668 and obtaining his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1672. He later obtained a doctorate in law and seems to have become a member of Doctors' Commons in 1694. When the Welsh lawyer and academic Sir Leoline Jenkins -- who had been the Principal of Jesus College during Wynne's time in Oxford -- became Secretary of State for the Northern Department in 1680 (and later Secretary of State for the Southern Department), Wynne became his confidential secretary. Wynne continued as undersecretary to the succeeding Secretaries of State until about 1690, and was secretary to the commissioners that King James II sent to William of Orange in 1688. He has been described by one historian as ``an early example of the permanent civil servant.'' He was warden of the Mint until 1690 and, in 1693 was secretary to the commissioners for prizes. He was the father of the lawyer and author William Wynne, who wrote The Life of Sir Leoline Jenkins using papers inherited from his father. Owen Wynne died in 1700.
Reg Preston (18 March 1917- 14 June 2000) studied sculpture at the Westminster School of Art in London, in 1938. At the beginning of WW2 he returned to Australia and spent three months in 1944 potting at the Melbourne Technical College with John A. Barnard Knight and Klytie Pate. Throughout 1945-1946 he worked at Cooper and Cooke's Pottery.
Born in the village of Haroa in the district of Faridpur (now Rajbari), Bangladesh, Rashid Choudhury completed his five-year course in fine arts from the Charukala Institute in 1954 and attended a teachers' training certificate course at Asutosh Museum of the Calcutta University. He did his post-graduate studies with a scholarship from Spanish government and studied sculpture at the Central Escula des Bellias Artes de San Fernando in Madrid from 1956-57. He also studied sculpture, fresco and tapestry at the Academy of Jullian and Beaux Arts in Paris from 1960-64. He was also honoured with the Leadership Grant Award by the US government in 1975.
George Duffield, Jr. D.D. (September 12, 1818--1888) was an American Presbyterian minister and hymnodist, the son of Presbyterian minister George Duffield. He graduated from Yale College and the Union Theological Seminary in New York. He was a pastor from 1840 to 1869 at numerous cities including Brooklyn, New York; Bloomfield, New Jersey; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; Adrian, Michigan; Galesburg, Illinois; Saginaw City, Michigan; Ann Arbor, Michigan and Lansing, Michigan.
Eldar Gasimov graduated from Baku Slavic University with a double major in international relations and regional geography. Since 2010, he has been a graduate student of international relations at the same university. Eldar Gasimov speaks German fluently.
Daniels said he became interested in comedy by watching Monty Python's Flying Circus as a child, as well as by reading books by humorist S. J. Perelman at age 11. Daniels attended Phillips Exeter Academy and then Harvard University where he wrote for the Harvard Lampoon with Conan O'Brien. He met his wife when she was working for NBC and he for Saturday Night Live. Daniels began his career as a writer on the HBO satirical news show Not Necessarily the News before moving to Saturday Night Live. There he spent three seasons at SNL, winning an Emmy Award in the process. Greg then joined The Simpsons, writing and producing some of the most popular episodes in the history of the series (including ``22 Short Films About Springfield'', ``Homer and Apu'', ``Bart Sells His Soul'', and ``Lisa's Wedding''). In 1992, Greg co-wrote an episode of Seinfeld entitled ``The Parking Space'' which aired during the third season. FOX teamed cartoonist Mike Judge with Greg Daniels, an experienced prime-time TV writer to work on King of the Hill. Greg Daniels rewrote the pilot script and created several important characters that did not appear in Judge's first draft (including Luanne and Cotton), as well as some characterization ideas (e.g., making Dale Gribble a conspiracy theorist). While Judge's writing tended to emphasize political humor, specifically the clash of Hank Hill's social conservatism and interlopers' liberalism, Daniels focused on character development to provide an emotional context for the series' numerous culture clashes. Judge was ultimately so pleased with Daniels' contributions that he chose to credit him as a co-creator, rather than give him the ``developer'' credit usually reserved for individuals brought on to a pilot written by someone else. During the fifth and sixth seasons, Judge and Daniels became less involved with the show. They eventually focused on the show again, though Daniels steadily became more involved with other projects.
The daughter of Pål Kraby, Ida Hjort Kraby graduated from the University of Oslo as cand.jur. in 1988. She had worked as a research assistant there from 1986 to 1987, and was hired as a consultant in the Ministry of Justice and the Police in 1988. From 1990 to 1993 she was a deputy judge in Lofoten, and from 1993 to 2008 she was a lawyer at the Office of the Attorney General.
Prenkë Jakova (27 June 191719 September 1969) was a well known Albanian composer, musician, and author of the first Albanian opera, Mrika, which premiered in 1958. A native of Shkodër, he studied under Martin Gjoka and Zef Kurti, and he was also an alumnus of the Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia. A virtuoso clarinetist he worked as a music teacher for most of his life and distinguished himself as the mentor of the four most important composers of classical music from northern Albania: Çesk Zadeja Tish Daija, Tonin Harapi, and Simon Gjoni. Jakova was the director of the music band and of the House of Culture of Shkodër. Besides Mrika, Jakova also composed Skënderbeu, another opera which premiered in 1968.
George Gale (1927--1990) was a British journalist who was editor of the British political magazine The Spectator from 1970 to 1973. He was educated at the independent Royal Grammar School, Newcastle and Peterhouse, Cambridge where he graduated with a double-first in History.
Robert Barber was born in Charleston, South Carolina on July 29, 1949. Having spent his earliest years on Folly Beach and nearby Bowen's Island, Barber moved to Columbia with his parents at the age of 10. After graduating from Columbia High School in 1967, he attended Wofford College and graduated in 1971. Barber later received a Masters of Divinity from Duke University in 1976. He then returned to his native state and served as a minister in two Laurens County churches before entering law school. Receiving his law degree in 1982 from the South Texas College of Law, Barber engaged in a general practice of law in Charleston before being elected to the Charleston County School Board in 1984.
Former U.S. president Bill Clinton was a vocal advocate for the awarding of the Nobel Prize to Muhammed Yunus. He expressed this in Rolling Stone magazine as well as in his autobiography My Life. In a speech given at University of California, Berkeley in 2002, President Clinton described Dr. Yunus as ``a man who long ago should have won the Nobel Prize and I'll keep saying that until they finally give it to him.'' Conversely, The Economist stated explicitly that Yunus was a poor choice for the award, stating: ``...the Nobel committee could have made a braver, more difficult, choice by declaring that there would be no recipient at all.'' He has won a number of other awards, including the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2009, the King Abdul Aziz medal in 2007, the Ramon Magsaysay Award, the World Food Prize, the Sydney Peace Prize, and in December 2007 the Ecuadorian Peace Prize. Additionally, Dr. Yunus has been awarded 26 honorary doctorate degrees, and 15 special awards. Bangladesh government brought out a commemorative stamp to honor his Nobel Award. In January 2008, Houston, Texas declared 14 January as ``Muhammad Yunus Day''. He was invited and gave the MIT commencement address delivered on 6 June 2008, and Oxford's Romanes Lecture on 2 December 2008. He received the Dwight D. Eisenhower Medal for Leadership and Service from the Eisenhower Fellowships at a ceremony in Philadelphia on 21 May 2009. He was also voted 2nd in Prospect Magazines 2008 global poll of the world's top 100 intellectuals.
Mark Selden (born 1938) is a Coordinator of the open access journal , a Senior Research Associate in the East Asia Program at Cornell University, and Bartle Professor of History and Sociology at Binghamton University. He graduated from Amherst College with a major in American Studies and completed a Ph.D. at Yale University in modern Chinese history. He was a founding member of the Committee of Concerned Asian Scholars in the 1960s and for more than thirty years edited The Bulletin of Concerned Asian Scholars (later Critical Asian Studies). He is also the editor of book series at Rowman & Littlefield, Routledge, and M.E. Sharpe publishers.
In 2005 Liliane Lijn received an Honorary Degree, Doctor of Letters, from the University of Warwick and an ACE International Artist Fellowship - a residency at the Space Sciences Laboratory, University of California, Berkeley, in partnership with NASA and the Leonardo Network. From 2005-2009 Lijn developed, in collaboration with astronomer John Vallerga, Solar Hills, a large scale solar installation in the landscape. Further outcomes of Lijn's NASA residency were Stardust Ruins; installations using aerogel and video projections; an exhibition at Riflemaker, London in 2008 and Inner Space Outer Space, a digital film made with Richard Wilding using interviews with scientists both at SSL and NASA, and previewed at the AV festival in Newcastle upon Tyne, March 2010.
Gudlavalleti Chalapati Rao or Gudlavalleti Venkata Chalapati Rao ( వేంకట చలపతి రావు ) was a noted writer, philosopher and an ex Deputy commissioner of Endowments Department in the Government of Andhra Pradesh. He was born in 1915 at Gudlavalleru, Krishna District, Andhra Pradesh to Venkata Ramaih Gudlavalleti and Suryakantham Gudlavalleti. He graduated from Andhra University (Bachelors of Arts) and also took a Law Degree from Madras University ( Bachelors of Law). After his education, he served in the Revenue, Employment & Training and Endowments Departments, finally retired as Selection Grade Deputy Collector, finally settling down at Machilipatnam, Andhra Pradesh. He was married to Krishnaveni amma Gudlavalleti and has three sons and a daughter.
Cloudia Swann was born in Leicestershire, and spent her early years living in Stratford Upon Avon where she attended Bromsgrove School until the age of 13. Swann later attended Cheltenham College for her A-Levels before a 3 year Acting Diploma at the Oxford School of Drama.
Born in the town of Racalmuto, Sicily, Italy to a sharecropping father, Joe Pantalone is the second oldest of 7 children. Pantalone, who is also often referred to as ``Joey Pants'', immigrated to Canada with his family at age thirteen. His father was a ``pick and shovel'' man who earned his living building the Toronto subway system, and his mother was a seamstress. He attended Harbord Collegiate Institute where he was elected Student Council President. He then obtained a geography degree from the University of Toronto.
Charles Pillsbury had a modest upbringing. He graduated from Dartmouth College in 1863, paying for his college education by teaching part-time.
William John Wolfgram was a United States Army Lieutenant during World War II. He served in the army from 1942 until his death in combat in 1945. Wolfgram attended Northwestern Military and Naval Academy in Wisconsin. After graduating, he attended Harvard University for two years until he enlisted in the army in 1942. While enlisted Wolfgram attended Pennsylvania Military College (now Widener University).
Matthew MacFadzean is a Canadian actor and playwright who was born in 1972 in North York, Ontario. As an actor he has worked at theatres across Canada, including both the Shaw and Stratford Shakespeare festivals. He has written and produced eight plays, the most notable works including richardthesecond, and the multi-Dora award winning ``The Mill.'' He attended McGill University, the National Theatre School of Canada, and studied television writing at the Canadian Film Centre. He currently acts and writes for television. He is the winner of many awards including the prestigious Fox Foundation Scholarship. MacFadzean is the youngest of three children.
Albert Stone was raised in Haverhill, Massachusetts. He attended Colby College and then served in the navy during the Korean War. During that time, he was stationed in Okinawa. After his service in the military, he attended Harvard Business School. After his graduation, he joined Sterilite, the company that his uncle and father founded in 1939.
Around the same time Jacobus Capitein was born in the Gold Coast. He was forcibly taken to the Netherlands in 1725, where he was given to Jacobus van Goch. Capitein excelled at school and announced during his baptism in 1735 that he wanted to return to the Gold Coast as a missionary. To that effect he studied at Leiden University between 1737 and 1742, graduating on a dissertation defending slavery (!) . He was subsequently installed by the Dutch East India Company as a Christian minister at Elmina, where he married Antonia Ginderdros. This was the first marriage among ``Europeans'' in Elmina. Ashanti king Opoku Ware I demanded that Capitein taught his children, which he did. Capitein died in Elmina in 1747.
Mervyn William Lee (born 18 August 1920) was an Australian politician. Born in Broadford, Victoria, he was educated at Kingswood College in Melbourne before becoming a Commonwealth public servant. After serving in World War II 1941-46, he became a drapery and hardware merchant. In 1966, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Liberal member for Lalor, defeating long-serving Labor member Reg Pollard. He held the seat until 1969, when he unsuccessfully attempted to win the nearby seat of Bendigo.
Constantine Koukias studied at both the Tasmanian Conservatorium of Music and the Sydney Conservatorium of Music.
Knowlton's daughter, Holly Knowlton, married future four star general David Petraeus two months after Petraeus graduated from West Point. Knowlton was Superintendent at the time. Holly is a graduate of Dickinson College.
Two months after graduation Petraeus married Holly Knowlton, a graduate of Dickinson College and daughter of Army General William A. Knowlton, who was superintendent of West Point at the time. Holly, who is multi-lingual, was a National Merit Scholar in high school, and graduated summa cum laude from Dickinson College. They have a daughter and son, Anne and Stephen. Petraeus administered the oath of office at his son's 2009 commissioning into the Army after graduating from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. His son went on to serve in Afghanistan as a member of Alpha Company, 3rd Platoon, 1st Battalion, 503rd Infantry Regiment, 173rd Airborne Brigade Combat Team.
Holly Watson (b. Holly Renee Smith, April 1968) is a TV spokeswoman, Gospel singer, TV host and actress from Franklin, Tennessee, originally hailing from Ohio. Mrs Watson graduated from Belmont University with a BS in Broadcasting. She is well known in local TV markets in Florida, for her voiceover work at MBCreative, Inc., and Syracuse, New York for her advertisements for auto dealerships. She also provides radio commercials and voiceover work for CB&T bank, as well as commercials for Deaconess Gateway Hospitals. and Toyota Motor Corporation. Mrs Watson has recently appeared in TV commercials with Todd Caputo, who operates several car dealerships in the Central New York area, as the self described ``Used Car King'' in Chittenango, New York. Holly is the daughter of famed Country singer Margo Smith. Holly and her mother, formed a Christian music duo in the 1980s named Margo Smith and Holly and were popular Christian singers through much of the 1980s.
DeWayne Lewis attended Thomas Jefferson High School where he led his team to the quarter final stage of the 2001 state playoffs and also the 2002 state semifinals being named Defensive Player of the year. DeWayne Lewis also showcased his talent on the track breaking every Colorado sprint record rewriting the record book in two years. His senior year Lewis was the state champion in 3 events, two years in a roll. ESPN sports analyst Woody Paige conducted several interviews and even wrote statewide articles on Lewis. Lewis was named Athlete of the year, All American, All Colorado, even made the Junior USA National team. Lewis is the Eighth Fastest Athlete in Colorado history.
Melvin Whitson Mills was a descendant of the Mills and Chase families, who were quakers that immigrated during early part of 18th Century from Canada to The United States. They formed a part of a colony and established themselves on the north shore of Lake Erie. The parents of Melvin W. Mills after a brief residence in Canada, moved to Michigan, United States. In 1860 his father immigrated to the west and nine years later, his wife and child followed. Mr. Mills graduated from Ann Arbor Law School at University of Michigan, his academic education having been attained through his own unaided efforts. He joined his father at the Moreno Mines, Colfax County, New Mexico, and there began the practice of his perfection and has successfully continued the same ever since. Colfax County, New Mexico, in which spent his later years, had been the seek of many internal insurrections, and hundreds of people had been hung, shot, and killed in various ways over local difficulties. The law could not be enforced at times; the courts could not be held in the civil authorities where often at the mercy of the outlaws and worst types of desperados. It required courage and determination to contend against such characters, and M. W. Mills was among the very few who attempted to preserve peace, law, and order. In so doing, he fell into the hands of the mob several times, but was rescued by good citizens and government soldiers. The soldiers being obtained through his efforts. While in Cimarron, New Mexico he was twice elected to the territorial legislature, and has held various other offices such as county and city attorney for Elizabethtown, and was District Attorney for a number of counties, and during his twenty years residence he had been in office most of the time. Melvin Mills owned a large ranch in Springer, New Mexico while a cattle owner and was in control of one of the largest Mercantile and Banking Co at the time.
Pynchas Brener is the Ashkenazi Chief Rabbi of Caracas, Venezuela, starting in 1967. He received his Bachelor of Arts and Rabbinic Ordination from Yeshiva University and his Master's degree from Columbia University, and is a PhD honoris causa of Bar Ilan University.
Clive Akerman was educated at the University of Bristol and lives in Gloucestershire, Great Britain.
John Gilbert was born in Lockington, Leicestershire. His father was left a legacy which included Thurgarton Priory which he was allowed if he changed his name to Cooper. John Gilbert Cooper was educated locally and then at Westminster School. He completed his education at Trinity College, Cambridge. Cooper first published poetry in 1742 occasionally until he became a regular contributor to The Museum which was published by Robert Dodsley. His contributions to Dodsley's journal was under the nom de plume of Philaretes. Cooper's claim to notability comes from his prose, poetry and a public row he had with William Warburton. The row arose from a book he published on Socrates where his work ignored the established view of many including Warburton. Warburton responded to Cooper's 1749, Life of Socrates with an Essay on Criticism in 1751. Cooper unwisely accused Warburton of personal attack in Cursory Remarks on Mr Warburton's New Edition of Mr Pope's Works - it was unwise as he also made personal attacks on Warburton. Samuel Johnson later described Cooper as the Punchinello of literature.
Bruce Nazarian began his musical career as a singer at the age of four, performing regularly on local television (WXYZ-TV) and in USO musical variety shows in his hometown of Detroit. During his grade school years, he studied piano and vocals, and at age 13 took up tenor saxophone and played in the Mackenzie High School band under director Craig Strain. Later, he also sang in the Mackenzie High School Choir, under the direction of Claire Weimer. At age 17 he entered Wayne State University (WSU) for four years of musical study and began playing professionally with local artists and bands in Detroit.
Nehru encouraged his only child, Indira Gandhi (1917--84) to be active in Congress politics. She entered the Cabinet in 1964 when Lal Bahadur Shastri became Prime Minister upon Nehru's death. Then in 1966, following the death of Lal Bahadur Shastri, she became Prime Minister, holding the position until her defeat in the 1977 elections. During her Prime Ministership her younger son, Sanjay Gandhi (1946--80), wielded enormous political influence without holding any accountable government office. His alleged abuse of power is cited as one of the reasons for the government's 1977 defeat. Sanjay died in a plane crash in 1980
David Gentili holds a B.A. in psychology from Queen's University and a Masters in Public Administration from Dalhousie University. Previously, he worked as a staffer for Larry Miller, MP for Bruce-Gray-Owen Sound and as a special assistant to the Chief of Staff at the Prime Minister's Office. After Chris Reid withdrew from the race, Gentili stepped in as candidate for the riding. He is married to Devon Stocks-Gentili.
Albert Hadley (1921 - ) is an American interior decorator born in Nashville, Tennessee. His long-time design partner was Sister Parish. He attended Peabody College, Nashville, and a graduate of and teacher at Parsons School of Design, New York City and Paris. He trained with the South's best-known decorator, A. Herbert Rodgers. After serving overseas in WW II he studied and taught at Parsons, and then formed his own studio. He then worked at the distinguished New York design firm of McMillen, Inc. and co-founded Parish-Hadley, Associates (1962-1999). Lauded with numerous international design awards for his creative output, he works in a variety of styles; modern, Victorian, Georgian. Clients include former Vice President Albert Gore, Diane Sawyer, Babe Paley, Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, and the Astor and Getty families.
Eveline Hasler (born 22 March 1933) is a Swiss writer. Born in Glarus, she studied Psychology and History at the University of Fribourg and worked as a teacher in St. Gallen. She has written both novels (for adults) and children's books. Eveline Hasler lives in Ticino.
Coll, (birth name: Edna Coll Pujals) was born in the city of Arecibo, Puerto Rico. Her parents were Cayetano Coll y Cuchí, a former President of Puerto Rico House of Representatives. and Carmen Pujol Toste. Coll received her primary and secondary education in San Juan, the capital of Puerto Rico. She earned a doctorate in literature and arts from the University of Puerto Rico.
Lannie Battistini was born and raised in San Juan, Puerto Rico. By the age of 23, he completed his 4 years at Berklee College of Music in Boston. With piano as his main instrument, he majored in arranging and composition with minor in film scoring. His inspiration and jazz roots were inspired by jazz artists, such as Oscar Peterson, McCoy Tyner, Chick Corea, Herbie Hancock, and Keith Jarrett.
Loree Rackstraw (born June 27, 1931) is an American literary critic and memoirist. She taught English at the University of Northern Iowa from 1966--1996, and she is the author of Love As Always, Kurt: Vonnegut As I Knew Him (2009).
Adrian Cole was born in Glen Iris, a suburb of Melbourne, to barrister and doctor Robert Cole and his wife Helen (née Hake). He was educated at Geelong Grammar School and Melbourne Grammar School, where he was a member of the cadet corps. When World War I broke out in August 1914, Cole gained a commission in the Australian Military Forces, serving with the 55th (Collingwood) Infantry Regiment. He resigned his commission to join the Australian Imperial Force on 28 January 1916, intending to become a pilot in the Australian Flying Corps.
Born in Düsseldorf, he trained as a violinist at Düsseldorf and Cologne. In 1934 he left Nazi Germany (like many Jewish composers of his time) and played in Singapore and Shanghai during the war years. He settled permanently in Montreal in 1949. For the next 15 years Joachim worked as a player, teacher, instrument builder and composer. Since the 1960s he has concentrated on his compositions which are a mix of aleatoric and electroacoustic works. In 1994, he received and honorary doctorate from Concordia University, Montreal. The multi-channel electroacoustic studio in the Department of Music at Concordia University is named ``The Otto Joachim Project Studio''.
She married Henry Rapoport in 1944 and the couple moved to New York. Sonya Rapoport enrolled at New York University and, in 1946, received her B.A. in Labor Economics. She then attended the Art Students League of New York where she studied with Reginald Marsh. In September 1946 the couple moved again, this time to Washington, D.C., where Rapoport entered the Corcoran School of Art to study figurative art and oil painting.
Frederic S. Durbin was born in Taylorville, Illinois. He graduated from Taylorville High School and attended Concordia College where he graduated summa cum laude. He began teaching English at Niigata University in Japan in 1995.
Geoff Bryan (born 1956) is a New Zealand television broadcaster, currently a sports presenter for TVNZ, and most well known for presenting the Olympic and Commonwealth Games since 1988. He has covered Six Summer Olympic Games from 1988 to 2008, and five Commonwealth Games from 1990 to 2006. Bryan was born in Kent, England, and moved with his family to Australia first and then to Wellington when he was a child, in the late 1960s. He completed a degree in Political Science and History at Victoria University of Wellington, before working in radio, including as a DJ for 2ZM in Wellington in the late 1970s and 1980s. He progressed into television in 1982, and became a sports presenter for TVNZ in 1987. Bryan, along with Keith Quinn and John McBeth were laid off by TVNZ 2007, before the company invited all three to compete for a single vacancy in Auckland. He was the successful applicant and is still employed by TVNZ.
Parker was born at Rothley, Leicestershire the third son of James Parker and his wife Mary Babbington. His father was a barrister and Vice-Chancellor of the High Court and his mother the daughter of Thomas Babington. Parker was educated at University College, Oxford. While at Oxford, he was an active rower. In 1862, he was a member of the winning University College crew in the Ladies' Challenge Plate at Henley Royal Regatta. He also competed in the Wingfield Sculls but was runner-up to Walter Bradford Woodgate. In 1863 he was in the University College crews which won the Grand Challenge Cup and the Stewards' Challenge Cup but he never rowed in the Oxford eight. In 1863, as a sculler he won the OUBC sculls and the Wingfield Sculls - the latter being a row-over because Woodgate had an injured neck.
Mark Hersam attended Downers Grove South High School in Downers Grove, IL where he was Valedictorian and an Eagle Scout. He then went on to receive his B.S. in Electrical Engineering at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1996. Upon winning the Marshall Scholarship which allows ``young Americans of high ability to study for a graduate degree in the United Kingdom'', Hersam received a M.Phil. in Microelectronic Engineering and Semiconductor Physics from the University of Cambridge in 1997. His Ph.D was granted from the Electrical Engineering Department at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 2000.
Alice Miller (born May 15, 1956 in Marysville, California) is an American professional golfer. She attended Arizona State University and was a 1978 rookie on the LPGA Tour. Between 1983 and 1991 she won eight titles on the tour, including one major championship, the 1985 Nabisco Dinah Shore. She also had her highest finish on the money list that year, when she placed third. She retired from the LPGA Tour after the 1998 season.
He was born Bryan David Williams in London, the only child of Eric Williams and Olwen Roose, his wife. His family were London-based wine merchants. He was educated at Bryanston School and University College, Oxford. He played Prospero in an outdoor production of The Tempest in the gardens of Worcester College, directed by Nevill Coghill in 1949. He also acted as Hamlet and Richard II in Oxford University Dramatic Society productions. On joining Equity, the actor's trade union, he dropped the ``s'' in his name.
Peter Jelavich (born 1954) is an author and Professor of History at the Johns Hopkins University. Previously, Jelavich was professor of history and chair of the Department of Germanic Studies at the University of Texas at Austin. He received his PhD from Princeton University in 1982. Jelavich specializes in the cultural and intellectual history of Europe since the Enlightenment, with emphasis on Germany. His areas of interest include the interaction of elite and popular culture; the history of mass culture and the media; and the application of cultural and social theories to historical study. He is the author of Munich and Theatrical Modernism: Politics, Playwriting, and Performance, 1890-1914 (1985), Berlin Cabaret (1993), Berlin Alexanderplatz: Radio, Film, and the Death of Weimar Culture (2006). He was the 1987 recipient of the Herbert Baxter Adams Prize.
He is a member of the Royal Shakespeare Company. Among other roles, he played Ferdinand in a 1985 production of John Webster's The Duchess of Malfi. He graduated from the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art and is an Associate Member there. He was also an original cast member of Not the Nine O'Clock News, the first series of which was pulled from broadcast because of the General Election of 1979. Hyde has been in numerous films including The Contract, The Curse of King Tut's Tomb, Land of the Blind, The Tailor of Panama, Sherlock Holmes and the Case of the Silk Stocking, Eisenstein, The Mummy, Anaconda and Richie Rich.
Julia Randall was born in Baltimore, Maryland, in 1924. She graduated from Bryn Mawr School in 1941, Bennington College with a degree in English, and from Johns Hopkins Writing Seminar with a master's degree. She attended both Johns Hopkins Medical School and Harvard University but found that medicine and teaching did not leave her enough time to write poetry.
Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande was born in 1860, into a Chittapawan Brahmin family in Walkeshwar, Mumbai. He was educated at Elphinstone College in Mumbai and Deccan College in Pune. He graduated with a degree in Law in 1885 and joined the legal profession in 1887. Later he served a short stint as a lawyer in the High Court in Karachi.
Jo Coenen (born 30 September 1949 in Heerlen) is a Dutch architect and urban planner. He studied architecture at the Eindhoven University of Technology (graduating in 1975), and later held professorships at TU Karlsruhe, Eindhoven University of Technology and Delft University of Technology.
Pieter Grobler (born 1977 in South Africa) is a classical pianist. His early studies were with a family member and he later studied with Joseph Stanford at the University of Pretoria and Joseph Banowetz at the University of North Texas, U.S.A.. He currently holds the Collaborative Piano Position at Heidelberg University.
In 2011, BBC journalist Justin Webb revealed that Peter Woods was his natural father. Woods had an affair with Webb's mother who was a secretary at the Daily Mirror when Woods was a star reporter. Woods though was already married and Webb's mother was separated from her first husband. Webb commented that the separation may have been as much his mother's doing as his father's, saying ``I do not believe she was abandoned.'' Woods provided financially for Webb and supported his education at Sidcot School, but saw Webb only once, when he was six months old.
Sadolikar was born 1951 into a family from Kolhapur which was known for its musical tradition and owning sugar mills. She received training in Indian classical music from childhood. Her initial training was given by her father, Wamanrao Sadolikar, who was taught by the founder of the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana, Alladiya Khan, and his son Bhurji Khan. Following her studies with her father, Sadolikar learnt music for twelve years from Gulubhai Jasdanwala, who was known for his large collection of raga compositions, including compositions in rare ragas. Sadolikar earned a master's degree from SNDT Women's University in Mumbai and wrote a thesis on Haveli Sangeet, a type of temple music.
Farhad Darya was born in Kabul, Afghanistan, to an Afghan family originating from Kunduz. Farhad's blood lineage can be traced to the Nasher Khans. Darya attended Sher Khan High School in Kunduz, which was named after his grandfather Sher Khan after whom the Sher Khan Bander Khan Dam is also named. He started his first band by the name of Nayestan, meaning Reed-bed. He later graduated from Habibia High School. After high school he enrolled in the Polytechnical University of Kabul and then subsequently in Kabul University. It was while attending Kabul University that Darya founded his first professional band, Goroh-e-Baran, meaning Rain Band. Initially it was to be called Halqahai Tilayee (Golden Rings) but the newcomers later settled on the former title. The band itself was not largely successful, due in part to its non-traditional music; however, it did acquaint the public with the faces of the member singers: Darya, Asad Badie, Mukhtar Majid and Jawid Rahie. Still involved in his music career, Darya continued his studies in college. During this time, he wrote music for other artists under the pseudonym Abr (Cloud). In 1988, Darya became a professor at the university and taught Western classical music for a year before leaving for Europe.
Michael John Bell (born December 7, 1974 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is a minor league baseball coach for the Visalia Rawhide, former coach of the Yakima Bears, and former third baseman in Major League Baseball who played for the Cincinnati Reds in the season. He is the brother of David Bell, son of Buddy Bell and grandson of Gus Bell. Bell is a graduate of Moeller High School.
Ali Guryel obtained masters in Computer Science from Imperial College London.
Born in Greece, Terry Serepisos and his family emigrated to New Zealand when he was two years old. Serepisos attended Rongotai College with All Whites legend Wynton Rufer.
In 1958, Thomas Wilson was appointed to the Chair from Oxford. Originally from Northern Ireland, Wilson had studied at Queen's University Belfast and the London School of Economics, and worked during the War in the Ministries of Economic Warfare and Aircraft Production and the Prime Minister's Statistical Branch, being awarded an OBE in the 1945 Prime Minister's Resignation Honours. He retired in 1985 and was succeeded that year by David Vines. Vines was appointed shortly after completing his Ph.D. at the University of Cambridge, and left Glasgow in 1992 to become a Fellow in Economics at Balliol College, Oxford, becoming a Professor of Economics at Oxford in 2000.
Alex Wood (born Dundee, 1950) is a former Labour leader of Edinburgh City Council in Scotland. He was educated at Paisley Grammar School, the New University of Ulster, Moray House College of Education, Edinburgh University and Stirling University.
Raised in Seattle, Washington, Dena Landon took to reading and English classes from an early age. In 1991 her parents divorced and she moved to Bellevue. After graduating from High School in 1996, Dena moved to Boston where she attended Gordon College. Although she majored in Business Administration, she developed her writing skills by working with professors from the English department. After graduating in 1999, Dena gained a job in Finance, but worked on a novel in her free time.
Hiram Rafael Cancio (1920-December 16, 2008) was a judge of the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico. He received his B.A. from the University of Puerto Rico in 1942, and his LL.D. from the same institution in 1948. He was a member of Phi Sigma Alpha Fraternity.
Born in Asturias in the 18th century, Manuel Abad y Queipo obtained his baccalaureate in law and canon law from the University of Salamanca. Thereafter he went to Guatemala with Bishop Monroy. In Guatemala he was ordained a priest. Beginning in 1784 he resided in Valladolid (Morelia), where Bishop Antonio San Miguel made him a judge in a canon law court. In 1805 he obtained a doctorate in canon law from the University of Guadalajara. On the death of Bishop San Miguel, the Council of the Indies named him canon of the cathedral of Valladolid, a position which he held until 1815.
His parents were the Rev. Henry Clay and Clarissa (Jones) Fish. He attended Newark Academy and entered the University of Rochester, graduating with a B.A. degree in 1873. He then studied law, was admitted to the New Jersey Bar in 1876, and practised in Newark and in New York City from 1876 to 1890.
Du Gangjian was born in Hefei, Anhui in 1956. He received his B.A degree from Anhui Normal University in 1979 and Master of Law degree from Renmin University of China Department of Law in 1982.
Paul Cristo was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma. In 1992, Cristo moved to Phoenix, Arizona with his family. He attended Arcadia High School and graduated in 1998. He later attended Berklee College of Music in Boston and in 2001, received a Bachelor's degree in Music Composition, graduating magna cum laude.
Albert Howard was born at Bishop's Castle, Shropshire. He was the son of Richard Howard, a farmer, and Ann Howard, née Kilvert. He was educated at Wrekin College, Royal College of Science, South Kensington, and as Foundation Scholar, at St. John's College, Cambridge. In 1896, he graduated in Natural Sciences at Cambridge, where he also obtained a Diploma of Agriculture in 1897. In 1899, he lectured in Agricultural Science at Harrison College, Barbados, and in 1899 and 1902, was a Mycologist and Agricultural Lecturer at the Imperial Department of Agriculture for the West Indies. From 1903-1905, he was Botanist to the South-Eastern Agricultural College, Wye; and from 1905--1924, he was Imperial Economic Botanist to the Government of India. In 1914, he was created a Companion of the Indian Empire (C.I.E.), and received a Silver Medal of the Royal Society of Arts in 1920. From 1924-1931, Howard was Director of the Institute of Plant Industry, Indore, and Agricultural Adviser to States in Central India and Rajputana. He was made a Fellow of the Royal Asiatic Society in 1928, and in 1930 received the Barclay Memorial Medal of that society. He was knighted in 1934, and made an Honourable Fellow of the Imperial College of Science in 1935.
When the Hollis Professor of Divinity David Tappan died in 1803 and the president of Harvard Joseph Willard died a year later in 1804, the overseer of the college Jedidiah Morse demanded that orthodox men be elected. This angered the liberals with Unitarian leanings. After much struggle the Unitarian Henry Ware was elected. This signaled a shift as Harvard Divinity drifted from orthodox Calvinist conservative roots towards liberalism and Unitarianism. Jedidiah Morse went on to found the Andover Newton Theological School as an orthodox alternative to the Harvard Divinity School. Harvard Divinity was very much a Unitarian school even before Unitarianism was defined. Harvard Divinity school became a national training ground hub for Unitarian ministers. Some orthodox and evangelical critics called this ``The Unitarian takeover of Harvard.'' William Ellery Channing, a Harvard graduate and minister revered by Ralph Waldo Emerson, steered Unitarianism into a public and what evangelicals consider, controversial course. He publicly preached against the Trinity and the Congregationalist (those holding the Puritan/Calvinist ideals that only the elect receive salvation) churches split in half. The vast majority of Old Light Congregationalist churches became Unitarian and held Unitarian doctrines. To this day Old Light Congregationalist churches still exist, but in small numbers. The quip was made by critics and then later embraced by the Boston community that, ``Unitarian preaching is limited to fatherhood of God, the brotherhood of man and the neighborhood of Boston.''
Abul Barkat was born at village Babla in Bharatpur Thana of Murshidabad, Bengal (now in India) and migrated to Bangladesh (the then East Pakistan) in 1948. Barkat was the son of Shamsuddin. He passed his matriculation from Talibpur High School in 1945 and passed the intermediate from the Berhampore Krishnath College in 1947, as a student of the University of Calcutta. He came to East Bengal after the partition of India in 1948, and resided at his uncle's house named ``Bishnupria Bhaban''. In the same year he got admitted to Dhaka University to study political science. He received his honors in 1951 where he stood fourth in the second class. He was a Masters student of the University of Dhaka.
In 1977, 22-year-old James Cameron was a truck driver who wrote science fiction and painted small models. He saw and was upset that someone else created a film that he felt he should have made. He studied how the effects in Star Wars were done and practiced dolly shots in his living room. He also went to the library at University of Southern California to study special effects.
Rod Gilbreath attended Watkins High School in Laurel, Mississippi. After high school he enrolled in Jones County Junior College.
Richardson was born in New York City, the son of Bob Richardson, a fashion photographer who struggled with schizophrenia and drug abuse. Richardson was raised in Hollywood, a neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, where he attended Hollywood High School; and Ojai, California, where he attended Nordhoff High School. He was shy as a teenager and at some times deemed ``completely lacking in social skills''. He played bass guitar in the punk rock band The Invisible Government for 5 years. Richardson began photography when the band broke up and his mother introduced him to Tony Kent, a photographer who hired him as an assistant.
William Woodward Baldwin was born on June 23, 1862, the son of Summerfield Baldwin. He was raised in Baltimore and studied at Phillips Exeter Academy from 1880 to 1882. He later attended Harvard College, graduating with a bachelor of arts degree in 1886, and the University of Maryland School of Law, receiving an LL.B. in 1888. His wife, the former Katherine Willard, was a niece of Frances Willard. Together, they would have a son, Summerfield.
Timothy App attended Kent State University in Ohio, where he received a BFA degree in painting in 1970. He continued his study of painting at Tyler School of Art of Temple University and in 1974 received an MFA. During his thirty-two years of teaching, he has taught at Pomona College in California, the University of New Mexico in Albuquerque, and since 1990 at MICA. With many one-person and group exhibitions, he has shown his abstract paintings regionally, nationally and abroad. In 1988, his work was the focus of a 20-year survey exhibition. Most recently, his work from the last seven years was the subject of an exhibition with a catalog at Goya Contemporary in Baltimore, where his paintings and prints are represented. His work is included in many private and public collections. He is a recipient of a NEA fellowship in painting, as well as an individual artist's grant from the Maryland State Arts Council. Twice he has received the Trustee's Award for Excellence in Teaching at MICA, and has been nominated for the Richard C. Diebenkorn Teaching Fellowship. In addition to teaching and painting, he has written on the work of other artists, lectured on his own work and curated exhibitions of abstract painting.
Representative Keller has a wife: Gayle, three children: Matt, April & Zach, and five grandchildren. Wes Keller graduated from Central High School, Superior, Wisconsin in 1964 and received a Bachelor of Science in Broad Field Science Major with minors in Math and Physics from the University of Wisconsin-- Superior in 1986.
William Fleming High School is also a member of the AAA Western Valley District. The Colonels have established strong programs in men's basketball and football with a Group AA state championship in men's basketball in 2007 and two state runner-up seasons in both sports over the last 15 years. Lee Suggs graduated from Fleming. Roanoke Catholic High School is a member of the Virginia Independent Schools Athletic Association. The Celtics won a VISAA football state championship in 1994 and have recently fielded strong men's basketball teams, often with foreign players, and have produced college players such as Virginia's J.R. Reynolds. The Celtics have won 3 VIS Basketball championships in the past years.
Erin Mathews (born 1977) is a Canadian voice actress. Erin is a graduate of the Studio 58 theatre program. She has worked in theatres across Canada, and is a founding member of the Theatre Melee collective.
Robert E. Van Voorst (born 5 June 1952) is a Professor of New Testament Studies at Western Theological Seminary, in Holland, Michigan, and has published scholarly works in early Christian writings and New Testament Greek. He received his B.A. in Religion from Hope College in Holland, Michigan, his M.Div. from Western Theological Seminary in Holland, Michigan, and his Ph.D. in New Testament from Union Theological Seminary in New York City. He has served at Lycoming College (Methodist) in Williamsport, PA, and was a visiting professor at Westminster College, Oxford, England.
Sal Restivo is a leading contributor to science studies and in particular to the sociology of mathematical knowledge. His current work focuses on the sociology and anthropology of mind and brain, and the sociology of god and religion. He has also done work in the sociology of social and sociable robotics. He helped launch the ethnographic study of science in the 1970s, and is a founding member and former president of the Society for Social Studies of Science. He was a founding member of the Association for Humanist Sociology, and was also involved with Science for the People in its formative years and active in the Radical Science Movement. His pioneering work in the sociology of mathematics has been a key factor in bringing social constructionism into mathematics education and the philosophy of mathematics education. He also helped to develop the science and technology studies curriculum which has become a popular major at universities throughout the US and the world. He is based in the USA and has worked as a professor for many years at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Troy, NY. He has been awarded multiple NSF and NEH grants and fellowships as well as support from other agencies. He has been a Nordisk Forskerutdanningsakademi Professor simultaneously at Roskilde University (Denmark) and the University of Gothenburg (Sweden); a Belgian National Research Foundation Professor, Free University of Brussels (Belgium); and a Special Professor of Mathematics Education at Nottingham University (United Kingdom). He is a former Hixon/Riggs Professor of Science, Technology, and Society at Harvey Mudd College, and currently holds the title of Special Lecture Professor at the Research Institute for the Philosophy of Science and Technology at Northeastern University in Shenyang, China. At RPI, he was Professor of Sociology, Science Studies, and Information Technology. His announced retirement will become effective on June 30, 2012.
Jeanne Murray Walker was born Jeanne Murray in Parkers Prairie, Minnesota, the daughter of John Gerald and Erna Murray. In 1965, she won the Atlantic Monthly Award for both fiction and Poetry and was named the Atlantic Monthly Scholar at Bread Loaf School of English. She graduated from Wheaton College (Illinois) with a B.A. in English in 1966. In 1969 she received an M.A. from Loyola University (Chicago), and in 1974, she was granted a Ph.D. in English from The University of Pennsylvania. Walker's poems and essays have appeared in Poetry, The Georgia Review, Image, The Atlantic Monthly, Best American Poetry and many other journals. Her plays have been staged across the United States and in London. Among her awards are an NEA Fellowship, an Atlantic Monthly Fellowship, and a Pew Fellowship in The Arts. In 2005 she hosted a documentary about poetry in Pennsylvania, which was broadcast and rebroadcast on television and the web. A selection from her ``Aunt Joe Poems'' was featured on busses and trains with the Poetry in Motion Project. A Professor of English at The University of Delaware, Jeanne also teaches in the Seattle Pacific Low Residency MFA Program.
Frank E. Baxter was born in Northern California in 1938. He served in the U.S. Air Force for four years. In 1961, he graduated from the University of California at Berkeley with a B.A. in Economics. From 1961 to 1963, he worked for the Bank of California in San Francisco. In 1963, he joined J.S. Strauss and Company, San Francisco.
Henry Hall Dixon was born at Warwick Bridge, Cumberland, on 16 May 1822, and was educated at Rugby School and at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he graduated in 1846. He took up the profession of the law, but, though called to the bar in 1853, soon returned to sporting journalism, in which he had already made a name for himself, and began to write regularly for the Sporting Magazine, in the pages of which appeared three of his novels, Post and Paddock (1856), Silk and Scarlet (1859), and Scott and Sebright (1862). He also published a legal compendium entitled The Law of the Farm (1858), which ran through several editions. His other more important works were Field and Fern (1865), giving an account of the herds and flocks of Scotland, and Saddle and Sirloin (1870), treating in the same manner those of England. He died at Kensington on 16 March 1870.
Sean Ali was born In Karachi, Pakistan in an Iranian and Pakistani descent family. At the age of 14 he had started to show talents which were displayed during his years at Milliken Mills High School, Markham, Ontario.
Torsti Lehtinen, Finnish writer and philosopher, was born in Helsinki in 1942. He studied philosophy, theology and literature at the University of Helsinki.
William Shunn (born August 14, 1967, Los Angeles, California) is a science fiction writer and computer programmer. He was raised in a Latter-day Saint household, the oldest of eight children. He attended the Clarion Workshop in 1985. In 1986, he served a mission to Canada for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, but was arrested for making a false bomb threat, for the purpose of preventing his fellow missionary from returning home.
Hill rarely worked as a sideman after the 1960s, preferring to play his own compositions. This may have limited his public exposure. He obtained a doctorate in music from Colgate University of Hamilton and served as the university's composer in residence from 1970 to 1972. He later taught in California and was an associate professor on a tenure track at Portland State University. During his time at PSU, he established a Summer Jazz Intensive program in addition to performing, conducting workshops and attending residencies at other universities such as Wesleyan University, University of Michigan, University of Toronto, Harvard University and Bennington College. He married dancer/educator Joanne Robinson Hill in Portland in 1992. They moved to New York City in 1995. His final public performance was on March 29, 2007 at Trinity Church in New York City. Andrew Hill suffered from lung cancer during the last years of his life. He died at his home in Jersey City.
Like other early marques, Locomobile entered motor racing, contesting the 1905 Gordon Bennett Cup with a 17.7 liter (1080ci) racer; after suffering a transmission gear failure, and with no spare available, driver Joe Tracy only managed two circuits of Auvergne before the transmission packed up entirely. Tracy did better for the company at the Vanderbilt Cup, placing third. A 90 hp (67 kW) 16.2 liter (989ci) F-head was sabotaged by tire trouble, so Tracy failed again in the 1906 Vanderbilt, but in 1908, George Robertson (wearing #16) took the win in this car, ahead of fellow Locomobile pilot Joe Florida in third, becoming the first United States-built car to win in international competition. This would be the high water mark for Locomobile racing, and they soon faded from the scene, though Orin Davis did score a win in the Los Angeles-Phoenix rally in 1913.
Edmund Craster was educated at Clifton College and Balliol College, Oxford. He became a Fellow of All Souls College, Oxford in 1903, and edited the History of Northumberland (volumes 8 to 10) between 1904 and 1914. He was appointed Sub-Librarian of the Bodleian Library in 1912, also serving as Keeper of Western Manuscripts from 1927, until 1931 when he became Bodley's Librarian. He left in 1945, the year in which he received his knighthood, and became the Librarian of All Souls in 1946. His writings included Speeches on Foreign Policy by Lord Halifax in 1940 and a History of the Bodleian Library in 1952. He died on 21 March 1959.
Oklahoma is a 1979 independent 16mm film by James Benning, an instructor at the California Institute of the Arts.
In 1962 Jan Berry decided to create a female answer to Jan & Dean called Judy & Jill, featuring Jill Gibson with Dean Torrence's girlfriend Judy Lovejoy. Demo recordings such as ``Come On Baby'' (written by Gibson & Lovejoy), ``Eleventh Minute'' (written by Gibson & Altfeld), ``Just For Tonight'', and ``Baby What's It Gonna Be'' were cut and produced by Berry for Liberty Records. Gibson performed most of the leads on these unreleased demos. But nothing major happened with the Judy & Jill recordings, and Gibson switched to providing background vocals on several Jan & Dean album cuts. Meanwhile she studied visual arts at the University of California at Los Angeles.
Page is the grandson of former Australian Prime Minister Sir Earle Page. He was educated at the University of New England where he completed the degrees of Bachelor of Economics, Diploma in Rural Accounting, and Master of Economics. He played rugby union for New South Wales at under-23 level. Prior to becoming the member for Ballina, he was a financial analyst, economist, administrative manager, part-time lecturer, and beef producer.
Lars Graugaard (born 1957) is a Danish composer, performer, media artist and sonologist. He is a graduate of the Royal Danish Academy of Music, where he studied flute and Oxford Brookes University where he defended a PhD in gesture and emotion in interactive music.
In July 2009, Gary Numan appeared as a special guest at the ``Wave Goodbye'' Nine Inch Nails concert at The O2 arena (London) in London. Before coming on stage, Trent Reznor explained how Numan was ``vitally important and a huge inspiration'' to him during the past 20 years. Numan then went on to play two songs with Nine Inch Nails; ``Cars'' and ``Metal''. Numan appeared once again at the final run of the ``Wave Goodbye'' shows in Los Angeles, CA. In August 2009 he played at the Hevy Music Festival in Folkestone, UK. On 2 September 2009 at the Hollywood Palladium, Numan joined Reznor on stage to perform ``Metal'' and ``Cars'' near the end of the Nine Inch Nails set. He then joined the band onstage a third time at the Echoplex in Los Angeles, CA, this time performing ``Metal'' and ``I Die: You Die'' from the album Telekon. He then joined them a fourth time at the Henry Fonda Theater, performing ``Down In The Park'', ``Metal'' and ``Cars''. Mike Garson initially played ``Down In The Park (Piano Version)'' before they started the song. He then joined them for the final show at the Wiltern Theater.
Victor Christ-Janer was born in Elysian, Minnesota on March 27, 1915 and raised in nearby Waterville. Mr. Christ-Janer trained in liberal arts, sculpting, painting, and architecture at St. Olaf College from the years 1933-1935. From 1937-1939, he served as director of a summer art school at Stephens College. From 1941-1942 he was the chief graphic designer for Nelson Rockefeller, the Coordinator of Inter-American Affairs. He continued his education at Yale University, where he received his Bachelor of Fine Arts with honors in 1940. His studies were interrupted when he served in World War II. After securing a conscientious objector status, he volunteered for service in a non-fighting position, where he then served in the European theatre. (He had access to photos taken at a German concentration camp right after it was entered by the Allies. He kept the photos on his desk in his office in New Canaan referring to them often as examples of the horror of the Holocaust and something he would never forget. In fact, when an accountant, who worked for him (who was Jewish) bought a Mercedes, Victor chided him so much that he sold it and bought a Jaguar.) . After the war, he was employed as an associate of Nemeny and Geller from 1946-1948. Mr. Christ-Janer returned to Yale University where he received his Bachelor of Architecture in 1947. He was employed as a designer for IBEC from 1948-1949.
Jeff Mandel (born April 30, ) is a North American professional baseball player. He is a right-handed pitching prospect in the Washington Nationals organization. Mandel attended Baylor University and was selected by the Nationals in the 19th round of the 2007 amateur draft.
Chris Anthony (born January 10, 1979 in Bettendorf, Iowa) is a medical student at the University of Iowa, programmer, and designer/innovator at canthony86 D http://www.canthony86.com. Chris also played six years in Arena Football League wide receiver/linebacker for the New York Dragons. He attended Iowa State University.
Alex Legion (born November 16, 1988 in Inkster, Michigan) is an American basketball player who played at Oak Hill Academy. He signed out of high school with the University of Michigan, but withdrew his commitment when Wolverine head coach Tommy Amaker was fired. He then enrolled at the University of Kentucky but transferred to the University of Illinois during his first college semester. He is a 6'4``, 199 lbs. Parade All-American guard.
Foskett originally came from San Jose, California, where in the early-1970s his first band was a surf group named ``Cherry'', after the Willow Glen area street on which he lived. He attended Willow Glen High School and is listed as one of the high school's ``notable alumni''. Cherry played mostly surf music covers in the same market as Papa Doo Run Run aka Papa Do Run Da Run, whom Foskett would join forces with decades later. In the late seventies, Foskett formed two renowned bands; The ``Reverie Rhythm Rockers'' (aka: ``Reverie'') and ``The Pranks'' in Santa Barbara, California, gigging throughout the area with fellow area bands like ``D. B. Cooper'' (Foskett appears on that band's 1979 Warner Brothers debut album Buy American, singing background vocals). Although Jeff's two bands consisted of the same members: mostly Jeffrey Foskett, Randell Kirsch and Bo Fox (with Robby Scharf sitting in), Reverie performed all 1960s cover music whereas The Pranks played only original music written by Foskett and Kirsch. They held a house residency at The Troubadore Nightclub in Hollywood every Monday night performing with such other 1970s notable bands as The Mentors, The Cretones, The Police, 20/20, The Beat, The Pop. The Pencils and The Rickys to name a very few. Other notable members of Jeff's two bands included: Art ``Crying'' Battson, Fred ``Crying'' Meckauer, Jim ``Savage'' Shaffer, Carter Morgan, Dr. Tim, Philip Claypool, Dave (Younque) Humes, Sneak Van Der Snake and The Very Cool Randy J. In search of the elusive record deal The Pranks continued to perform into the early 1980s.
Mark Foley was born in Cork in 1975 and when he was nine months old his family moved to Adare, County Limerick. He was born into a family that had a great interest in Gaelic games. His father would later serve as a selector with the Limerick senior hurling team. Foley was educated locally and later attended Mary Immaculate College in Limerick where he studied to be a primary school teacher. Here he played on both the college hurling and college football teams.
The 1989 Masters Tournament was the 53rd Masters Tournament held from April 6-9 at Augusta National Golf Club. Nick Faldo won his first Masters championship and second major title with a birdie on the second sudden-death playoff hole over Scott Hoch. This tournament is well known for Hoch missing a two-foot putt on the first playoff hole that would have won him the tournament. Greg Norman continued his misfortunes at the Masters bogeying 18 to fall one shot back in a tie for third with Ben Crenshaw.
Gourlay has guest-teaching engagements in Lyon, Weimar, the Eastman School of Music, the Juilliard School and the Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts. He was Head of Wind and Percussion at the Royal Northern College of Music, where he was awarded an honorary Fellowship, before returning to his Scottish roots and taking the appointment of Director of the School of Music at the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama. Now pursuing his a career as a soloist, conductor and pedagogue, James Gourlay is in wide demand internationally. He holds a Master's degree, with distinction, from the University of Leeds and Doctor of Music Arts Degree from the University of Salford.
Gowen was born in Philadelphia in 1855, the son of James Emmet Gowen and Clementine Innes. His father was a noted railroad lawyer and his uncle, Franklin B. Gowen, was a president of the Philadelphia and Reading Railroad. Francis Gowen attended the University of Pennsylvania, but left during his junior year to study law. After passing the Pennsylvania Bar, he practiced law with his father until James Gowen's death in 1885. His uncle, Franklin B. Gowen, continued to practice law after his tenure as president of the Philadelphia & Reading ended in 1883, and Francis Gowen joined his uncle's firm after his father's death. During this time, Gowen also became a director of the Girard Trust Company, a large banking firm in Philadelphia. After his uncle's sudden death in 1889, Francis I. Gowen formed a practice with James E. Hood and Charles E. Ingersoll.
Pete Finch was born and raised in the city of Bridgeport, Connecticut. He attended Central High School where he played on the football team and also served as the class president. Finch gradutated from the honors program at the University of Connecticut in 2004, with a bachelor's degree in marketing. While a student at UConn, Pete Finch began producing Live! with Pete Finch, his own original television show that aired every Tuesday night at 8 pm on UCTV channel 14 at the UConn campus from 2002 through 2004. Pete showcased popular athletes, cultural groups, student leaders and organizations in an interactive, live, call-in variety talk show. The show gained so much popularity that Pete decided to continue his show after graduating.
Christopher Esclapez (Franco-American, born October 12, 1976) is a new media expert and founder of Grandcrew, one of the leading concert video websites. Founded in April 2008 in Paris France, the site broadcasts live music concerts from the best emerging and established bands, in high quality and in full-length format. Christopher holds an MBA from INSEAD and a BS in Electrical Engineering from the University of Virginia.
Diane Torr grew up in Aberdeen, Scotland and later attended Dartington College of Arts, England, where she studied with dance luminaries Mary Fulkerson and Steve Paxton, art pioneer Paul Oliver, and theatre innovators, Peter Hulton and Peter Feldman (of the Open Theatre). She graduated in 1976 and arrived in New York that same year. Her first dance performances in New York (Egyptian Stock; Half-Lives of Plutonium; World Shift; Wind Fertilization) were in downtown loft spaces in 1978. Diane Torr took class at the Cunningham Studios, and began her practice of the Japanese martial art of Aikido at New York Aikikai in 1977 and in 2003 achieved the rank of sandan (3rd degree blackbelt). Torr received her MFA degree from Bard College, New York in 2004. From the onset of her career in the late 1970s, Diane Torr has been a leading figure in creating performance that challenges contemporary edicts and perceptions of gender and sexuality. With her drag king workshops, which she began teaching in 1990 in New York, with artist Johnny Science, Torr was a pivotal force in the establishment of drag king culture in the US, Europe, Istanbul and New Delhi. In collaboration with performance artist, Bridge Markland, Diane Torr co-directed the highly successful godrag! Festival(2002) in Berlin - a one-month long festival of women performing masculinity, femininity, androgyny and drag.
Nick Aplin was educated at Poole Grammar School in Dorset, England (1963--1970). In 1970 he embarked on a period of Voluntary Service Overseas (VSO) being posted to Papine Secondary School in Kingston Jamaica. Returning to England in 1971 he then applied for a place at Loughborough Colleges to study for his degree in physical education (PE). He graduated in 1976 and secured a teaching position at Marlborough College in Wiltshire. His eight year stint included three years on an exchange programme in Melbourne, Australia.
Bob Akin was born March 6, 1936, in North Tarrytown, N.Y., and was raised in Sleepy Hollow Manor. He was educated at Hackley School in Tarrytown and later served on its board for 30 years and as president from 1980 to 1990. At Columbia University, he earned a bachelor's degree in engineering and a master's degree in business administration. He spent 40 years with the Hudson Wire Company in Ossining, N.Y., which was founded by his grandfather in 1901, and was president from 1974 until he retired in 1995. In 1989 the company was dominating the worldwide aircraft and aerospace wiring market when it was sold to the Phelps Dodge Corporation.
He was born on July 30, 1930 in Mladá Boleslav, Czechoslovakia. His father, Miloslav Rechcigl, Sr., was a prominent politician in the pre-World War II Czechoslovakia, having been elected as the youngest member to the Czechoslovak Parliament and who held the position of President of the Millers Association of Bohemia and Moravia. After the communist takeover, he escaped from his native country and in 1950 immigrated to the United States, where he became a naturalized citizen in 1955. He studied at Cornell University from 1951--58, receiving his B.S., M.N.S., and Ph.D. degrees there, specializing in biochemistry, nutrition, physiology, and food science.
In his role as president emeritus, Robinson works closely with Whitworth President Beck A. Taylor and the university's institutional advancement staff on external relations. He also writes and speaks widely on leadership, organizational culture and communication in corporate, nonprofit and ministry settings. A communications scholar who has distinguished himself as a teacher, speaker and community leader, Robinson earned his bachelor's degree from the University of Northern Iowa, his master's degree from Wheaton College, and his Ph.D. from the University of Pittsburgh. He also studied at Princeton Theological Seminary and the Moody Bible Institute. Most of his scholarly work has focused on organizational, cross-cultural and interpersonal communication. He has also done informal research in his undergraduate majors of religion and philosophy. In 2010, a second edition of Robinson's book Leading People from the Middle: The Universal Mission of Mind and Heart was released. The book was first published in 2002 by Executive Excellence. His second book, Incarnate Leadership, was released by Zondervan in February 2009. Robinson is a past chair of the Spokane Regional Chamber of Commerce (now Greater Spokane Incorporated) and a founding co-chair of the Higher Education Leadership Group of Spokane. He also serves on the board of Princeton Theological Seminary and the ING Educators Advisory Board, and he is an independent observer to the executive committee of Moss Adams, LLP. Born Sept. 30, 1949, in Elmhurst, Ill., Robinson has been married since 1974 to Bonnie Robinson , a classical musician who serves as principal organist for First Presbyterian Church of Spokane. The Robinsons have two daughters, Brenna and Bailley, and a son, Benjamin. Brenna, Whitworth Class of 2000, is an ordained minister in the Presbyterian Church (USA). Her husband, Alan Stanfield, '97, is an English teacher and head football coach at Spokane's Shadle Park High School. They have a son, Asher Alan Stanfield, born in July 2008, and a daughter, Anna Mae Stanfield, born in July 2010. Ben graduated from Whitworth in 2003; after spending two-and-a-half years working with youth in an international Anglican church in Cairo, Egypt, he attended Princeton Theological Seminary and returned to Cairo as an ordained minister in the church he served before attending Princeton. Ben's wife, Emily (Hinson, '05), works as a registered nurse in Cairo; she also does volunteer healthcare for refugees. Bailley is a 2006 graduate of Pepperdine University; she earned her M.S.W. from Washington University, in St. Louis. In 2008 she married Michael Wootton, Whitworth Class of '04. They live and work in Nashville, Tennessee, she with Big Brothers Big Sisters and he as a photographer.
Joseph Donahue is an American poet, critic, and editor. Donahue was born in Dallas, Texas, on September 22, 1954 and grew up in Lowell, Massachusetts. He attended Columbia University and lived for many years in New York City. He now resides in Durham, North Carolina, where he is a senior lecturing fellow at Duke University.
Pascal Langdale is an English actor, who has played supporting roles in a number of television dramas since 1999. Pascal Langdale also lent his voice and likeness to the critically acclaimed video game Heavy Rain, in which he played Ethan Mars. He studied at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art for 3 years.
John Lyle Donaghy was born on 28 July 1902 in Larne, the eldest son of a Presbyterian minister. He was educated at Larne Grammar School and Trinity College, Dublin, after which he became a schoolteacher. In Dublin, Donaghy was active in theatrical activities, founding the Phoenix Theatre in Dun Laoghaire in 1932. He published in T.S. Eliot's The Criterion and Poetry (Chicago) and appeared in the Devin-Adair anthology New Irish Poets (1949). He died of tuberculosis on 4 May 1949.
Ben Taylor attended high school at Tabor Academy, a college preparatory boarding school in Marion, Massachusetts.
Born in Chatham, Paul Blomfield was educated at the Abbeydale Boys' Grammar School in Sheffield and Tadcaster Grammar School. He received a certificate in education from York St John University.
Noah Samara was born in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia to a Sudanese father and an Ethiopian mother. He left his home country and went to the United States at the age of 17 in search of better education. Samara received his bachelor's degree in English from East Stroudsburg University of Pennsylvania in 1978, a master's degree in international business from the Georgetown University School of Foreign Service and a doctor of jurisprudence from Georgetown University Law School. He is an attorney that has specialized in international communications satellite laws.peaople
Vivek Mushran (born 9 August 1969, at Narsinghpur in Madhya Pradesh) is an Indian actor. He studied at Sherwood College, Nainital. He started his career in 1991 with blockbuster Hindi movie Saudagar. He acted in many movies including Ram Jaane, First Love Letter, and Anjaane. He has also acted in STAR Plus TV sitcom Son Pari, Zee TV serial Kittie Party and he was seen in Sony TV serial Bhaskar Bharti and Doordarshan TV serial Ae Dil-E-Naadaan.The serial he worked in most recently was Baat Hamari Pakki Hai on Sony TV. He has sung songs in his album Kahin Kho Gaya. His latest role was as Inder, Saachi's uncle in Baat Hamari Pakki Hai (Sony TV).
Latacz studied Classical Philology, Indo-Germanic languages, Ancient History and Archaeology from 1954-1956 at the Martin Luther University of Halle-Wittenberg. He then studied Classical Philology, Ancient History and Philosophy at the Free University of Berlin, completing his first degree in 1960. From 1960--1966 was a research associate at the Thesaurus Linguae Graecae under Bruno Snell and Hartmut Erbse at the University of Hamburg. He earned his Ph.D. at the Free University of Berlin under Uvo Hölscher in 1963.
Knabjian went to Eastern Illinois University, from which he graduated with a degree in Business Management. Together with fellow EIU student, Brian Ebersole, he started practicing MMA when he was in his freshman year of college. He also wrestled for EIU, a Division 1 school.
Dalibor Vesely was born in Prague, Czech Republic in 1934. He studied engineering, architecture, art history and philosophy in Prague and in Munich and obtained his PhD from Charles University in Prague. He studied with Hans-Georg Gadamer, with whom he kept a correspondence that would last until the end of Gadamer's life. He was also taught by Jan Patočka and has developed an interest in the poetics and hermeneutics of architecture.
Mark Applebaum (born 1967 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American composer and professor teaching at Stanford University. He received his Ph.D. in composition from the University of California at San Diego where he studied with Brian Ferneyhough, Joji Yuasa, Rand Steiger, and Roger Reynolds. He received his bachelors degree from Carleton College where he studied composition with Phillip Rhodes and completed a senior thesis where he interviewed Conlon Nancarrow in Mexico City.
He was born in Nice, France in 1940, of Russo-Italian, Romano-Levantine parents, who lived out the war years in a village in the French Alps. He studied for six years in Egypt at Victoria College, Cairo from 1950--56, before emigrating with his mother to England and finishing his high school education at Cheltenham College, Gloucestershire. He read English at St Edmund Hall, Oxford, graduating with a First in 1961. Gabriel Josipovici taught at the University of Sussex at Brighton from 1963 until 1998, where he is Research Professor in the Graduate School of Humanities. He was formerly Weidenfeld Professor of Comparative Literature at the University of Oxford. Josipovici has published over a dozen novels, three volumes of short stories and a number of critical books. Carcanet Press have published his work since his novel Contre Jour in 1986. His plays have been performed throughout Britain and on radio in France and Germany, and his work has been translated into the major European languages and Arabic. In 2001 he published A Life, a biographical memoir of his mother, the translator and poet Sacha Rabinovitch. In 2007, Gabriel Josipovici gave the University of London Coffin Lecture on Literature; the lecture was entitled ``What ever happened to Modernism?'' and was subsequently published by Yale University Press.
Tom Blasingame (1898-1989), considered to have been the oldest cowboy in the American West, lived in Claude. He worked in ranching, mostly on the JA Ranch, for seventy-three years until his death in 1989. Laura Vernon Hamner, an historian, was the postmistress in Claude from 1913-1921. In 1935, she penned a novel about Charles Goodnight entitled The No-Gun Man from Texas. In 1943, she published the acclaimed Short Grass and Longhorns. Charles E. Maple, a journalist, chamber of commerce official, and Texas state parks figure, graduated in 1950 from Claude High School. Charles Howard Roan, Medal of Honor Recipient, Battle of Peleliu - 1944 - United States Marine Corps
George Cowgill and his twin brother, linguist Warren Cowgill (d. 1985), were born near Grangeville, Idaho in 1929. George Cowgill graduated from Stanford University in 1952 with a degree in physics.
Simon Kirby was born in Hastings, East Sussex in 1964. He attended Chantry Infants School, Sandown Primary School and Hastings Grammar School. He has a BSc(Hons) degree in Mathematical Modelling from the Open University and studied Operational Research at the London School of Economics.
Cowper was born in Sydney, the son of Rev. William Cowper, D.D., assistant colonial chaplain, and his second wife Ann, née Barrell . Educated by his father and at the University of Oxford he graduated B.A., 1833, and M.A. 1835. Cowper returned to Australia in 1836 and was made chaplain at Port Stephens, New South Wales where he remained for 20 years, and then became Acting Principal of Moore Theological College, Sydney, for a few months after the College opened at Liverpool on 1 March 1856.
As a composer, Horvitz has been commissioned by The Kitchen, The Kronos Quartet, Brooklyn Academy of Music, New World Records, The Seattle Chamber Players and Earshot Jazz. He has received commissioning grants from Meet the Composer, The National Endowment for the Arts, The New York State Arts Council, The Mary Flagler Carey Trust, The Seattle Arts Commission, The Lila Wallace-Reader's Digest Fund and The Fund for U.S. Artists. In 2002 he was awarded a Rockefeller MAP grant for the creation of a new piece, Joe Hill, for chamber orchestra and voice, which premiered in October 2004 in Seattle. His 2003 composition, Whispers, Hymns and a Murmur for String Quartet and soloist, funded in part by a Seattle City Artist grant, premiered in March 2004. This composition and his earlier string quartet, Mountain Language are released on the Tzadik label. His newest string quartet composition, These Hills of Glory, was commissioned with support from 4Culture and the Mayors Office of Arts and Cultural Affairs. His recent collaboration with Tucker Martine, Mylab, was on the top 10 CD list for 2004 in jazz in both the New Yorker and Amazon.com. In February 2005 he received the Golden Ear award from Earshot Jazz for ``Concert of the Year.''
Samuel Johnson (born 1978, Daylesford, Victoria, Australia) is an Australian actor, radio presenter and voiceover artist. He was educated at Wesley College, Melbourne and is best known for his role as Evan Wylde in the television series The Secret Life of Us.
Li Ruogu graduated with a Masters in Law from Beijing University in 1981 and a Masters in Public Administration from Princeton University in 1983. He was briefly an assistant professor at Beijing University before joining the People's Bank of China in 1985. In the 1990s, Li spent a year as an International Monetary Fund economist and four years at the Asian Development Bank as the chief representative of China, as well as acting as liaison to the African Development Bank. He was at the position of Deputy Governor in charge of international affairs in the People's Bank of China before moving to the current position in late 2005.
David Thompson is an American writer and playwright. He graduated from Northwestern University's Medill School of Journalism.
Peter Stanley was born in Liverpool, UK, and migrated to Whyalla, South Australia, with his family in 1966. He attended the Australian National University and has three degrees from it, a BA (1977), Litt. B. (1984) and PhD (1993).
Somerset was the second son of Henry Somerset, 6th Duke of Beaufort, and Lady Charlotte Sophia, daughter of Granville Leveson-Gower, 1st Marquess of Stafford. Henry Somerset, 7th Duke of Beaufort was his elder brother. He was educated at Christ Church, Oxford (2nd class classics 1813).
His mother, María Hortensia de Herrera de Lacalle, was the daughter of the Blanco political leader Luis Alberto de Herrera, after whom Lacalle was named. Luis Alberto Lacalle joined the National Party at the age of 17. In 1961 he started working as a journalist for Clarin and he graduated from the University of the Republic's law school in 1964. In 1971, he was elected deputy for Montevideo and kept his seat until the 1973 coup through which president Juan María Bordaberry dissolved parliament.
Mitty Collier was born in Birmingham, Alabama, the seventh child of Rufus and Gertrude Collier, and attended Western-Olin High School, Alabama A & M College and Miles College where she majored in English. She began singing in church as a teenager, and toured with gospel groups, the Hayes Ensemble and the Lloyd Reese Singers, before starting to sing rhythm and blues in local clubs to help subsidise her college education. In 1959, while visiting Chicago, she entered DJ Al Benson's talent show at the Regal Theater, winning for six straight weeks and gaining her a slot on a bill with B. B. King and Etta James as a prize. This brought her to the attention of Ralph Bass of Chess Records, who offered her a recording contract.
Carlton Massey (born January 17, 1930 in Nevada, Texas) was a professional American football defensive lineman and pro bowler who played for the NFL's Cleveland Browns (1954--1956) and Green Bay Packers (1957--1958). He attended Southwestern University and the University of Texas.
Peri Tarr received her BS in Zoology from the University of Massachusetts Amherst in 1986, and her MS and PhD in Computer Science from the University of Massachusetts Amherst (1992 and 1996, respectively). Between her BS and MS/PhD, she worked full-time at the University of Massachusetts Physical Plant, attempting to introduce an automated system to help with the Plant's operations. After receiving her PhD, she joined the IBM Thomas J. Watson Research Center as a Research Staff Member in 1996, where she worked on and led various projects relating to issues of software composition, morphogenic software, and aspect-oriented software development.
Sheila Ellison is an author, and nationally recognized speaker on successful parenting. Her advice has been helping over a million parents creatively feed, play with and raise their children. She earned a B.A. in psychology from the University of Southern California. Ellison created and co-authored a series of parenting books with a 365-day theme as well as a number of books about divorce and single parenting. She will.
Derval Symes received a bursary for a residency at The Tyrone Guthrie Centre in 2004. She also received a bursary from Leitrim County Council in 2006 for artists born or living in Leitrim. In 2005, the book Earthworks by Philomena Kearney-Byrne about the works of Derval Symes was published by BackYard books.
John Williams was born in Roxbury, Massachusetts Bay Colony in 1664. Son of Samuel Williams (1632--98) and Theoda Park (1637--1718). His grandfather Robert had immigrated there from England about 1638. John had local schooling. Later he attended Harvard College, where he graduated in 1683.
Luigi Lonfernini (born August 31, 1938) was Captain Regent of San Marino in 1971 and 2001. He is also a lawyer and banker. He served as a member of the Sammarinese Christian Democratic Party. He received a law degree from the University of Bologna.
The son of Florence and Christopher Chukwurah who is also on the Board of Directors of Reach the Children and former member of the Quorum of the Seventy of the LDS Church. Ebube Chukwurah is President and CEO at Bargain Ocean Marketing Inc a company that has a worldwide business reach and provides logistics and consulting services to a worldwide clientele utilizing the Vehicle of the internet to minimize overhead associated with its competitors. Before founding the company, he attended Brigham Young University in Utah where he pursued a degree in Economics. He owns several other businesses under his parent company and is involved in numerous entrepreneurial ventures. He has made numerous contributions to businesses around the globe through his exceptional talent in business.
Hans Schenk graduated from the University of Oregon (US), obtained his MBA in the collaborative Leuven/Cornell programme and his summa cum laude doctorate in economics from Université de Nice-Sophia Antipolis (FR). He has held chairs at several foreign institutions, among which the China-Europe Management Institute in Beijing and Université Louis Pasteur in Strasbourg (FR). He currently is a fellow of CIBAM at Cambridge University (UK).
Brian Deese works at the National Economic Council and is special assistant to the president for economic policy. Previously, he served as a member of the Economic Policy Working Group for the Obama-Biden transition. He emerged as ``one of the most influential voices'' in the Obama Administration relative to the auto industry, and specifically the Chrysler and GM workouts. He has appeared in videos posted on change.gov by the transition team. Before joining the transition team, he was deputy economic policy director for the 2008 Barack Obama presidential campaign and, before that, for Gene Sperling in the 2008 Clinton campaign. He graduated from Middlebury College in 2000 with a degree in Political Science and from Yale Law School in 2009. Previously, he was a senior policy analyst for economic policy at the Center for American Progress. Deese also worked as a research assistant at the Center for Global Development, hired by founder Nancy Birdsall, according to The New York Times, where he co-authored the book ''Delivering on Debt Relief''. In November of 2011, Deese was included on The New Republic's list of Washington's most powerful, least famous people.
Roshell Bissett is the fifth and only daughter of James Bissett who was a Canadian diplomat. Roshell graduated from Sir Robert Borden High School and then later went to the University of Ottawa, where she graduated in 1991 with a BFA in painting. She completed a second BFA, this time in cinema at Concordia University in Montreal in 1993.
Born and raised in New Brunswick, Canada, Alisa Palmer completed a degree in history at McGill University. Her theatre education was based in Montreal and included training with Phillippe Gaullierof Ecole Jacques Lecoq (Bouffon and Masque Neutre), Cirque de Soleil (acrobatics), L’école de Mime Corporal de Montréal under Jean Asselin as well as periods of study with Brazilian director Agosto Boal.
Brad Bitler (born February 23, 1985) is a music video director and former United States Marine. He is both a veteran of Operation Iraqi Freedom and 2003 graduate of Davis Senior High School.
In 1922, Streett married Mary Lois Williams (1895--1999), a personal friend of ``Hap'' Arnold and his wife ``Bee''. The Streetts had one child, a son in 1927, St. Clair Streett, Jr., also nicknamed ``Bill'', who graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point with the Class of 1949 and took part in the infantry Battle of Old Baldy during the Korean War. General Streett's son, St. Clair Streett, Jr. married Edith Peake Boatner (youngest daughter of USAF Lt. Gen. Bryant L. Boatner) in 1954 and had four children: St. Clair ``Dan'' Streett III, born in California in 1955, who graduated from Virginia Military Institute in 1977, USAF Colonel Bryant Boatner Streett (VMI 1978) born at Fort Belvoir, Virginia in 1956, Monica Page Streett born in 1959 in Nurnberg, Germany, and Emily Williams Streett born in 1961 at West Point, NY. General Streett's son retired from the US Army after 21 years of service in the Infantry and the Engineers. Besides serving in combat in Korea, and in South Vietnam as an advisor, St. Clair Jr. had participated in the US Army Corps of Engineer construction projects for NASA (in the race to put a man on the moon before the end of the decade) at Cape Caniveral, Florida and Huntsville, Alabama. ``Bill'' Streett, Jr. married again in 1980 to Anitra Mae ``Sue'' Rustmeyer--the two had a daughter, Sarah Mae Streett, born the next year.
Michael Tom (1946--1999) was an American sculptor who was born and raised in Honolulu, Hawaii. He received a bachelor of fine art degree in painting and metalsmithing from Sonoma State University in Rohnert Park, California, and pursued graduate studies at San Diego State University. He started his artistic career as a painter, but was then drawn to making art jewelry. Art jewelry led to metalsmithing, which in turn led to metal and mixed media sculpture.
On November 9, 2009, David Elson was officially released as WKU's head coach. He remained as head coach until the end of the 2009 season. He was replaced by Stanford's running backs coach Willie Taggart, a Western Kentucky alumnus.
The son of Colonel the Hon. Sir Gordon Palmer, younger son of the 2nd Baron Palmer and Lorna Eveline Hope née Bailie. He was educated at Eton College, Berkshire, and at the University of Edinburgh, where he received a Certificate in Farming Practice in 1979.
Maj. Gen. Noah Phelps (Simsbury, Connecticut, 22 Jan 1740 - Simsbury, Connecticut, 4 Nov 1809), was the son of Lt. David Phelps and Abigail Pettibone Phelps, and was descended from the English immigrant William Phelps). The family settled in Simsbury, Connecticut before 1750, and General Phelps became an active and influential man. He was a Yale University graduate, a justice of the Peace, judge of Probate for twenty years, and was a Delegate to the Constitutional Convention of 1787 to ratify the Federal Constitution.
Mira Schor's parents Ilya and Resia Schor were Polish-born artists who came to the US in 1941. (In 2003, Schor produced a video documentary on her parents`` work, The Tale of the Goldsmith's Floor, originally created for the 2003 Brown University and differences conference, ``The Lure of the Detail,''). Mira Schor and her older sister Naomi Schor (1943--2001), a noted scholar of French Literature and Feminist theory, were both educated at the Lycée Français de New York. After receiving her Baccalauréat in 1967, Mira Schor studied art history at New York University (WSC B.A. 1970). During this time she worked as an assistant to Red Grooms and Mimi Gross. She received a Master of Fine Arts degree in Painting from California Institute of the Arts (CalArts) in 1973. There she was a participant in the CalArts Feminist Art Program's renowned project Womanhouse (1972). In the Feminist Art Program she studied with Miriam Shapiro and Judy Chicago. Later at CalArts she studied with Los Angeles-born sculptor Stephan Von Huene.
Judith R. Shapiro (born January 24, 1942) is a former President of Barnard College, a liberal arts college for women affiliated with Columbia University; as President of Barnard, she was also an academic dean within the university. She was also a professor of anthropology at Barnard. Shapiro became Barnard's 10th president in 1994 after a teaching career at Bryn Mawr College where she was Chair of the Department of Anthropology. After serving as Acting Dean of the Undergraduate College in 1985-6, she was Provost, the chief academic officer, from 1986 until 1994. Debora L. Spar was appointed to replace Judith Shapiro, effective July 1, 2008.
Frederick Augustus Muhlenberg began his education at Pennsylvania College (now Gettysburg College) and then transferred to Jefferson College (now Washington and Jefferson College) from which he graduated in 1836. He then studies at Princeton Theological Seminary. In 1840 Muhlenberg joined the faculty of Franklin College (now Franklin & Marshall College).
Dame Jill Ellison, DBE (born 31 January 1955) is Director of Nursing, Heart of England NHS Foundation Trust. She was educated at St Margaret's School, Bushey and now heads the Nurse Directors Association (NDA/UK).
Edward Koren has received a Doctor of Humane Letters Degree from Union College, and received a John Simon Guggenheim Fellowship in Fine Arts in 1970. He received the Vermont Governor's Award for Excellence in the Arts in 2007.
Born in Tehran, he is the son of General Fazlollah Zahedi, who served as Prime Minister after the fall of Mohammed Mossadegh. The younger Zahedi received a degree in Agriculture from Utah State University in 1950, where he was a member of Kappa Sigma. Seven years later, he married the daughter of the Shah of Iran, Princess Shahnaz Pahlavi; the marriage ended in divorce in 1964.
Michael Shane (May 4, 1927 -- February 22, 1994) was an American lawyer and actor. Born in Cleveland, Ohio, he attended Glenville High School. While earning his undergraduate and law degrees at Ohio State University, he performed as a stand-up comic at local nightclubs.
Nikolai Tikhobrazov (1818--74) was a Russian painter, known primarily for his history paintings and genre scenes. He studied at the Academy in St. Petersburg under Karl Bryullov, gaining the title of Academician in his own right in 1852
In 1953 he graduated from The Lviv National Academy of Arts (in R. Selsky). The artist works in the field of easel and monumental painting and graphics. Volodymyr Patyk has traveled almost the whole Ukraine, he was in the Carpathian Mountains, far to the north of Russia in Murmansk, he painted in the Baltic states, Siberia, Central Asia - and there the artist was captured by the beauty of nature, people and their activities. Thus was produced his own brushwork, his distinctive, spirited style. The artist proceeds to the contrast of red and green, orange and yellow and blue-violet, red and white, to a variety of means - mosaics, murals, most of all - to oil painting, pastels and various drawing tools. From the last time (since 1990) the main formative role in his artistic style plays a pure color that enhances the activity of emotional pictures and highlights the decorative solution compositions. Volodymyr Patyk is very close to Ukrainian icon and Tuscan primitives, Ravenna mosaics and Italian painters of Protorenaissance.
Bryan Ewing attended Duxbury High School and Cushing Academy in Ashburnham, Massachusetts, graduating from the latter. He was named a Second Team New England All-Star as a senior. After graduation, he enrolled at Boston University and played there for four seasons. He had his most success during his senior season when he led the team in assists, finished second in goals and points, and was named an NCAA Second Team All-American.
Anil Shastri was born in Lucknow to Lal Bahadur Shastri, a former Prime Minister of India and lalita. He is an alumnus of St. Columba's School, Delhi and St. Stephen's College, Delhi. He did his Advanced Management Programme from Ashridge Management College, U.K. Thereafter Anil Shastri worked in the corporate for 17 years in senior positions.
Letelier was born in Temuco, Chile, the youngest child of Orlando Letelier Ruiz and Inés del Solar. He studied at the Instituto Nacional and, at the age of sixteen, he was accepted as a cadet of the Chilean Military Academy, where he completed his secondary studies. Later he abandoned the military life to attend the University of Chile, where he graduated as a lawyer in 1954. In 1955, he joined the recently formed Copper Office (Departamento del Cobre, now CODELCO), where he worked until 1959 as a research analyst in the copper industry. In that year, Orlando Letelier was fired for supporting Salvador Allende's unsuccessful second presidential campaign. The Letelier family had to leave for Venezuela, where he became a copper consultant for the Finance Ministry. From there, Letelier made his way to then recently created Inter-American Development Bank, where he eventually became senior economist and director of the loan division. He was also one of the UN consultants responsible for the establishment of the Asian Development Bank.
David R. Beittel, the eldest son of Alice and Donald Rettew Beittel, was born December 30, 1947 in New Jersey. He graduated in 1966 from Moorestown Friends School and received B.A.'s in English and Art at Hobart and William Smith Colleges. In his freshman year, he won the Hobart College Art Prize for his painting ``Errata''. This encouraged him later to pursue a career in art. During his time at Hobart, David was profoundly influenced by his mentor, Marjorie Hall Cloutier, Instructor in Art and Assistant Dean and later Dean of William Smith, the coordinate college to Hobart.
He was the son of William Baker, vicar of Ilton, Somerset, where he was born. He was educated at Crewkerne School, and entered Wadham College, Oxford, where he was first fellow, and eventually became warden in 1719. He was successively rector of St. Ebbes, of Padworth, and of Blayden, all in the diocese of Oxford. In 1714 he was collated to the archdeaconry of Oxford.
In 2008, Bryant had two very special visitors. On Thursday, February 28, 2008, former U.S. President Bill Clinton campaigned at Bryant University in support of Hillary Clinton's bid for the Democratic presidential nomination. This was the first time in the school's history that either a former U.S. president or presidential candidate came to Bryant University to give a speech. Also in 2008, the 41st President of the United States George H. W. Bush gave the 2008 Commencement Address on May 17, 2008. Bush received an honorary degree from the University. Within only three months of each other, Bryant had two of the only four former U.S Presidents still living come to speak on campus.
Maurice Schexnayder was born in Wallace, Louisiana, to Adam and Jeanne Marie (née Dupleix) Schexnayder. After attending schools in Wallace and New Orleans, he entered St. Joseph College Seminary near Covington in 1916. He then attended St. Mary Seminary in Baltimore, Maryland, before furthering his studies at the Pontifical North American College in Rome. He was ordained to the priesthood in Rome on April 12, 1925. Following his return to Louisiana, he served as a curate at St. John the Evangelist Church in Plaquemines until 1929, when he became chaplain of the Newman Club at Louisiana State University. He also served as state chaplain of the Knights of Columbus (1932-1944) and pastor of St. Francis de Sales Church in Houma (1946-1950). He was named a Domestic Prelate in 1947.
In 1986 it was reformatted and published weekly as Bhutan's only newspaper by the Ministry of Communications' Department of Information. Kinley Dorji, who graduated from Columbia University, New York with a masters degree in journalism, served as editor of Kuensel, and later as both editor-in-chief and managing director, between 1986 and 2009.
Haliburton was born in Windsor, Nova Scotia, the son of William Hersey Otis Haliburton, a lawyer, judge and political figure, and Lucy Chandler Grant. His mother died when he was a small child, and his father remarried when he was seven, giving him as stepmother Susanna Davis, the daughter of Michael Francklin, who had been Nova Scotia's Lieutenant Governor. He attended University of King's College in Windsor and became a lawyer, opening a practice in Annapolis Royal, the former capital of the colony.
George Biskup was born in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, to Frank and Julia (née Kuda) Biskup. He studied at Loras College in Dubuque, from where he obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1933. He then furthered his studies at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome, where Biskup was ordained to the priesthood on March 19, 1937. Upon his return to Iowa, he served as a curate at St. Raphael's Cathedral in Dubuque until 1939.
Andre Adams attended the Galileo Academy of Science and Technology but dropped out; he claims to have had a D average. He released two albums under the stage name Dre Dog: The New Jim Jones in 1993 and I Hate You With a Passion in 1995. I Hate You With a Passion peaked at #79 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and #3 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart. In 1997, Adams changed his stage name to Andre Nickatina, and released the albums: Cocaine Raps under his own label, Filmoe Coleman Records and Raven in My Eyes, which was released under the Bay Area Independent Rap Label Dogday Records. Unlike his albums released under the name Dre Dog, Cocaine Raps had deeper production values Collaborations with Producer Nick Peace. The album Raven in My Eyes was noted for its production quality and songs that combine ``sequencers and keyboards that buzz and whine'' with live instrumentation. That year, he founded his own record label, Filmoe Coleman Records. Nickatina explained in an interview with Strivin magazine that his name change was ``for the better'' and that he raps because he feels that he is talented enough to do so but not for the sake of popularity.
Benny Anders was a star player at the University of Houston during the early 1980s and a member of the school's so-called Phi Slama Jama basketball fraternity that included Akeem Olajuwon, Clyde Drexler, Michael Young, Alvin Franklin, Reid Gettys, and Larry Micheaux.
Godfrey P. Schmidt was an American lawyer involved in anti-Communist and anti-union activities. He was born in the Bronx, and lived in New York City, until the last few years of his life when he lived with his daughter in Virginia. He was particularly noted for his stance against Jimmy Hoffa. He graduated in 1925 from Fordham University with his B.A. and took his law degree in 1930 from that same institution.
Jenn Lindsay grew up in San Diego, California, where she attended Grossmont High School and sang in the Red Robe Choir under the tutelage of Edwin Basilo. She played in a folk band with her calculus teacher, covering artists such as Simon and Garfunkel, James Taylor, the Indigo Girls, and the Beatles. She started writing songs after attending the Lilith Fair in 1998 and resolving to join the ranks of the featured female singer-songwriters. Her songwriting attracted attention when she was a student at Stanford University, where she headlined Take Back the Night Marches and taught songwriting to victims of domestic abuse at the Peninsula YMCA in the Bay Area. Jenn Lindsay started gigging professionally at age 19 while on a ``year abroad'' in the acting program at the Liverpool Institute of Performing Arts. She moved to New York City in 2001 and was named the ``best female singer-songwriter in NYC'' by online radio station Radio Crystal Blue. Since Jenn started touring nationally, she has played her songs in exchange for free catfish in Alabama, sang to a room full of friendly cowgirls in Amarillo Texas, entertained in Vegas, and played encores to Ladyfest attendees in Memphis, Brooklyn, Santa Cruz and Ottawa. In addition to appearing at universities and coffee shops, Jenn has played LadyFests, BMI Showcases, the New York Songwriters Circle, political rallies at Rockefeller Center, and many bars and coffee shops throughout North America.
Berkenhout was the son of John Berkenhout Snr, a Dutch merchant who had settled in Yorkshire, and Anne Kitchingman. He was educated at Leeds Grammar School and served in the Prussian and English armies before finishing his education at Edinburgh University and Leyden, where he took a Doctor of Physic (medicine) in 1765. While at Edinburgh he published Clavis Anglicat Linguae. He published several works on natural history, including Outlines of the Natural History of Great Britain and Ireland (1769) and Synopsis of the Natural History of Great Britain and Ireland (1789). It was in these works that Berkenhout, not Linnaeus as is often claimed, named the brown rat as the Norway Rat (``Rattus norvegicus''). He served as a British agent in the colonies during the American Revolution.
Nelson was born and raised in Detroit, Michigan. Upon graduation from Northwestern High School in 1938, Nelson enrolled at the University of Michigan. As a 5'7``, 155-pound halfback, Nelson played football for Fritz Crisler in the same backfield with fellow Northwestern alumnus, Forest Evashevski, and 1940 Heisman Trophy winner Tom Harmon. In 1941, Nelson led the Wolverines in rushing, averaging 6.3 yards per carry.
Hallam Tennyson, 2nd Baron Tennyson, GCMG, PC (11 August 1852 -- 2 December 1928), the second Governor-General of Australia, was born at Chapel House, Twickenham, in Surrey, England. Named after his father's late friend Arthur Hallam, he was the elder son of Alfred Tennyson, the most popular and prominent poet of late Victorian England. Hallam was educated at Marlborough College and Trinity College, Cambridge, but his career aspirations ended when his parents' age and ill-health obliged him to leave Cambridge to become their personal secretary. The idea of going into politics was also abandoned.
Miguel Deynes Soto was born on July 5, 1936 in Moca, Puerto Rico. He studied his elementary and high school in his hometown. Deynes then went to study to the University of Puerto Rico at Mayagüez where he received a Bachelor's degree in Agricultural Sciences in 1955. Deynes continued studying at Mayagüez, and received his Master's degree in Economy and Education in 1970. Finally, he received his Juris doctor from the Interamerican University of Puerto Rico.
Henry W. Holt (September 14, 1864 -- October 4, 1947) was born at Wakefield, Virginia in Isle of Wight County, Virginia, but was raised in Surry County, Virginia. His preparatory education was received at Hanover Academy in Hanover County, Virginia after which he attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology for two years and Virginia Military Institute, from which he graduated in 1886. Turning then to law, he entered Washington and Lee University where he received his law degree in 1888. Upon graduation, he began to practice in Wichita, Kansas, but returned to Virginia in 1891 as Commandant of Cadets at Staunton Military Academy. In 1892, he started practice in Staunton and became judge of the Corporation Court of the city of Buena Vista, Virginia in 1893, though still living in Staunton. He resigned from this position in 1896 and, in 1900, became judge of the Staunton Corporation Court. There he served until 1912. At that time, he was appointed judge of the Eighteenth Judicial Circuit, where he remained for sixteen years. In 1924, Judge Holt was elected to the Special Court of Appeals and, in 1928, to the Supreme Court of Appeals. He continued as a member of the court, becoming Chief Justice in 1946, until his death.
Emil Cesar was born on 16 August 1927 in Ljubljana as a son of Jernej Cesar, a locomotive engineer from Kal pri Mirni Peči, and Marija Cesar (née Zupančič). He graduated in 1947 and furthered his studies at the University of Ljubljana, where he graduated in Slovene language and literature in 1953. After his graduation he became a middle school teacher. In 1977 he started lecturing contemporary Slovene literature at the Faculty of Education at the University of Ljubljana. He completed his Ph.D. in 1990.
Raymond Beegle was born in Los Angeles in 1942, and received a bachelor of arts degree from UCLA. He pursued graduate studies at the University of California and the Vienna Academy of Music, and studied piano with Serge Tarnowsky, Aube Tserko, John Crown, and Kyriena Siloti, Winning first prize in the Los Angeles Bureau of Music's ``Artists of the Future'' vocal competition in 1962 made it possible for him to study the art of piano accompanying with Gwendolyn Koldofsky in Los Angeles, and Erik Werba in Vienna.
Peter Milczyn (born 1965) is a city councillor in Toronto, Canada. He represents one of the two Etobicoke-- Lakeshore wards, Ward 5 Etobicoke-Lakeshore. Born in Etobicoke, he attended Etobicoke Collegiate Institute and the University of Toronto where he got a degree in architecture.
Sidney Eisenshtat was born in New Haven, Connecticut, and his family later lived in Detroit, Michigan. The family moved to Los Angeles, California in 1926, reportedly in search of a less anti-Semitic atmosphere than they perceived in Detroit. He graduated from the University of Southern California architecture school in 1935. Early in his career he designed large projects for the United States Department of Defense, tract houses, and retail stores.
Dawson grew up in Long Beach, California, where he attended Lakewood High School. Dawson has revealed in a video, that as a teenager he was over-weight and would get bullied a lot, as well as being beaten by his alcoholic father, who then abandoned the family. He has since lost 150 pounds. Shane has three dogs, Miley, Charlie, and Chocolate as well as two cats, Muffins and Snoop. They often appear in his videos. He used to work in Jenny Craig, Inc. along with his mother and brother, but was fired after he uploaded a video of himself pole dancing in the building he worked in. His mother, brother and about 6 other coworkers who appeared in the video also got fired after the company saw the video. In a video he said he is a virgin, and plans to stay one until he is married as he believes strongly in sex after marriage. Shane Dawson revealed in a video that he and an unknown female broke up from their relationship, which lasted about a year. He decided to not release the female's identity in order to preserve her from getting negative criticism.
Birju Maharaj has won many accolades, including Padma Vibhushan in 1986, Sangeet Natak Akademi Award and the Kalidas Samman. He also received honorary Doctorate degrees from the Banaras Hindu University(Varanasi) and the Khairagarh University.
Bree Sharp was born in Philadelphia, and learned to play guitar by age fifteen. She attended J. S. Jenks Elementary School in the Chestnut Hill section of the city. She graduated from Central High School. By seventeen, she had moved to New York City to study theater at NYU. She eventually returned to music and, while still in college, began writing the songs that led to her 1998 record deal with Trauma Records.
David Oswald is an American football tackle who is currently a free agent. He played college football at Brigham Young University.
Dirk ter Haar (Dr, B.Sc., M.Sc., MA, D.Sc., FRSE) studied physics at Leiden University, was research fellow of Niels Bohr in Copenhagen, and received his Ph.D. in Leiden from Hendrik Kramers for a dissertation on the origin of the solar system. In 1949 he became professor of physics at the University of St. Andrews and in 1950 he emigrated to England, where he later became a British citizen. He became a Fellow of Magdalen College and reader in theoretical physics at the University of Oxford.
She was decorated with the Hero of the Soviet Union medal, the USSR's highest award. She was also awarded the Order of Lenin, Order of the October Revolution, numerous other medals, and foreign orders including the Karl Marx Order, United Nations Gold Medal of Peace and the Simba International Women's Movement Award. She was also bestowed a title of the Hero of Socialist Labor of Czechoslovakia, Hero of Labor of Vietnam, and Hero of Mongolia. In 1990 she received an honorary doctorate from the University of Edinburgh. Tereshkova crater on the far side of the Moon was named after her. Valentina Tereshkova became the first and still remains to be the only female general officer in both Soviet and Russian armed forces.
Laws was born on the 10th of May 1945 and educated Durham Chorister School, and as a King's Scholar at Durham School. He studied at Exeter College, Oxford as a Senior Open Classical Scholar, receiving a First Class BA in 1967, and an MA in 1976. He became an Honorary Fellow of the College in 2000.
Simon Ambrose was educated at the independent Westminster School before gaining an MA in Economics at Magdalene College, Cambridge, graduating with a double first. It is reported that Simon became a member of Mensa at age 13 with an IQ of 174. He describes himself as ``sexy, competitive, proud and ambitious'' who does ``his best work under pressure''. Since being made redundant from the Investment Bank Credit Suisse, he has tried his hand at a number of internet-based entrepreneurial ideas. Percy Ambrose, his paternal grandfather, is a jeweller and self-made millionaire. His father, Russell Ambrose, has many business interests with an annual turnover of £50 million. Ambrose was the winner of series 3.
Gregory Fritze was born in Allentown, Pennsylvania in 1954. Taking up the Tuba as his principal instrument, he received his Bachelor's Degree in Composition from the Boston Conservatory. At the Boston Conservatory he studied composition with John Adams and Tuba with Chester Roberts. He then went on to receive his Master's Degree in Composition from Indiana University, where he studied Composition with Thomas Beversdorf, John Eaton and Fred Fox, while studying Tuba with Harvey Phillips. Fritze then went on to become Principal Tubist with the Rhode Island Philharmonic Orchestra, as well as a member of the Cambridge Symphonic Brass Ensemble, and Colonial Tuba Quartet.
Born in Toronto, Box attended Malvern Collegiate Institute where he played on the football team and later on the Malvern Grads junior team from 1928-1929 under coach Ted Reeve. Box then moved to the senior Ontario Rugby Football Union, again playing under Reeve with the Toronto Balmy Beach Beachers from 1930-1931, winning the Grey Cup in 1930. Box then played three seasons with the Toronto Argonauts, winning another Grey Cup in 1933 and being voted the Jeff Russel Memorial Trophy winner as the most valuable player for 1934. He returned to Balmy Beach in 1935 and played another four years there.
William Granara is an American author, translator and scholar of of Arabic language and literature. He studied at Georgetown University and the University of Pennsylvania, obtaining his PhD from the latter in Arabic and Islamic studies. He has worked for the American University in Cairo and for the US State Department in Tunis. He is currently director of the Arabic language program at Harvard University.
Lammot du Pont I (1831 -- March 29, 1884) was a key member of the Du Pont family in the mid-nineteenth century. His father was Alfred V. du Pont, the eldest son and successor of Eleuthère Irénée du Pont, the founder of DuPont. He obtained a chemistry degree from the University of Pennsylvania and entered into the family business. Lammot patented B blasting powder, also known as soda powder in 1857. His invention used an inexpensive Peruvian and Chilean sodium nitrate, which he had discovered in 1858(?) could be used to manufacture black powder more cheaply than potassium nitrate, and made DuPont a major force in the blasting powder industry. During the American Civil War, he was commissioned captain of Company B, 5th Delaware Infantry Regiment that served at Fort Delaware on Pea Patch Island. Later, he founded the Repauno Chemical Company and helped DuPont enter the high explosives business. He died in a nitroglycerin explosion in March 1884.
Ian van der Wal (born 22 September 1971 in Darwin, Northern Territory, Australia) was an Australian sprint-middle distance freestyle swimmer, who represented Australia at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. He was a member of the 4x100m and 4x200m freestyle relay teams. He trained at the Commercial Swimming Club in Brisbane.
Cynthia Weber was born in New Jersey and raised in Pennsylvania. She received a BA in Political Science from West Virginia University (1983), an MA from Sussex University (1985), and a PhD from Arizona State University (1990). She held a post-doctoral fellowship at the University of Southern California (1989--1990) and has held visiting appointments at numerous universities including the New School University, the University of Arizona, University of Wales, Aberystwyth, and Queen's University Belfast in Northern Ireland. Weber trained as a filmmaker in the early 2000s at the University of Leeds. She is also an affiliated scholar with the Graduate Program in International Affairs and the Observatory for Latin America at the New School University in New York City.
Prem Watsa was born in 1950 in Hyderabad, India and is the founder, chairman, and chief executive of Fairfax Financial Holdings, based in Toronto, Ontario. He has been called the ``Canadian Warren Buffett'' by some during successful periods of investing in the past. He is a CFA charterholder, an alumnus of The Hyderabad Public School, Begumpet, a graduate of the Indian Institute of Technology with a degree in Chemical Engineering and a holder of an MBA from the Richard Ivey School of Business of the University of Western Ontario. He is a member of the Board of Trustees of the Hospital for Children, a member of the Advisory Board for the Richard Ivey School of Business, a member of the Board of Directors of the Royal Ontario Museum Foundation and as well as Chairman of the Investment Committee of St. Paul's Anglican Church. In June 2009, he was installed as the ninth Chancellor of the University of Waterloo.
Vernon Dobson, the son of Rev. Spencer Dobson and Mrs. Estelle Cook Dobson http://www.thehistorymakers.com/biography/biography.asp?bioindex=663, was born and raised in Baltimore, Maryland. He attended Booker T. Washington middle school, and he graduated from Frederick Douglass Senior High School in 1941 http://www.mdcivilrights.org/DunbarDouglass.html. He attended Howard University and earned a Bachelors of Divinity degree http://www.thehistorymakers.com/biography/biography.asp?bioindex=663. He also studied at Harvard University.
Tracy Silverman is an American violinist, composer, and producer. Born in New York and raised in Beloit, Wisconsin, he attended Beloit Memorial High School, but left after 10th grade to enter the Chicago Musical College at the age of 16. He is on the string faculty of Belmont University in Nashville, Tennessee and has also been an instructor at Mark O'Connor's String Camps.
Samah Selim is an Egyptian scholar and translator of Arabic literature. She studied English literature at Barnard College, and obtained her PhD from Columbia University in 1997. At present she is an assistant professor at Rutgers University. She has also taught at Columbia, Princeton and Aix-en-Provence universities.
David Carter was brought up in Africa and taught there for a year. He graduated from the University of Wales and has a PhD from Durham University.
Clemens van den Broeck studied at the Academy for Art and Design of 'ss-Hertogenbosch (1959-1965), specialising as sculptor, goldsmith, ceramist, craftsman and jeweller. Since 1965 until 1970 van den Broeck attended the workshop of Jan Noyons in Utrecht, working for the brand name ``Brom''. There he experimented with the noble materials, which later switched for much cheaper goods, like base metals mixed with plastic, wood, stones, alpaca and glass. The ``Atelier Marecage'' was his working place in the 1970s, where in addition to these innovative materials he started designing organic shapes.
Lee Hannah received his B.A. in Biology with High Honors in June 1978 from the University of California at Berkeley. His honors thesis was ``Renewable Energy Potentials and Impacts``. Hannah received his Doctorate in Environmental Science and Engineering from UCLA in June 1985. His dissertation was ``Protection of Hawaii's Native Birds in Geothermal Energy Development,''. Since 2000, Hannah has been a Senior Researcher in Climate Change Biology at Conservation International. Since 2004, he has also been working as a visiting researcher and adjunct professor at Bren School of Environmental Science and Management at the University of California at Santa Barbara. His classes include Climate Change Biology, Landscape Ecology, and Conservation Planning (2). Hannah collaborates with the South Africa National Biodiversity Institute at Kirstenborsch (in Cape Town) to study biodiversity changes as a result of global warming (4).
Alfred Martineau was educated at Uppingham School and King's College, Cambridge. A right-handed batsman and right-arm slow bowler, he played two first-class matches for Cambridge University in 1889. His brother Lionel also played first-class cricket, as did his cousins Hubert and Philip.
Sally Haslanger is a professor of philosophy in the Department of Linguistics and Philosophy at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Since 2009, she has also served as Director of the Women's and Gender Studies program. She has published in metaphysics, epistemology, feminist theory, ancient philosophy, and social and political philosophy. Much of her work has focused on persistence and endurance through change; objectivity and objectification; Catharine MacKinnon's theory of gender; and the social construction of categories often considered to be natural kinds, particularly race and gender. She earned her Ph.D. in 1985 from the University of California, Berkeley.
Galen Johnson is a professor of philosophy at the University of Rhode Island and the General Secretary of the International Merleau-Ponty Circle. He received his Ph.D. in Philosophy from Boston University in 1977. He has been teaching at Rhode Island since 1976. His research interests include phenomenology, aesthetics, American philosophy, and recent French philosophy. He is the author of numerous articles in contemporary continental philosophy and has held fellowships from the National Endowment for the Humanities, the American Council for Learned Societies, and the American Philosophical Society. He has published four books that deal with aesthetics: Earth and Sky, History and Philosophy (1989), Ontology and Alterity in Merleau-Ponty (1990), The Merleau-Ponty Aesthetics Reader (1993), and The Retrieval of the Beautiful (2010).
Myers Foggin (23 December 1908 -- 1986) was an English concert pianist and conductor. Born in Newcastle-upon-Tyne, England. He studied at the Royal Academy of Music in London from 1927-1932. His teachers included the composer York Bowen.
Neil Mallender was born in Yorkshire, but spent the early part of his childhood in Somerset, before returning to Yorkshire as a teenager, where he attended Beverley Grammar School, showing himself as a natural sportsman in cricket and football. During this time he gained representative honours at schoolboy level for county and country, captaining England youth on a tour of the West Indies.
Osian Ellis was born in Ffynnongroyw, Flintshire in 1928. He studied at the Royal Academy of Music with Gwendolen Mason, whom he later succeeded as Professor of Harp from 1959 to 1989. He joined the London Symphony Orchestra in 1961 and was Principal Harpist. He was a member of the Melos Ensemble and also formed the Osian Ellis Harp Ensemble.
The son of Henry Benedict Wall, Patrick Wall was educated at Downside School. He was commissioned into the Royal Marines in 1935 and qualified as a naval gunnery instructor. During the Second World War, he served in the Iron Duke, Valiant, and Malaya, followed by a spell at HMS Turtle, the landing craft base. In 1945, he was patrol officer and second-in-command 48 Commando RM in the British Army on the Rhine, where he was wounded. Wall's exploits in action drew the highest commendation: ``An outstanding character whose industry and devotion to duty are beyond praise. He is a very devout man, and draws real inspiration from his Roman Catholic religion. In battle and behind the line, he is an example of energy and the aggressive spirit. His aim appears to be to do as much as possible'', stated his report.
Paul Sheehy is currently an Assistant Backs Coach at his alma mater Gonzaga College High School in Washington DC.
Thisbe Nissen (1972- )http://www.identitytheory.com/people/birnbaum25.html is an American author. Originally from New York City, she lived in Iowa for eleven years. Among her works are Osprey Island, The Good People of New York, and Out of the Girls' Room and into the Night. She has taught a fiction course at least once a year since the inception of the Iowa Young Writers' Workshop, a two-week intensive creative writing workshop ``camp'' for talented high school students, except in 2006. She has also taught at the Iowa Writers' Workshop, Iowa Elderhostel. Nissen is a graduate of Hunter College High School on Manhattan's Upper East Side. She attended Oberlin College, and received her Master of Fine Arts in Fiction from the Iowa Writers' Workshop at the University of Iowa, where she was a James Michener Fellow http://www.land-grantcollegereview.com/author.php/Thisbe+Nissen/21/index/.
Judith Ann Kathleen Howard, CBE, FRS, (born in Cleethorpes, Lincolnshire) is a distinguished British chemist, crystallographer and Professor at Durham University. She graduated from University of Bristol with a B.Sc. and worked at the University of Oxford as a postgraduate student in Dorothy Hodgkin's group. She married David Howard. She was awarded an Honorary Doctor of Science degree at the University of Bristol in 1986. In 2005 she received an Honorary Degree from the University of Bath. According to the Web of Science she has co-authored over 1,500 scientific publications, resulting in a H-index of 78.
Erik Harry Johannessen (1902 -- 1980) was a Norwegian painter. He studied at the Norwegian National Academy of Craft and Art Industry from 1924 to 1925, and was influenced by Kai Fjell and Edvard Munch. He belonged to a group of surrealists in the 1930s, and later painted landscapes, crowd pictures and altarpieces. He is represented at the National Gallery of Norway. Many of his paintings from the 1930s were bought by Rolf Stenersen, and are available at the Stenersen Museum.
Harmar D. Denny, Jr., was born in Allegheny, Pennsylvania. He was the great-grandson of Congressman Harmar Denny. He attended St. Paul's School in Concord, New Hampshire, in 1904, graduated from Yale University in 1908, and from the law school of the University of Pittsburgh in 1911. During the First World War he served in the United States Army Air Corps as a first lieutenant and bombing pilot. Upon his return to Pennsylvania, he practiced law and was the director of public safety for the city of Pittsburgh in 1933 and 1934. He was an unsuccessful Republican candidate for mayor of Pittsburgh in 1941. During the Second World War he served as a lieutenant colonel in the United States Army Air Corps as assistant air inspector, Eastern Flying Training Command, 1942 to 1945. At his retirement he was commissioned a lieutenant colonel in the United States Air Force.
Chris Vaughn is an American songwriter, recording artist, filmmaker/producer/director from Neptune, New Jersey. He is best known for his original song ``Fallen Angel'', was featured in the film Stiletto; and as a filmmaker for his documentary film Jerseyboy Hero, which he wrote, produced, directed, scored and starred in himself. Vaughn was born and raised in New Jersey. He went to high school at Shore Regional High School in West Long Branch, New Jersey and currently resides in Brick, New Jersey with his wife, Shannon and their two sons.
Dr. Paul Wakim proceeded from his hometown to Fresno, California where he was a student senator for the School of Arts and Sciences at Fresno State University for his undergraduate term. In 1972 Dr. Wakim graduated from the Kansas City University of Medicine and Biosciences in Kansas City, Missouri.
Mohammed Bello Kaliel joined the army in 1967. From 1972-1974, he was an instructor at the Nigerian Defence Academy. In February 1976, Mohammed Kaliel was appointed governor of Bauchi State by the head of state, General Murtala Muhammed, shortly before he was killed in an abortive coup attempt. Taking office in March 1976, he brought a team of experienced civil servants from Maiduguri to establish the new state's administration. He found a state with no electricity and limited water supply from boreholes, and made improving this basic infrastructure his first priority.
Georgiy Mamedov graduated in 1970 from the Moscow State Institute of International Relations. He then joined the Institute for U.S.A. and Canada Studies in 1970 and became a protégé of the institute's founder, Georgi Arbatov, the leading Soviet specialist on the United States at the time.
Dave Blazek (born March 13, 1957) currently writes and draws the single-panel cartoon strip Loose Parts. He is a former stand-up comedian and current advertising creative (writer/ director/ producer) with over 130 advertising awards. Blazek graduated from Pennsylvania State University with a degree in Journalism. He also wrote for the comic strip ``Dr. Katz, Professional Therapist.''
Gary Aldrich (born May 22, 1945) is a former FBI agent and author from Amsterdam, New York. His wife Nina is also an ex-FBI agent, and they have 3 children. Gary graduated from Miami Dade College. He founded the Patrick Henry Center for Individual Liberty, whose aim is, ``promoting the U.S. Constitution and Bill of Rights and supporting the right of citizens to engage in ethical dissent.'' Aldrich was an FBI agent assigned to the White House under both Bush and Clinton. He was with the FBI for 26 years (1969--95), the last five years ('90-'95) he was the agent responsible for background checks on White House staff.
Michael Cassidy (born March 20, 1983 in Portland, Oregon) is an American film and television actor. He attended La Salle High School in Milwaukie, Oregon and graduated from the Two-Year Conservatory program at The New Actors Workshop in New York City in 2003.
(Note: Marques Haynes actually graduated from Booker T. Washington High School in Sand Springs. However, CPHS is the successor school after the integration of African-American students into the Sand Springs School System. Likewise, William R. Pogue, Jerry Adair and Mae Young graduated from Sand Springs High School, which was replaced by CPHS in 1959.)
Masahiro Kunda (薫田真広 Kunda Masahiro, born September 29, 1966) is Japanese rugby union hooker and coach. Kunda played for Toshiba Brave Lupus, a team he coached to a League title victory in 2007. Originally from Gifu Prefecture, he was educated at University of Tsukuba (Tsukuba Daigaku). He served as the captain in the 1995 Rugby World Cup and is now Head Coach of the Japan U20s squad.
Elizabeth Caballero (born in Havana, Cuba) is a Cuban-American lyric soprano. She emigrated to the United States of America in 1980 as a child via the Mariel Boatlift. She initially studied voice at the University of Miami and later privately with voice teacher Manny Perez. She participated in the Young Artist Program of Florida Grand Opera (1999-2000 season) and was an Adler Fellow at San Francisco Opera (2004) as well as a member of the company's Merola Opera Program for two summers (2001 and 2002). In 2001 she was a National Grand Finalist in the Metropolitan Opera National Council Auditions.
Alun Buffry (born 1950) in Barry, South Wales, is a cannabis and human rights campaigner. He is associated with the Legalise Cannabis Alliance once a political party of the United Kingdom from 1999 to 2006, when it deregistered and became a pressure group. He received a BSC Chemistry from the University of East Anglia, and Dip Com (open) from the Open University.
John Abbot (1587/1588 -- c. 1650) was an English Roman Catholic clergyman and poet. His birthplace is uncertain, but may have been London or Leicester. Abbott is believed to be the nephew both of George Abbot, the Archbishop of Canterbury and Robert Abbot, the bishop of Salisbury. Abbot was thus from a strongly Protestant family. After being educated at Balliol College, Oxford, he travelled to the continent where he converted to Roman Catholicism. On returning to England he was in Jesuit orders for a while, before working as a secular priest. In 1635 he was imprisoned in the Gatehouse at the Palace of Westminster. He was released within a year, but in 1637 he was again arrested, and seems to have spent the rest of his life in prison. He was, along with other Catholic priests, condemned to death in 1641, but the conviction was never executed, and he appears to have died in prison in 1650.
Peter Mansbridge received his first honorary degree in 1999 from Mount Allison University in Sackville, New Brunswick where he currently serves as Chancellor. On July 1, 2008, he was appointed by Michaëlle Jean, Governor General of Canada as Officer of the Order of Canada, the second grade of the highest civilian honour in Canada. He received an honorary Doctor of Laws degree from the University of Manitoba in Winnipeg, Manitoba in 2001. He received an honorary Doctor of Journalism degree from Ryerson University in Toronto in 2005. He received the honorary degree Doctor of Laws, honoris causa (LL.D.) from the University of Western Ontario, in London, Ontario on June 9, 2008. He received an honorary Doctor of Laws degree from the University of Windsor in Windsor, Ontario on June 17, 2010.
Born near Detroit, Louis A. Waldman was educated at Hunter College (B.A. 1989) and subsequently, Waldman studied with Sir John Pope-Hennessy and Kathleen Weil-Garris Brandt at the Institute of Fine Arts of New York University (Ph.D. 1999). He has taught since 1999 at the University of Texas, Austin, where he received the College of Fine Arts Teaching Excellence Award (2008), the Dads' Association Centennial Teaching Fellowship (2004), the Department of Art and Art History Teaching Excellence Award (2005), and the Texas Blazers Faculty Excellence Award (2008). He was the first Assistant Director for Programs at Villa I Tatti, The Harvard Center for Italian Renaissance Studies (2007--10), and is Associate Editor of the journal I Tatti Studies. Waldman's research on Florentine art is characterized by an emphasis on reconstructing social networks, families, artists' shops, and the workings of patronage. Waldman has held fellowships from the Samuel H. Kress Foundation at the Kunsthistorisches Institut in Florenz, the Fulbright Foundation, and Villa I Tatti. He was named an Accademico d'onore of the Accademia delle Arti del Disegno in Florence in 2004.
Joel Dodd is a teacher and author, resident in New Zealand. Born in Auckland in 1966, he lived in Auckland, Wellington and Canterbury before returning to Takapuna. He studied at the University of Waikato from 1985 to 1989, completing first a BSc and then an MSc(Hons) degree, both in Earth Sciences. He married in 1989, and has three children (1990, 1992, 1997 Dodd), and an encyclopedic knowledge of The Who. After an industrial career as an industrial chemist at the Macraes Flat gold mine (East Otago, New Zealand) and as a Plant and Quality Systems Supervisor (New Plymouth), he trained and completed his post-graduate Diploma of Teaching (Secondary, via Massey University College of Education). In 2005 he was appointed the Head of the Mathematics Department of Coastal Taranaki School, in Okato. For exercise, he occasionally plays viola for the New Plymouth Orchestra, and regularly rides his bike through the Taranaki countryside.
She formed a piano duo with Genevieve Joy (1945--90), and collaborated with Elisabeth Schwarzkopf and Gérard Souzay as accompanists. She was best known as a Gabriel Fauré and French modernist music performer. She taught at the Conservatoire de Paris from 1968-88.
Kevin J. Tracey received his B.S. in Chemistry from Boston College in 1979 and his M.D. from Boston University in 1983. From 1983 to 1992 he trained in neurosurgery at the New York Hospital/Cornell University under Prof. Russel Patterson. During this time he was also a guest investigator at Rockefeller University.
Gil Parris is an American Grammy-nominated rock, blues, jazz and pop guitarist. He graduated from Ardsley High School. After briefly attending the Berklee School of Music, Parris left to tour Europe as part of a musical troupe performing Jesus Christ Superstar before becoming a recording artist. Parris has released six solo albums and played collaboratively with over 20 other groups/artists.Parris, is known for his special blend of Blues, Jazz, Rock and Smooth Jazz. He has recorded and toured both as a solo artist and sideman with major artists like Dr.John, Blood, Sweat and Tears, David Mann, Billy Vera, Bobby Caldwell, Toni Braxton to name just a few. Some of Gil's career highlights include... -Major Label Recording Artist, Gil's self titled debut CD was released by RCA/BMG! ``A smashing debut''(Guitar One),``An impressive beginning''(Jazziz) -Seen On NBC's THE TODAY SHOW, CBS, BET's ``Studio Jams'',The YES Network, The Food Network and on the national DVD release`` Masters of the Stratocaster'' ! -Has had # 1 Song(s) on MUSIC CHOICE -Has A Hot Licks Artist Video & the first Truefire artist course, ``Inside Out'' (4 Cd-Roms) -The Gil Parris Model Signature Guitar (Reverend) was named ``One of the Coolest Artist Signature Guitars of All-Time''by Guitar Player Magazine -Has acclaimed DVD out now with Paul Shaffer, Bernie Williams, Randy Brecker, David Mann...hosted by Carolyn Kepcher ! ``This DVD is a perfect introduction to one of the finest players around.'' Vintage Guitar ``You'll be blown away by his mind-boggling blend of Jazz, Blues and Rock'' Guitar Player ``Parris is an absolute monster of the guitar- lyrically, technically, sensitively. His finesse bending tones and contouring the dynamics throughout his lines truly gave the sense that he is speaking thru the notes!'' Jazz Improv ``His solos are breathtaking, both in emotional expressiveness and technical command of the instrument. He's one of those players you hear and can recognize right away, no mean feat in this day in age.'' Vintage Guitar ``Gil Parris is one of guitardom's unsung heroes'' Vintage Guitar Feb 2010
Chesapeake, Virginia is the hometown of 4 x World Kickboxing Champion Bubba Blackhawk Walters who also attended Deep Creek High School. It is also the off-season residence of New York Mets' third baseman David Wright, and the hometown of the Washington Redskins' Pro Bowl cornerback DeAngelo Hall and Philadelphia Eagles defensive end Darryl Tapp. Like Walters, both Hall and Tapp graduated from Deep Creek High School. NASCAR driver Ricky Rudd was also raised there and went to Indian River High school, where former NBA superstar Alonzo Mourning also attended. Chris Richardson, a finalist on American Idol: Season 6 also resides in Chesapeake.
Zita Okaikoi is a graduate of the Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology and the Ghana Law School.
Dr. Horace Chang is the current Minister of Water, Environment and Housing in Jamaica. Dr. Chang is married with two children and was born on 10 November 1952. He attended New Roads All-age School, Cornwall College, where he served as head boy and 6th Form Association President, and the University of the West Indies.
Roko Belic (born September 8, 1971) is an American film director, producer, cinematographer, and actor. His directorial debut, Genghis Blues (1999), was nominated for an Academy Award for best documentary feature. Roko is a 1989 graduate of Evanston Township High School, Evanston, Illinois, and UC Santa Barbara.
Ford became a lecturer in anatomy at the university in 1933, and became a senior lecturer in anatomy and histology in 1934. While there he met Frederic Wood Jones, who shared and encouraged a passion for books. Ford would later dedicated his Bibliography of Australian Medicine 1790--1900 to Jones. Ford became interested in physical anthropology, and later tropical medicine. He moved to Sydney where he became a lecturer at the School of Public Health and Tropical Medicine at the University of Sydney, from which he obtained a Graduate Diploma in Tropical Medicine in 1938.
Constance Kamii was born in Geneva, Switzerland, and attended elementary school there and in Japan. She finished high school in Los Angeles, attended Pomona College, and received her Ph.D. in education and psychology from the University of Michigan.
Harper was born and raised in Middleville, Michigan and graduated from Michigan State University. He went on to obtain a doctorate in agricultural economics from Cornell University. Economist Herbert J. Davenport was influential to Harper during his time at Cornell.
Matt Wallace is an American record producer. He is a graduate of the University of California at Berkeley, and has been producing professionally since the early 1980s. Among his credits are the highly acclaimed album Angel Dust by Faith No More and the multiplatinum Songs About Jane by Maroon 5.
Bahman Sholevar finished his elementary and secondary educations in Tehran. He studied Medicine at the University of Tehran, but left his studies before receiving his MD degree to accept a diplomatic post in Turkey, as the Economic Secretary of the Central Treaty Organization (CENTO). He used this position to get the publication permit in Iran for his novel The Night's Journey, a novel which he had written six years earlier but which no publisher had dared to send to the censors' office for a publication permit. He had foreseen that the novel would be banned after publication and that his life would be in danger. The Night's Journey was banned a few months after its publication and the author was able to escape to the United States on his diplomatic passport. He received a fellowship to the University of Iowa's International Writing Program for 1968--1969 and a scholarship to study for a Ph.D. in English at the University of Iowa. (He had a Diploma of English Studies from the University of Cambridge and a B.A. in English from the University of North Texas.) After receiving degrees of M.F.A., M.A. , and Ph.D. in English and Modern Letters (1968--1973) he re-studied Medicine at Hahnemann University of Philadelphia and received his M.D. degree in 1976. He followed specialty training in psychiatry at the Medical College of Pennsylvania and became a diplomate of the American Board of Psychiatry and Neurology and began teaching at Thomas Jefferson University and other Philadelphia area universities. He has been an elected Fellow of the Philadelphia College of Physicians and an elected member of New York Academy of Sciences.
Shana Ting Lipton (born in London, England) is a Los Angeles pop culture and travel journalist, videographer and consultant. Her work has appeared in The Daily for iPad (News Corp), the Los Angeles Times, Salon.com, The Huffington Post, New York Magazine, Variety, People magazine, Wired Magazine, BUST (magazine), Newsday, New York Newsday, Radar, Movieline, CMJ, GQ (Korea), URB, Dazed & Confused (London), and Glamour Magazine (Italy). She received her Masters degree in European Culture from the University of Amsterdam and her Bachelors degree from Barnard College in New York.
Dan attended John Glenn High School in New Concord, OH and gaduated in 2003.
Greg Nibler was born and raised in Independence, Oregon, attending Central High School. He also attended Oregon State University, graduating witha degree in Marketing. He has lived in Portland, Oregon for 10 years and owns a home in the Southeast Portland area.
Ricardo Azevedo born August 24, 1956 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, is a professional water polo coach in Italy. Born in Brazil, Azevedo is the son of a Brazilian World Cup soccer player. Azevedo played on the Brazilian National Water Polo Team from 1974 to 1980. He was twice voted Brazil's ``Player of the Year''. In 1976, his team won the gold medal in the South American Games. Azevedo received his Bachelor of Arts degree from California State University, Long Beach in 1980.
Carey Parrish was born in Dalton, Georgia. He attended Southeast Whitfield High School, graduating in 1985, before first pursuing a career in nursing. After traveling quite extensively during his twenties and early thirties, he began to use the experiences and adventures he had globetrotting to fuel his ambitions to become a writer. He began writing professionally in his late thirties, shortly after the death of his maternal grandmother, an event he credits as ``the single most life changing event in my experience,'' and he was soon selling articles to British based reFRESH magazine as well as in American publications such as JL Foster's Within His Castle, Entertainment Weekly, Crime Rant, and various other magazines, both in print and online.
Tim Stoner (born in Essex 1970) is an English painter. Growing up in London he attended Leyton Sixth Form College where one of his teachers was Kath Trotter. He trained at the Norwich School of Art & Design 1989-92, the Royal College of Art, London (where in 1994 he graduated with an MA in Painting), and the Rijksakademie Van Beeldende Kunsten (Royal Academy of Visual Arts) in Amsterdam 1997-98. He won the Beck's Futures art award in 2001, and worked at the British School at Rome during the same year.
Aagot Raaen was born in Iowa. Her parents, Thomas Raaen and Ragnhild Rodningen, were immigrants from Norway. The family moved to Dakota Territory to establish a homestead, settling near Hatton, North Dakota. In 1903, Raaen graduated from the Mayville State Normal School, now Mayville State University. In 1913, she graduated from the University of Minnesota.
After graduating from Elgin High School in 1978, Michael Noland worked as a security guard while taking classes at Elgin Community College. In 1984, he enlisted in the United States Navy as an E-3 (Seaman)and graduated from Hospital Corps School in 1985. Michael Noland then went to Camp Pendleton where he went through Marine Corps training and served as a Corpsman, attached to NTC Great Lakes, until he got out in 1993. Michael Noland's unit was on call for the First Persian Gulf War but was never deployed.
Known to his family as ``States'', Gist was born in Union, South Carolina, to Nathaniel Gist and Elizabeth Lewis McDaniel and was distantly related to Mordecai Gist, a general in the Continental Army during the American Revolution. He graduated from South Carolina College, now the University of South Carolina. Gist attended Harvard Law School for a year without graduating and then moved home to Union to practice law. In 1863, Gist married Jane Margaret Adams, whose father was James Hopkins Adams, governor of South Carolina from 1854 until 1856. In 1858, Gist's cousin William Henry Gist became governor. Both were active in the secession movement.
J. D. Lutz (John Lutz) is a lazy, overweight TGS writer who is oftentimes insulted or made fun of by the rest of the staff. Often, when characters enter the room to make an announcement, they will yell, ``Shut up, Lutz!'' even though Lutz was not actually speaking at the time. The other characters show little concern for his well-being; when Lutz ran head-first into a wall in ``The Ones'', nobody made any move to help him until a television mounted on a wall fell on him. Lutz is originally from Alaska, where he hated living, and his grandmother recently died. His first two initials were mentioned in the episode ``The Aftermath'', where it was also stated that he has a thyroid problem. He also mentions that he attended Oberlin College and that after his junior year there he road-tripped to SXSW. The show has strongly implied that he is gay and in the closet, although it also appears that he has made his interest in men clear, and everyone simply ignores or forgets this because they don't like him. Lutz also continues to mention a girlfriend who lives in Canada, named Karen. No one believes him, so Lutz made a website called JDLutz.com/karen/proof, which is, in fact, a real site on 30 Rock's official website.
Leonard Hokanson (August 13, 1931 -- March 21, 2003) was an American pianist who achieved prominence in Europe as a soloist and chamber musician. Born in Vinalhaven, Maine, he attended Clark University in Worcester, Massachusetts and Bennington College in Vermont, where he received a master of arts degree with a major in music. He made his concert debut with the Philadelphia Orchestra at the age of eighteen. Drafted into the U.S. Army after graduate school, he was posted to Augsburg, Germany. He achieved early recognition as a performer in Europe, serving as a soloist with such orchestras as the Berlin Philharmonic, the Rotterdam Philharmonic, and the Vienna Symphony. He was awarded the Steinway Prize of Boston and was a prizewinner at the Busoni International Piano Competition in Bolzano, Italy. His numerous international music festival appearances included Aldeburgh, Berlin, Echternach, Lucerne, Prague, Ravinia, Salzburg, Schleswig-Holstein, Tanglewood, and Vienna.
Sypher was born in Mount Kisco, New York to Harry Wylie Sypher and Martha Berry. He graduated from Amherst College in 1927. He received a master's degree from Tufts University in 1929 and became an instructor at Simmons College. That same year he married Lucy Johnston. In 1932, he received his second master's degree from Harvard University. He earned his Ph.D. in 1937 from Harvard.
Greg Morris was educated at Manchester Grammar School, where he began to study the organ under Andrew Dean. Upon leaving school he took up the post of organ scholar at St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle. He went on to study music at Jesus College, Cambridge where he accompanied and directed the two chapel choirs. He was organ scholar at St Martin-in-the-Fields, London, before being appointed as Assistant Director of Music at Blackburn Cathedral in 2000. Whilst at Blackburn he performed the World Premiere of David Briggs' Organ Concerto and was a regular accompanist on BBC Radio 4's The Daily Service.
Bennett, a point guard, played for his father Dick Bennett at the University of Wisconsin-- Green Bay (UWGB) following his high school career at Preble High School. While there, the Bennetts led the Phoenix to an NCAA Tournament berth and two appearances in the NIT. During his time there, the Phoenix had record of 87--34 (.719) en route to Bennett being named conference player of the year twice. He won the Frances Pomeroy Naismith Award given to the nation's most outstanding senior under six feet tall and was named the 1992 GTE Academic All-American of the year. He also started for a bronze-medal winning 1991 Pan-American Games team led by Gene Keady. He finished his collegiate career as the Mid-Continent Conference's all-time leader in points (2,285) and assists (601). He still ranks as the NCAA's all-time leader in 3-point percentage (.497).
Cormac McAnallen was born on 11 February 1980 in Dungannon. He lived in the Brantry, with his parents Brendan and Bridget, and his brothers Donal and Fergus. Between 1984 and 1990 Cormac attended Derrylatinee Primary School; from 1990 to 1997 he attended St. Patrick's Grammar School in Armagh. At St. Patrick's he was part of the team that won the Blackboard Jungle quiz on RTÉ (1996/97). He was a student at Queens University Belfast between 1997 and 2001, and in 2001/02 he studied at University College Dublin, while doing teaching practice at St. Benildus College, Stillorgan. He graduated from Queens in 2000 with B.A. in History, and in 2001 with Postgraduate Diploma in Computer-Based Learning. He graduated from UCD in 2002 with a Higher Diploma in Education. He was named Queen's University Graduate of the Year in 2004.
Stephen Etnier was born in September, 1903 in York, Pennsylvania. From 1915 to 1922 he attended the Haverford and Hill schools in Pennsylvania and Roxbury Tutoring School in Connecticut. He matriculated into Yale University class of 1926, transferring to Yale Art School in December 1922. Re-entering Yale University in 1923 he was later dismissed for poor grades. He entered Haverford College in 1924 and transferred to the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts, where he studied for four years.
Masanobu Shinozuka was born in Tokyo, Japan on December 23, 1930. He earned his B.S. in civil engineering in 1953 and M.S. in 1955 from Kyoto University. Shinozuka later came to the United States and received his Ph.D. in civil engineering under the supervision of Alfred Freudenthal from Columbia University in New York City. From 1958 to 1988, Shinozuka taught in the civil engineering department of Columbia University. Later, he joined the faculty of Princeton University until 1995, when Shinozuka became professor of civil engineering and Fred Champion Chair of Civil Engineering at the University of Southern California. At USC, he also served as director of the International Institute of Innovative Risk Reduction Research on Civil Infrastructure Systems.
Wodehouse was the only child of Sir Philip Edmond Wodehouse, Governor of Bombay, and Katherine Mary Templer daughter of Francis J Templer. He was educated at Eton College and at Balliol College, Oxford being awarded B.A. and M.A. 1865. He was called to the bar at Lincoln's Inn in 1861. He was private secretary to his cousin, John Wodehouse, 1st Earl of Kimberley, when he was Viceroy of Ireland from 1864 to 1866, Lord Privy Seal from 1868 to 1870 and Secretary of State for Colonies from 1870 to 1874.
Kelley O'Connor is an American mezzo-soprano. She earned her Bachelor of Music degree from Thornton School of Music at the University of Southern California and her Masters' degree in Music from the University of California, Los Angeles.
Harald Nordenson (1886--1980) was born in Göttingen, Germany. He earned his Ph.D. in 1914 at Uppsala University, where he served as Assistant Professor in physical chemistry 1914-1919. He was elected a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences in 1948 and chairman or member in different industrial, political and cultural boards, Nordenson held positions in industry as technical director and CEO. He wrote his first book about Einstein's theories in Swedish in 1922, which developed into his 1969 English book, Relativity, Time and Reality . He studied the philosophy of Hägerström and Phalèn, and describes also their opinions about Einstein's theories in his book, together with reviews of many other contributors.
Michael Pritchett is an American author best known for his novel The Melancholy Fate of Capt. Lewis. Pritchett teaches at the University of Missouri in Kansas City. He is a graduate of the University of Missouri and holds a Masters of Fine Arts in creative writing from Warren Wilson College. He won a Dana Award in 2000.
George Matsumoto was born in 1922 in San Francisco, California. He attended the University of California at Berkeley in architecture, but due to his internment during World War II as were other Japanese-Americans, Matsumoto completed his undergraduate education at Washington University in Saint Louis. He earned his graduate degree from Cranbrook Academy of Art in Michigan, studying under Eliel Saarinen.
Rev. Dr. Jerry Andrews, senior pastor of First Presbyterian Church of San Diego, received a BREd degree from Detroit Bible College. Norman Geisler, Christian apologetic and president of the Southern Evangelical Seminary, received a degree from Detroit Bible College in 1955. Gary Habermas, Christian apologetic and professor at Liberty University, received a degree from DBC in 1972, Eugene J. Mayhew, Professor of Old Testament and Semitic Languages, Moody Theological Seminary, received a BREd degree from Detroit Bible College. Vincent P. Messina, Campus Pastor of Woodside Bible Church, graduated from Detroit Bible College in 1977. Gilbert E. Patterson (1939-2007), late Presiding Bishop and Chief Apostle of the Church of God in Christ (COGIC), attended the Detroit Bible Institute. Mark D. Powers, President, Pulte Homes Connecticut, Fortune 150, received a degree from William Tyndale College in 1998. Winner of Wall Street Journal Award for Business Excellence, Suma Cum Laude William L. Rowe, professor emeritus of philosophy at Purdue University, attended Detroit Bible Institute. Jack Van Impe, televangelist, received a diploma from Detroit Bible Institute in 1952. Joseph Williams, Founder and President, Christian Association of Prison Aftercare, has a BA from William Tyndale College.
Hutton was the son of John Hutton of Sowber Hill and his wife Caroline Robson, daughter of Thomas Robson of Holtby Hall, Yorkshire. He was educated at Eton College and Christ Church, Oxford. He was a lieutenant in the North York Militia and a J.P. for the North Riding of Yorkshire.
Willie Albert Williams (born December 29, 1941 in Atlanta, Georgia) was an American football defensive back in the National Football League for the New York Giants, as well as the Oakland Raiders of the American Football League. He led the NFL in interceptions in 1968 and was selected to the Pro Bowl the following season. Williams played college football at Grambling State University and was drafted in the eighth round of the 1965 NFL Draft.
Eric Brown attended the Professional Children's School in NYC. He holds a bachelor's degree in political science from the University of California at Berkeley, where he graduated Phi Beta Kappa.
Henry Maden was the son of Sir Henry Maden from Bacup in Lancashire.He was educated privately and attended Exeter College, Oxford where he obtained his Bachelor of Arts degree. In 1923 he married Alice Fletcher from Holmfirth.
Carolyn Elkins is an American poet, award-winning teacher, and editor. She has published three books and over 100 poems in journals in the United States and abroad. Elkins is the associate editor of Tar River Poetry, the poetry and fiction editor of POMPA, and a founding editor of Ruby Shoes Press. She received a Mississippi Humanities Council teaching award in 1999 and the Excellence in Teaching Award at Delta State University in 2005, and she has taught in the Poets in Person Program sponsored by the NEH and Poetry magazine. She received a B.A. in English from Wells College and an M.A. in English from the University of Tennessee at Knoxville. She lives with her husband Bill Spencer in Cullowhee, North Carolina.
Nic Rad was born in 1982 in Cleveland, Ohio, United States. Rad is an artist based in New York City. He graduated in 2005 from the Savannah College of Art and Design in Savannah, Georgia. Rad completed his masters degree two years later at the New York Academy of Art. He was also educated in Balleroy, France and Florence, Italy during fellowship stays.
Popplewell, eldest of three children, is the daughter of Andrew Popplewell and Dr. Debra Lomas, a dermatologist. She was born in London. She has two younger actor siblings: Lulu Popplewell and Freddie Popplewell, who starred as Michael Darling in the movie Peter Pan. Her paternal grandfather, Sir Oliver Popplewell, is a distinguished former judge. She attended North London Collegiate School and was Head Girl 2006--2007.
Hamzayeva graduated from Nakhchivan State University in 2003. She is an author of monument raised in Nakhchivan to Genocide of Azerbaijanians. Studied MA in Arts and got honoured diploma and is currently pursuing a PhD. Teaching art and art history in Nakhchivan State University since 2005. She has been awarded with the title ``Honoured Artist of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic'' in 2008. In 2009 she was awarded with the title ``Honoured Artist of Azerbaijan Republic'' by President of Azerbaijan Republic. Ulviyya Hamzayeva has been elected as Chairman of ``Artists Union of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic'' in February 2011. Her works belong to local museums, private and public collections.
The son of John Hooper of Marylebone, he was born in London. After a course of medical study in London he was appointed apothecary to the Marylebone workhouse infirmary. He entered Pembroke College, Oxford, on 24 October 1796, graduated B.A. in 1803, M.A. and M.B. in 1804. He was prevented from proceeding to D.M. at the University of Oxford, but he was created M.D. of the University of St Andrews on 16 December 1805, and admitted licentiate of the Royal College of Physicians on 23 December 1805.
Dr. Xiangming Chen is a Chinese sociologist and current dean and director of the Trinity College, Hartford Center for Urban and Global Studies and is the Paul E. Raether Distinguished Professor of Sociology and International Studies. Chen was born in Beijing, China. He graduated from Beijing Foreign Studies University and received his Ph.D. in Sociology from Duke University. He also holds the positions of Distinguished Professor at Fudan University in Shanghai and honorary research fellows at the Institute of Economics of Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences and the IC2 Institute at the University of Texas at Austin. He also serves on the Council for the Community and Urban Sociology Section of the American Sociological Association.
Robert D. Cess is professor emeritus of atmospheric sciences at Stony Brook University. He earned his bachelor of science degree in mechanical engineering from Oregon State University and his masters degree from Purdue University in Indiana in 1956. Cess received a Ph.D. from the University of Pittsburgh in 1959. He is a recognized leader in the fields of climate change and atmospheric radiation transfer. His research interest involve modeling of climate feedbacks that can either amplify or diminish global climate change, and interpreting surface and satellite remote sensing data.
Clara Bryant (born February 7, 1985; Glendale, California) is an American actress. She is an alumna of Columbia University.
Curgenven was born at Friar Gate Derby, the son of William Curgenven who was a doctor and former Derbyshire cricketer, and his wife Pamela Harman. He was educated at Repton School and Clare College, Cambridge, and became a farmer.
W. Paul Thayer was born November 23, 1919, in Henryetta, Oklahoma and attended high school in Wichita, Kansas. After a high school, he attended Wichita State University, then spent a year working as an oil field roughneck, before enrolling at the University of Kansas, where he majored in petroleum engineering. During his time in college, he enrolled in the Civilian Pilot Training Program in order to train as a pilot.
Born in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia, Mary Emelia Mayne was the second youngest of five children of Irish parents, Patrick Mayne, a butcher and grazier, and his wife Mary McIntosh Mayne. She attended All Hallows' School in Brisbane until 1877. Thereafter she oversaw and hostessed many functions at Moorlands, the family home at Auchenflower. She and her siblings all inherited real estate, giving them independent means, Neither she nor her siblings would marry.
He enrolled at the University of Idaho, but did not stay to graduate. He went to work in the circulation department of the local newspaper, of which his father was publisher. When his father died in 1958, Duane Hagadone took over as publisher, eventually buying out the paper, and several others, from the Scripps company in 1976.
George David Cummins was born in Delaware on 11 December 1822. He graduated from Dickinson College in 1841, and entered the Methodist ministry.
Franz Anton Menge (15 February 1808, Arnsberg -- 27 January 1880, Danzig) was a German entomologist. Menge was a student of Physics, Chemistry and Natural History at the University of Bonn He became Professor at the Petrischule in Danzig. Menge published ``Preussische Spinnen'' or Spiders of Prussia between 1866 and 1878.
Maude Meagher (8 April 1895 - 1977) was a novelist, author of Fantastic Traveller, the tale of a young man living in a world of his dreams. She was born in Boston, Massachusetts to Rev. H.A. Meagher and Anne Maude Tomlinson. She graduated from the University of California, Berkeley in 1917, where she met her life-long friend Catherine Urner, and became a reporter for the San Francisco Chronicle in 1918. In 1919-1920, she worked as a foreign correspondent and an actress in England and Germany, and then traveled with her friend Catherine through France, Algeria and Italy. In 1925, she wrote the adventure novel Copper Mountain: Adventurous Days Among the Eskimos partly based on the books of Vilhjalmur Stefansson. In 1930 she published her novel, White Jade, a historical novel about Yang Kuei-fei telling how Po Chu'i (Bo Juyi) came to write his famous poem ``Everlasting Sorrow'' about Yang. In 1934, she wrote ``The Green Scamander,'' a novel about the Trojan War from the viewpoint of the Amazons. With her friend Carolyn Smiley, Meagher started publishing World Youth magazine. They ran the magazine out of an adobe house called Casa Tierra which they built and lived in. When it was completed in 1947, it was reportedly the largest secular adobe in North America. They wrote of their experience in a book entitled How We Built An Adobe House For World Youth. Because of the acoustics, which he considered ideal, their friend famed violinist Yehudi Menuhin loved to play the violin in the great room.
In 1939, Belligrath's contract was not renewed and the board of trustees appointed Malcolm Boyd Dana as president. Dana was the first president of Piedmont College to have been born in the 20th century. Throughout his five years at Piedmont, Dana focused primarily on keeping his ideals of Piedmont being a Christian college a reality.
Charles Edward Cobb (24 May 1863 -- 6 July 1922) was an English cricketer. Cobb was a right-handed batsman who fielded as a wicket-keeper. He was born in Adderbury, Oxfordshire. He was educated at Rugby School, where he represented the school cricket team.
Robbins was born in Baltimore, Maryland and was a graduate of the Baltimore City College and the University of Baltimore Law School. Fred Robbins, an American disc jockey and T.V. show host, was born Fred Rubin. Robbins attended Baltimore City College and then graduated from the University of Baltimore in 1938. While at University of Baltimore, Robbins was the Features and Radio Editor of The Baloo (the Official Campus News Weekly) and he was also a member of the Tennis Team and Dramatic Club. 1
The Brannock Device is a measuring instrument invented by Charles F. Brannock for measuring a person's shoe size. The son of a shoe industry entrepreneur, Brannock attended Syracuse University, New York, U.S.A. where he became a member of the Delta Kappa Epsilon Fraternity. Brannock spent two years developing a simple means of measuring the length, width and arc length of the human foot. He eventually improved on the wooden RITZ Stick, the industry standard of the day, and patented his first prototype in 1926. The device has both left and right heel cups and is rotated through 180 degrees to measure the second foot. Brannock later formed the Brannock Device Company to manufacture and sell the product, and headed the company until 1992 when he died at age 89. Today, the Brannock Device is an international standard of the footwear industry, and the Smithsonian Institution houses samples of some of the first Brannock Devices.
William Birney born on his father's plantation near Huntsville, Alabama. He grew up there and in Danville, Kentucky. Birney was educated at Yale University and served as a lawyer in Cincinnati, Ohio. He then lived for five years in Europe, primarily on the Continent and in England. For two years, he was a professor of English literature at the college in Bourges. He took an active part in the revolutionary movement in France in 1848. He later wrote numerous articles for English and American newspapers. Returning to the United States in 1853, Birney established a newspaper, the Daily Register, in Philadelphia.
Andrew Sean Greer, the child of two scientists, was born in Washington, D.C.. He studied writing with Robert Coover and Edmund White at Brown University, where he was the commencement speaker at his own graduation, where his unrehearsed remarks, critiquing Brown's admissions policies, caused a semi-riot. After years in New York working as a chauffeur, theater tech, television extra and unsuccessful writer, he moved to Missoula, Montana, where he received his Master of Fine Arts from The University of Montana, from where he soon moved to Seattle and two years later to San Francisco where he now lives. He is currently a fellow at the New York Public Library Cullman Center. He is an identical twin.
Edward Underdown, full name Charles Edward Underdown, was born on 3 December 1908 in London. He was educated at Eton College in Berkshire.
Spence was born into a musical family that had once owned Squire Pianos, a piano manufactory in North London. His father was a doctor, and his mother a pianist, who worked as an archivist at the Royal College of Music. As a young mother, she worked as personal assistant to Walter Legge and Yehudi Menuhin. Artists and musicians were regular lunch guests at the family home. He was educated at Uppingham School and gained an honours degree in music at New College, Oxford, where he was a choral scholar and was much influence by his tutor Edward Higginbotham. He continued his vocal studies at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama, where he studied with David Pollard.
Thomas (Tom) James Dunbabin DSO (1911--1955), was an Australian classicist scholar and archaeologist of Tasmanian origin. His father was Thomas Dunbabin (1883-1973), a distinguished journalist. Dunbabin studied at the University of Sydney and then moved to Corpus Christi College, Oxford. There, he was eventually appointed Reader in Classical Archaeology and Fellow of All Souls College, specializing on Greek colonization in Italy.
Born in Middletown, Pennsylvania in the family home, the son of Simon Cameron, the 26th Secretary of War and a powerful Pennsylvania politician and Margaret Brua. Cameron graduated from Princeton College (today Princeton University) in 1852 and received a graduate degree in 1855. He worked as a bank clerk and cashier and was later president of the Northern Central Railway from 1866 to 1874. In 1876, President Ulysses S. Grant appointed Cameron to his cabinet as Secretary of War, a post his father once served in during the Lincoln administration, to succeed Alphonso Taft, who became Attorney General, and served as so until the end of Grant's presidency.
Ali Aydar was born in Richmond, Virginia and grew up in Napoleon, Michigan. In high school, he ran a Bulletin Board System by the name of ``Awesome Fred's BBS.'' After high school, he attended Carnegie Mellon University, where he majored in mathematics and computer science. While there, Aydar was a contributor to the Free Internet Chess Server, an open-source project that enabled people to play online chess for free. This experience led to Aydar co-founding online chess startup chess.net with John Fanning, the uncle of Napster creator Shawn Fanning, in 1996.
Alan Fletcher (born 30 March 1957) is an Australian actor and musician, best known for his role as Karl Kennedy in long-running soap opera Neighbours. Fletcher was educated at Wesley College, Perth.
Dr. Rolland Hein is a Professor Emeritus of English at Wheaton College, Wheaton, Illinois. Born September 12, 1932, he was a student at Wheaton College, and studied under Clyde Kilby, who was responsible for helping to secure the papers of writers C. S. Lewis and J. R. R. Tolkien for the Marion E. Wade Center at Wheaton College.
He was born in Pasadena, California, to the actor Tyler MacDuff and the former Beverlie May Anderson (born 1930), who divorced in 1961. He is named for his father's close friend, the actor Dana Andrews. He graduated in 1974 from Blair International Baccalaureate School in Pasasdena. Like his father, Dana MacDuff served in the United States Navy, having been on active duty from 1974-1977. He then worked as a page at the American Broadcasting Company. After working in features for a time, he accepted a position as a floor and stage manager with the BBC in Belfast, Northern Ireland. He returned to Hollywood in 1995 to produce films.
King attended Brigham Young University. She married Larry King on September 5, 1997. She is the mother of three sons: Chance Armstrong King (b. March 9, 1999) and Cannon Edward King (b. May 22, 2000), who are from King, and Danny Southwick (b. Sept. 28, 1981) from a previous marriage.
Tim Hurson (born 1946) is a speaker, writer, and creativity theorist living in Toronto, Canada. He was born in Johannesburg, South Africa and grew up in New York, USA. He is now a Canadian citizen. He was educated at The Peddie School in Hightstown, New Jersey, and went to college at Oberlin College in Ohio.
Kamilla Kristensen is a Danish team handball player, playing for Handball Club Odense and for the Danish women's national handball team. She attended Kalundborg Gymnasium.
Nathaniel Wiley is an American illustrator and web cartoonist. He is currently a college student at the University of Maine where he is a member of the anime club and publisher of Theme Music Not Included.
John Vandenbergh is a Emeritus Professor of Zoology at North Carolina State University. He attended Montclair State University in New Jersey, earning a BA in 1958, Ohio University and received his PhD from Penn State University in 1962. Currently, his research focuses on the effects of prenatal hormone exposure and endocrine disruption on rodent behaviour, physiology and anatomy. He has previously advised the Environmental Protection Agency on endocrine disrupters such as Bisphenol A (BPA).
Erik Vendt attended Boston College High School in Dorchester, MA. While in high school, Vendt swam for the United States Club Swimming Team Ocean State Squids under head coach Joshua Stern. While swimming for the Boston College high school swim team, Vendt was able to set a state record as a senior in the 500 free style with a time of 4:24.35 (1999), which is still the record today. Vendt then attended the University of Southern California and was a five-time NCAA title winner, 13-time All-American and seven-time Pac-10 title winner as a Trojan.
Born in Singapore, Adele Wong traces her ancestry to Shanghai, China. Adele graduated from National University of Singapore with an honors degree in sociology. At NUS, Adele was active in dance and theatre.
Between 1897 and 1899 Julian Coolidge taught at the Groton School where one of his students was Franklin D. Roosevelt. He left the private school to accept a teaching position at Harvard and in 1902 was given an assistant professorship, but took two years off to further his education with studies in Turin, Italy before receiving his doctorate from the University of Bonn. Julian Coolidge then returned to teach at Harvard where he remained for his entire academic career, interrupted only by a year at the Sorbonne in Paris as an exchange professor.
Pieter De Somer (1917 -- 1985) was a Belgian physician and biologist. He studied medicine from 1935 up to 1942 at the Catholic University of Leuven (Leuven, Belgium). He did research and later became a professor at the Department of medicine, where he specialised in microbiology and immunology. In 1968, he became the first rector of the Flemish Katholieke Universiteit Leuven and he remained rector until his death in 1985.
Cameron Sanders was born May 30, 1958 in Lincoln, Nebraska. He attended La Sierra University in Riverside, California. He is married to Yvonne P. Sanders (nee Watson). He resides in Tustin, California. When Sanders joined AFTRA (the broadcast union) in 1985 he was required to choose a professional name other than Ron Sanders because another broadcaster had previously joined the union under that name. As a result, he has been known professionally as Cameron Sanders since that date.
Will Anthony Parker (born February 11, 1966 in Sylacauga, Alabama) is a former American football cornerback who played nine seasons in the National Football League, mainly for the Minnesota Vikings. He attended McClintock High School in Tempe, Arizona, before attending Arizona State University. His son, Colin, was a redshirt freshman at Arizona State University the 2007-2008 season.
Stephen Bowen is the current Dean and CEO of Oxford College of Emory University. Bowen received his bachelor's degree in 1971 from Depauw University, followed two years later by an M.A. from Indiana University. He earned his Ph.D. in 1976 from Rhodes University in Grahamstown, South Africa.
Sargon Boulus (, , 1944 -- October 22, 2007) was an Iraqi-Assyrian poet and short story writer. He was born in Habbaniyah, Iraq. In 1967, he left for Beirut, where he worked as a journalist and a translator. He later emigrated to the United States, and from 1968 lived in San Francisco. He studied comparative literature at the University of California at Berkeley, and sculpture at Skyline College. An avant-garde and thoroughly modern writer, his poetry has been published in major Arab magazines and has translated W. S. Merwin, Allen Ginsberg, Gary Snyder, Michael McClure, and others.
Kyrle was the son of Walter Kyrle, a barrister and MP. The family had lived at Ross for many generations. He was educated at Balliol College, Oxford, and studied Law, but did not qualify and having succeeded to the family property looking over the market square at Ross he lived there.
John Eliot was educated at Blundell's School, Tiverton, and matriculated at Exeter College, Oxford, on 4 December 1607, and, leaving the university after three years, he studied law at one of the Inns of Court. He also spent some months travelling in France, Spain and Italy, in company, for part of the time, with young George Villiers, afterwards 1st Duke of Buckingham.
Abram S. Isaacs (1851-1920) was an American rabbi, author, and professor. Isaacs received his education at the New York University, from which he was graduated in 1871. He became a Rabbi at Barnett Memorial Temple at Paterson, New Jersey. For thirty-five years he occupied a chair at the New York University, first as Professor of Hebrew, then of Germanic languages, and later of Semitics. Starting in 1878, he edited The Jewish Messenger, a weekly publication devoted to Jewish communal affairs. It became merged in The American Hebrew in 1903, at which time Isaacs withdrew from editorial work. He was also a frequent contributor to periodicals, writing on Judaism and Jewish issues. He published several books, including A Modern Hebrew Poet: The Life and Writings of Moses Chaim Luzzatto, published in 1878, What is Judaism? and Stories from the Rabbis. For the Encyclopedia Americana he edited the Semitic department. Isaacs wrote the hymn ``A Noble Life, a SimpleFaith'' in the Union Hymnal. Isaacs died at Paterson, N. J., on December 22, 1920.
Stephen Howard Naegle, American watercolor artist, was born in Toquerville, Utah in 1938. He attended first, Southern Utah University and later graduated with a Bachelor's of Fine Arts Degree and Master's of Fine Arts Degree in 1968 and 1969, respectively, from Utah State University. He taught art, drawing, ceramics and sculpture at Arkansas Polytechnic College, Russellville, Arkansas and Casper College, Casper Wyoming. Mr. Naegle created possibly thousands of watercolors in his short 42 years, as well as a number of major oil paintings.
Joseph Colombo, Sr. was born into an Italian American family. His father, Anthony Colombo, was a Cosa Nostra soldier who in 1938 was found strangled in a car with his mistress. Joe Colombo attended New Utrecht High School in Brooklyn for two years, then dropped out to join the U.S. Coast Guard. In 1945, he was diagnosed with neurosis and discharged from the service. His legitimate jobs included ten years as a longshoreman and six years as a salesman for a meat company. His final job was that of a real estate salesman.
John Trobaugh (born 1968) in Lansing, Michigan is an American artist specializing in photography and based in Birmingham, Alabama. Trobaugh received his BFA in 1996 with honors from University of Alabama at Birmingham and went on to study photography at the School of Visual Arts. In 2003 he received his Masters in Fine Art from the University of Alabama in Tuscaloosa, Alabama.
Born in Oakland, California, he studied at University of California at Berkeley (earning his B.S. in 1951) and then at University of Chicago where he earned his Ph.D. in chemistry in 1954. While at Chicago, Miller was a student of Harold Urey.
Camilo Delgado, a Puerto Rican man, was born on May 29, 1927 and died peacefully in his sleep on February 8, 2005 at the age of 78 of natural causes. He pioneered television in Puerto Rico and appeared regularly as an actor, announcer, MC, talk show host, and producer. The son of a school principal and an elementary school teacher, he graduated from the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York City with honors in 1957. After acting in numerous off-Broadway productions such as ``The Heiress'', ``Shakhuntala'', The Summer House``, he returned to Puerto Rico and became a leading man in many successful soap operas such as ''Concierto de Amor`` and ''Bajo el Vuelo de los Alcatraces``. In 1970, he became an independent producer and created hits such as ''Sabados Gigantes``, ''Field Day por Television``, ''Gane con Subaru``, ''Volando con Pan Am`` and pioneered morning television in his country with ''Despierta Puerto Rico``. He enjoyed a lifetime marriage to Diana Santiago, his wife of 55 years. Delgado produced TV shows with a high quality standard, avoiding vulgarity or sensationalism. Nonetheless, he publicly opposed any kind of censorship on the content of television programs.
Born in 1861, the son of General Henry Meade Hamilton, Hubert Hamilton was educated at Haileybury and Imperial Service College and, following attendance at the Royal Military College, entered service with the 2nd Foot Regiment (Queen's Royal Regiment) in 1880. As a child he was surrounded by military figures; in addition to his father, his brother-in-law was General Sir George Pomeroy Colley, who was killed in action at the battle of Majuba Hill in 1881. In the early 1880s he travelled to India with his regiment, and there was involved in the Burma Expedition, remaining in the country from 1886 to 1888 and winning the campaign medal with two clasps. Ten years later he was involved in the Mahdist War, when he accompanied Lord Kitchener's army against the Mahdist forces, fighting at the battle of Atbara and the battle of Omdurman and being rewarded for his service with the Distinguished Service Order and the Imperial Ottoman Order (Fourth Class) from the Khedive of Egypt.
Rose Ann Scamardella graduated from Marymount Manhattan College with a B.A. in sociology in 1968. After working for a stockbroker for ``a couple of years'' by her own account, she became the personnel director of an export company. By 1972, referred to in The Village Voice as ``Roseann'' Scamardella, she was working as what the paper identified only as a ``television journalist''.
List was the runner-up at the 2004 U.S. Amateur to Ryan Moore, finishing 2 down. He won the Jones Cup Invitational in 2005. List attended Vanderbilt University, where he graduated in 2007 with a degree in Human and Organizational Development.
John Ogiltree (born June 3, 1978 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian baseball pitcher. He is a graduate of Martin Methodist College, and plays for the New Hampshire Fisher Cats. He was part of Team Canada in the 2004 Summer Olympics, which finished in fourth place.
Ric Estrada was born in Havana, Cuba, and lived in Luyano, a suburb of Havana. He made his first professional sale, an illustration used on the cover of the Cuban magazine Bohemia, at the age of 13. Estrada attended the University of Havana concurrent with Fidel Castro, whom he passed in the halls but never met. Through his uncle, Sergio Carbo, Estrada met writer Ernest Hemingway; the two men facilitated Estrada's move to New York City in 1947 to further his artistic studies and start a career. Estrada there attended the New York Art Students League, New York University, and the School of Visual Arts. Estrada's first New York home was in Greenwich Village where he met fellow artists such as Lee J. Ames, Dan Barry, Sy Barry, Frank Frazetta, Andre LeBlanc, Mort Meskin, Pete Morisi, Don Perlin and George Roussos
Brian R. McClure was born in 1957 to Margaret Reed McClure and David Brian McClure in Houston, Texas. He met his wife Betsy on a blind date to a homecoming dance in his senior year of high school. Brian graduated with a B.S. degree from Louisiana State University in 1980, and he and Betsy married in 1981. Today the McClures reside in Austin, Texas and they have three boys.
Shaun ``Sweet Cheeks'' William Cooper was born November 12, 1980 in Baldwin, New York. Like his band mates, John Nolan and Michelle DaRosa, he attended Baldwin Senior High School, graduating in 1999. He is the current bass guitar player for Taking Back Sunday. In 2003 Cooper proposed that he and John Nolan leave Taking Back Sunday due to irreconcilable differences. Cooper was then replaced by Matt Rubano. Cooper maintained a close friendship with Mark O'Connell of Taking Back Sunday. On March 29, 2010 Shaun got back together with his former band Taking Back Sunday. He mainly plays Fender jazz and precision bass guitars.
Eric Stern is the Director of Operations for the Career Development Office at the University of California, Berkeley School of Law (Boalt Hall). Before re-locating to California, Stern worked at The George Washington School of Law. He is the former Executive Director of the National Stonewall Democrats. Eric was born in August 1975 and grew up in Wadsworth, Ohio. From July 2003 to March 2005, Eric served as Director of LGBT Outreach for the Democratic National Committee. In 2004, he was a Regional Field Director overseeing operations in Scott and Clinton counties in Iowa for the Kerry-Edwards Campaign. He received his law degree from Northeastern University School of Law in Boston. After law school, he received the Dorot Law Fellowship at the Alliance for Justice (AFJ) where he worked on LGBT civil rights issues. While in law school, Stern worked for the Whitman-Walker Clinic, U.S. Department of Justice (Civil Rights Division, Employment Litigation Section), Human Rights Campaign and the Children's Law Center. He stepped down as Executive Director of National Stonewall Democrats in March 2006 and was succeeded by Jo Wyrick. He currently provides political consulting to Democratic candidates and advocacy organizations and, in early 2007, signed on as a volunteer senior adviser for the John Edwards for President Campaign. After John Edwards dropped out of the presidential race, the Obama Campaign appointed Eric as one of the National Co-Chairs of Obama Pride. In this capacity, Stern helped the Obama Campaign target, mobilize and turn out LGBT and allied voters in the primaries and general election.
Eric Watson was born on September 14. He received a B.A. and M.A. from Andersonville Theological Seminary in Camilla, Georgia. He also studied at the University of Tennessee at Martin.
Leonard Scott (born January 19, 1980) is an American sprinter mainly competing in the 100 meters event. Scott attended the University of Tennessee on a track scholarship and turned professional in 2002. In 2005 he joined the exclusive list of sprinters to run the 100 in less than 10 seconds. A month later he finished sixth at the 2005 World Championships. Having overcome eventual silver medal winner Michael Frater in the semifinal, he had been among the medal favorites.
Neil Williams was born in Canada and educated in Wales, where also first learned to fly in 1951. After completing an engineering apprenticeship he joined the RAF, and was trained as a pilot in Canada, winning the course trophy and gaining his wings. He served in Cyprus as a Canberra photo-reconnaissance pilot, and returned to United Kingdom in 1961, where he joined an experimental squadron. In 1962 he graduated from the Empire Test Pilots' School, and also started competitive aerobatic flying. He won all the U.K. domestic competitions in 1965 and went on to compete in the World Aerobatic Championships (FAI WAC). In 1965 he was the highest placed British pilot in the Lockheed Trophy, and was Europe's best biplane pilot when he flew a Stampe SV.4B to 4th place in the Top French competition. He gained another 'first' for Britain in the following year by reaching the finals of the FAI WAC, and in 1967, flying a standard two-seater Zlín, he won the Biancotto Trophy. In 1970 he was awarded the Queen's Commendation for Valuable Service in the Air, when he successfully crash landed a Zlin after a wing folded during aerobatic training. Three weeks after receiving the replacement Zlin from Czechoslovakia, he reached 5th place in the FAI WAC,; the highest place achieved by any Zlin pilot. 1974 was marked by the British teams'outright victory in the FAI EAC and Neil's solo win in the Coupé Champion in France. In 1975 he became British Aerobatic Champion for the eleventh time and in 1976 reached 4th place in the FAI WAC in Kiev. Captain of the British Aerobatic Team from 1966 until his death in 1977, he regularly flew at airshows and was best known for his displays in the Pitts Special, Spitfire, and the famous machines of the Shuttleworth Collection and for his test flying of unusual and tricky airplanes.
He played with the Dominican National Team at the 2001 Under-21 World Championships and has represented Dominican Republic in other prestigious events as well. From 2002 to 2004, he attended Southeastern Community College in Iowa where he averaged 11.6 points with 7.4 rebounds and 2.7 assists, both years he won the NJCAA national championships under head coach Joe O'Brien. From 2004 to 2006, Ivan Almonte attended Florida International University, where he averaged 16 points with 10.5 rebounds and 3.2 assists.
Ivan Hribar was born in the Carniolan town of Trzin in what was then the Austrian Empire (now in Slovenia). He studied law at the University of Vienna, and made a professional career as the representative of a Czech bank in Ljubljana between 1876 and 1919.
The piece, which lasts ten minutes, is written for the unusual combination of amplified typewriters and tape. The tape part was created and realised by Ed Wright, a student at Bangor University at the time. Stereo Type was billed as ``A sonic journey from the past to the present.'' It was premiered by students from the School of Music of the University of Wales, Bangor, where Puw is a Lecturer. The first performance took place on 5 March 2005 in the Deiniol Shopping Centre, Bangor. The performance was featured on the S4C television programme Y Sioe Gelf on 20 March 2005.
Martin Johansson (born September 26, 1984) is a Swedish orienteering and ski-orienteering competitor, medallist from the orienteering world championships, and a 2004 Junior World Champion in relay. He received bronze medals in sprint at the World Orienteering Championships in Kiev in 2007 and in Olomouc in 2008.
Serge Sorokko turned a lifelong appreciation for art into eponymous fine art galleries featuring many of the world's leading contemporary artists. He was born in Riga, Latvia, then part of the Soviet Union, and now part of the EU. His mother was a lawyer and father an architect and art collector, recognized for designing, in the 1960s and 1970s, some of Riga's most prominent public buildings. Sorokko graduated magna cum laude from the Latvian State University (now University of Latvia) in 1977 with an advanced degree in English literature. In 1978, at the age of 24, he emigrated to the United States and settled in San Francisco. He became a naturalized American citizen in 1984.
Gabriel Hauge (pronounced How-ghee) was born in Hawley, Minnesota. He was the son of Reverend Søren G. Hauge, a Lutheran Minister and an immigrant from Sandane in Sogn og Fjordane, Norway. Hauge earned a B.A. from Concordia College (Minnesota) in 1935 and a M.A. from Harvard University in 1938. He earned his Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1947.
Alisa Flatow (1975--1995), the American Jewish student from West Orange, New Jersey killed in the attack, attended Brandeis University. When Flatow succumbed to her wounds, her family donated her organs to save the lives of others.
Obafemi Anibaba obtained a bachelors degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Lagos and went on to obtain a Phd. in Engineering from the University of Surrey. He worked for many years for the Lagos State Ministry of Works and Transport. He has served on the board of several companies, and was Chairman, Ogun-Osun River Basin Development Authority and Chairman, Femo Engineering (Nigeria). He was on the board of First Bank of Nigeria, Jos Steel Rolling Company and Allied Bank of Nigeria, and was Chairman of the Governing Council of Lagos Polytechnic, Isolo.
Magnitsky was born into a peasant family. According to some accounts, he graduated from the Slavic Greek Latin Academy in Moscow. From 1701 and until his death, he taught arithmetic, geometry and trigonometry at the Moscow School of Mathematics and Navigation, becoming its director in 1716. In 1703, Magnitsky wrote his famous Arithmetic (Арифметика; 2,400 copies), which was used as the principal textbook on mathematics in Russia until the middle of the 18th century (Mikhail Lomonosov was himself taught by this book, which he called the ``gates to his own erudition''.) This book was more an encyclopedia of mathematics than a textbook because most of its content was communicated for the first time in Russian literature. In 1703, Magnitsky also produced a Russian edition of Adriaan Vlacq's log tables called Таблицы логарифмов и синусов, тангенсов и секансов (Tables of Logarithms, Sines, Tangents, and Secants). Legend has it that Leonty Magnitsky was nicknamed Magnitsky by Peter the Great, who considered him a ``people's magnet'' (магнит, or ``magnit'' in Russian).
Jan Balej (born May 30, 1958) is an animation artist, film director and art designer of Czech Repubilc. Balej graduated from Academy of Arts, Architecture and Design in Prague -- The Studio of film and television graphics. (1992)
Sam Daly (born on March 24, 1984 in Providence, Rhode Island) is an American actor. He is the son of actor Tim Daly and actress Amy Van Nostrand. His aunt is actress Tyne Daly. He is a 2006 graduate of Middlebury College, where he captained the basketball team his senior year.
John Addey was born in Barnsley, Yorkshire in the UK on 15 June 1920 at 8.15am and died at the Royal Homeopathic Hospital, London at 5.17pm on 27 March 1982. He attended Ackworth School (in Pontefract, Yorkshire): Ackworth was a Quaker School, although the Addey family were not Quakers themselves, and Addey was much influenced by the spirit of Quakerism -- he was a conscientious objector during the second world war -- and was later to marry a Quaker. During his time at Ackworth he showed some talent for poetry, but more so for sports: he was captain of most of the various sports teams organised by the school. He was head boy before leaving in 1939 and going on to Cambridge where he read English literature. He left university and join the Friends Ambulance Unit: It was while working here that he was struck down by severe Ankylosing Spondylitis, and was unable to walk without the aid of a stick for the rest of his life. Initial treatment required a 18 month stay in hospital, and it was during this enforced period of immobility that his energies turned inwards towards the two areas of study which were to occupy him for the rest of his life: philosophy and astrology (he had been interested in both from his mid-teens). He studied with Faculty of Astrological Studies and was awarded his Diploma in the early fifties.
Evans was born in Llangynyw, Montgomeryshire, Wales, where his father (also called David Evans) was the local priest. After studying at Jesus College, Oxford, where he obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1728 and Master of Arts degree in 1731, he was ordained into the Church of England. In 1734 he was appointed to the parish of Llanddwyn. In 1737, he became the rector of Llanerfyl, moving to Llanymynech in 1767 and becoming a canon of St Asaph in 1772. He died in 1788 and was buried at Llanymynech.
Elizabeth Letts was born on June 23, 1961, in Houston, Texas. She grew up in Southern California. As a teenager, she was a competitive equestrian three-day eventer. She attended Northfield Mount Hermon School and Yale College where she majored in History. She served in the Peace Corps in Morocco.
Leonard Cheshire was the son of Geoffrey Chevalier Cheshire, DCL, LLD, FBA, a barrister, academic and influential writer on English law. He had one brother, Christopher Cheshire, also a wartime pilot. Cheshire was born in Chester, but was brought up at his parents' home near Oxford. He was educated at the Dragon School, Oxford, Stowe School and Merton College, Oxford. While at Oxford he became friends with John Niel Randle. On one occasion at Oxford he was bet half a pint of beer that he could not walk to Paris. With no more than a few pennies and a pocket handkerchief he won his bet. Cheshire graduated in Jurisprudence in 1939. He went to stay in Germany in 1936 with a family in Potsdam.
Mitch went to high school at Colorado Rocky Mountain School. He later studied environmental science at Colorado College in Colorado Springs. While at Colorado College, Mitch Hoke was widely known for his passion for euromotion and his killer dance moves at cycling team parties. He also started a full moon cruiser ride to which he is still known to make a rare appearance. He graduated with a Bachelors of Arts degree in 2011. Once in high school, he wore his cycling shorts backwards during a competitive hill climb event.
Temsula Ao was born in October 1945 at Jorhat, Assam. She matriculated from Ridgeway Girls' High School, Golaghat, Assam. She received her B.A with Distinction from Fazl Ali College, Mokokchung, Nagaland. She received her M.A in English from Gauhati University, Assam. From Central Institute of English and Foreign Languages (presently English and Foreign Languages University,) Hyderabad she received her Post Graduate Diploma in the Teaching of English and Ph.D from NEHU. From 1992-97 she served as Director, North East Zone Cultural Centre, Dimapur on Deputation from NEHU, and was Fulbright Fellow to University of Minnesota 1985-86. She received the honorary Padma Shri Award in 2007. She is the recipient of the Governor's Gold Medal 2009 from the government of Meghalaya. She is widely respected as one of the major literary voices in English to emerge from Northeast India along with Mitra Phukan and Mamang Dai.
Brown was born in Newry, County Down, Northern Ireland where his father, Norman Brown senior, ran a public house: ``The Star Bar'', or ``Brown's Bar'', overlooking the Clanrye River and Newry Town Hall. Brown attended Newry High School. He won the 1982 ``Classic race'' in the Isle of Man Tourist Trophy (TT) and in 1983, he raised the TT lap record to 116.19 mph in the Senior Classic event for machines up to 1000cc. He was killed during the British Grand Prix at Silverstone on 31 July 1983 . When it began to rain he slowed and whilst 'touring' back to the pits he was hit by Swiss rider (Peter Huber) and both riders were killed.
Alicia Vitarelli is a new anchor for Action News in Philadelphia. She joined the Action News team in October 2010. On occasion, Alicia teams up with NJ 101.5 radio host Dennis Malloy to cook up Italian specialties for a weekend cooking show called ``A Roma Aroma.'' She previously worked for News 12 New Jersey, where she was the morning and afternoon anchor for two and a half years. She was also the producer and host of ``Buck Wild,'' a weekly bargain-hunting segment that aired on Wednesdays. She has also worked as an anchor and reporter for Time Warner cable network NY1, a 24-hour channel in New York City. Vitarelli graduated from Villanova University with degrees in Communications, Spanish and Theatre, and has a master's degree in Broadcast Journalism from the Medill School of Journalism at Northwestern University.http://www.nytimes.com/2007/04/29/fashion/weddings/29VITARELLI.html
Suzanne Collins was the daughter of Jack and Trudy Collins. She graduated from Robert E. Lee High School in Springfield, Virginia.
Rosanne Siino was born on March 29, 1962. The daughter of an Italian immigrant and first generation Italian-American, she was raised in the East Bay (San Francisco Bay Area), California, United States. After graduating from a Catholic high school, she earned a degree in Communications, with minors in Sociology and English, from University of the Pacific and began her career in journalism and television.
Brulin studied scenographics at La Cambre (1943--1946) in Brussels. Its director Herman Teirlinck, successor of architect Henry Van de Velde, became Brulin's mentor. From 1946 until 1948 Brulin studied theatre at the Studio of the National Theatre in Antwerp. He also attended a BBC training course and became the first TV director for Drama at the Belgian Radio and Television Flemish Service in Brussels. Tone Brulin was co-founder of the avant-garde literary magazines Tijd en Mens (Time and Men) (1948), with Hugo Claus and Louis-Paul Boon and Gard Sivik (1952), with the poets Hugues Pernath and Paul Snoek. He published three volumes of short stories De Neger op de Sofa, Gevecht tussen twee Mannen van Rubber and Popsinger (Nijgh & van Ditmar) He acted in the first Flemish long feature film after the war, Meeuwen sterven in de Haven with Dora van der Groen and Julien Schoenarts.
Robert J. Blackwell was born in 1925. He was a native of Brooklyn, New York. He graduated from Syracuse University and Harvard Law School. He served in the U.S. Navy from 1943 to 1946. His government career began as an attorney with the Federal Maritime Board, then as director of several bureaus within the Federal Maritime Commission. In May 1969 he became deputy maritime administrator and in March 1971 Deputy Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Maritime Affairs. He served through the remainder of the Nixon and Ford Administrations and into the Carter Administration. He left that post in 1979, and was replaced by Samuel B. Nemirowhttp://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/ws/?pid=32476.
In 1993, the head position was split into two roles -- an executive head (Worldwide Managing Director) and a non-executive head (Chairman of the Board). Orit Gadiesh, named Bain's first Chairman in 1993, was fundamental in maintaining Bain's culture. After spending two years in military intelligence for the Israeli army and earning a degree in psychology from Hebrew University, Gadiesh enrolled in the Harvard Business School and graduated as a Baker Scholar. As a junior partner during the turnaround, she had been instrumental in keeping senior partners from leaving the firm; as chairman, she became the first female to lead one of the major consulting firms. Gadiesh was known throughout the firm for her passionate leadership and ``True North'' philosophy, which the firm still embraces. For the past several years, she has landed among Forbes list of the 100 Most Powerful Women in Business and is on the board of several organizations, including the World Economic Forum.
Geoff Eley (born 1949) is a British-born historian of Germany. He received his D.Phil from the University of Sussex in 1974, and has taught at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor since 1979. He now serves as the Karl Pohrt Distinguished University Professor at that institution.
Ruth Bolden (1910 - 2004) was a library founder and civil rights worker. She was educated at Stillman College and received her master's degree in library science from Atlanta University. She helped found what would become the Weaver-Bolden Branch Library (part of the Tuscaloosa Public Library system) in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, which is now named in honor of her and of Dr. George Weaver.
Lee Swanson is formerly an executive news producer for KGTV, San Diego. He was the news director at KATU TV in Portland, Oregon, and has also been a television news producer in Houston, Greenville, South Carolina and Waterloo, Iowa. A Pine City, Minnesota native, he began his television career as a reporter in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. He is a graduate of the University of Minnesota.
Valerie Barsom is an attorney in private practice and a former State Representative of the Massachusetts House of Representatives. She represented the 13th Hampden District, encompassing portions of Springfield, Wilbraham and East Longmeadow. She served in the Massachusetts House for two terms from 1993-1996. She withdrew from re-election in 1996 to accept a position as legal counsel at the Massachusetts Turnpike Authority. (O'Connel 1996, p. A1) Barsom attended Clark University in Worcester, earning a BA degree in Government in 1982. She earned her Juris Doctorate from New England School of Law in Boston in 1991. Barsom served as Legal Counsel to the Massachusetts Turnpike Authority and started the Law Offices of Valerie Barsom in 1997. (Silberman,1997, p. A13)
George Hugo Boldt (December 28, 1903 -- March 18, 1984) was a United States federal judge. Boldt was born in Chicago, Illinois. He received a B.A. from the University of Montana in 1925. He received an LL.B. from the University of Montana School of Law in 1926. He was in private practice in Helena, Montana from 1926 to 1927. He was in private practice in Seattle, Washington from 1928 to 1945. He was in the United States Army Lieutenant Colonel from 1942 to 1945. He was a State special deputy attorney general of Washington in 1940 and from 1946 to 1947. He was in private practice in Tacoma, Washington from 1946 to 1953. He was a Special prosecuting attorney of Pierce County, Washington from 1948 to 1949.
Sameer, officially named Shitala Pandey, but commonly known by his nickname Rajan, was born near Benaras, Uttar Pradesh. He earned a Master of Commerce degree at the Banaras Hindu University in Varanasi, and started a new position as a bank officer at the Central Bank of India. However, a few days after joining, he left the job because, according to him, he ``knew the bank was not my world''. In order to pursue a career as a lyricist, he moved to Mumbai in 1980.
Born and raised in Portage la Prairie, Manitoba, Canada, Gordon Fitzell earned a dual-emphasis PhD in Music Theory and Composition from the University of British Columbia (studies with Keith Hamel and John Roeder); a Master of Music degree from the University of Alberta (studies with Howard Bashaw and Malcolm Forsyth); and a Bachelor of Music degree from Brandon University (studies with Kenneth Nichols). As a student, he attended the Darmstadt Internationale Ferienkurse für Neue Music, the Yale Summer School, June in Buffalo, the Arraymusic Young Composers Workshop, and the Banff Centre. He has attended masterclasses and short-term instruction with Beat Furrer, Salvatore Sciarrino, Jukka Tiensuu, Aaron Jay Kernis, Roger Reynolds, Martin Bresnick, Joan Tower, Linda Bouchard, and Robert J. Rosen.
Deil S. Wright (18 June 1930 - 30 June 2009) was Alumni Distinguished Professor Emeritus of Political Science at the University of North Carolina. He was educated at the University of Michigan; B.A. (Political Science), June, 1952; M.P.A. (Master of Public Administration), February, 1954; Ph.D. (Political Science), February, 1957. Dissertation: ``The Prestige of the Public Service in a Metropolitan Community'' He joined the University of North Carolina faculty as Professor, Department of Political Science, 1967--1983; Alumni Distinguished Professor, 1983--2002; Alumni Distinguished Professor Emeritus, 2002--2009.
Akhil Gogoi was born on 01-03-1976 in Vill-Lukhurakhon, Selenghat, Dist- Jorhat, Assam. He attended Cotton College, Guwahati in English literature in 1993-1996. He was the general secretary of the college students union for two consecutive years. Soon he joined the United Revolutionary Movement Council of Assam(URMCA), a mass organisation of CPI-ML-PCC under the leadership of naxalite leader Santosh Rana. However, by the end of 1990s he broke with Rana and devoted himself as an editor of Notun padatik, an independent Marxist journal published in Assamese, along with Dr Hiren Gohain. Gogoi lives in Golaghat district of Assam along with his wife.
Born at Limerick, Ireland, O'Mara was the second youngest of thirteen children, born to James O'Mara, the owner of a bacon factory. His mother died when O'Mara was a teenager. He was educated at a Jesuit school, the Crescent College. As a boy, he sang as a chorister in Limerick Cathedral. At eighteen he sailed for a year aboard an ocean liner traveling between Dundee and Calcutta before returning to his father's business, ``totally cured'' of the desire to live a life at sea. He also sang in the choir of St. Michael's Church in Limerick. O'Mara's family was prominent in Limerick, producing a number of mayors of the city, including his nephew Stephen O'Mara (1886--1959), who was mayor from 1921-1923.
Born in Holum, Vest-Agder, Arne Laudal was the son of Bent Løvdal and his wife Ragnhild. He finished his secondary education at Kristiansand Cathedral School in 1916, and attended the Norwegian Military Academy (), graduating in 1918. He married teacher Helga Stray in 1925. In 1930 he received the rank of captain, and headed a school for non-commissioned officers for nine years. He was appointed chief of staff with colonel Otto Ruge in 1939. He was given the rank of Major in January 1940.
John Hinchliffe was the son of Joseph Hinchliffe of London. He was educated at Westminster School and Trinity College, Cambridge, where he graduated BA in 1754. He became a fellow in 1755 and was ordained priest by 1757. An assistant master at Westminster School from 1757 to 1764, he acted as headmaster for three months in 1764 before becoming tutor to William Cavendish, 5th Duke of Devonshire from 1764 to 1766. Vicar of Greenwich from 1766 to 1769, Hinchliffe was made a Chaplain to George III in 1768, and appointed Master of Trinity College in the same year. In 1769 he was made Bishop of Peterborough. As bishop he played an active role in the House of Lords over the war with America. In 1788 he resigned the Mastership of Trinity. From 1789 until his death Hinchliffe was Dean of Durham. He is buried in Peterborough Cathedral.
Roscoe L. Egger, Jr. was born in Jackson, Michigan on September 19, 1920. He attended Indiana University for his undergraduate work before serving in the Army. His actions in Europe during World War II earned him a Bronze Star and a Purple Heart.
Hazel Genn is the daughter of Lionel and Dorothy Genn. She was educated at Minchenden Grammar School and studied for a joint degree in Sociology, Social Anthropology and Social Administration at the University of Hull. In 1972, she abandoned work towards an M.A. in Sociology and became a researcher, first at Cambridge Institute of Criminology (1972-74), then at the Oxford University Centre for Socio-Legal Studies (1974-1985) as a member of Wolfson College, Oxford, during which she also achieved her LLB.
Bengt Lidforss was born in Lund, Sweden. He studied botany and biology at Lund University and received his B.A. only 19 years old. Later he received a Ph.D. from Lund University. He became Professor of Botany in 1909 at Uppsala University and in 1910 at Lund University. He was one of the first Swedish scientists to write popular science. Lidforss developed a strong stance against religion and the Church of Sweden. He also exhibited antisemitic streaks sometimes.
Herman R. Staudt was born in Yonkers, New York on June 29, 1926. At age 19, he enrolled in the United States Army in 1945, in the midst of World War II. He served in the Army until 1947, leaving with the rank of Staff Sergeant. He was educated at New York University, receiving his B.S. in Electrical Engineering in 1947, and then at Rutgers University, receiving an M.S. in Electrical Engineering in 1949.
Christopher Bassford (born 1953) is an American military historian. Bassford graduated from the College of William and Mary with a degree in history and honors for his dissertation on tactical nuclear weapons and completed his MA in American diplomatic history at Ohio University. Subsequent to receiving his MA, he served five years on active duty as a U.S. Army field artillery officer, with tours in Korea and Germany. He completed a Ph.D. in modern European history at Purdue University and became director of studies in the theory and nature of war at the U.S. Marine Corps (USMC) Command and Staff College, then associate professor of National Policy Issues at the U.S. Army War College. He is presently Professor of Strategy at the National War College, in Washington, D.C.
Flora Rheta Schreiber (April 24, 1918 -- November 3, 1988), an American journalist, was the author of the 1973 bestseller Sybil, the story of a woman (identified years later as Shirley Ardell Mason) who suffered from dissociative identity disorder. Ms. Schreiber was an English instructor at the John Jay College of Criminal Justice. Her earlier book was Your Child's Speech. Her last book The Shoemaker was the true story of a mass murderer who suffered from schizophrenia.
The 150-seat Sam Levenson Recital Hall at Brooklyn College was named after him in 1988 in gratitude for his donations over the years to the Performing Arts Center. A glazed porcelain bust of him graces the hall's rear wall. The library of Franklin K. Lane High School, from which he graduated in 1930, is named for him and a large portrait painting of him hangs on the north wall of the library. During Lane High School's rededication ceremony in the fall of 1976, Levenson was an honored guest and gave a humorous speech about his days as a student.
Cornelis de Jode was a cartographer, engraver and publisher from Antwerp. He was the son of Gerard de Jode, also a cartographer. Cornelis studied science at Academy of Douai
Francis was the son of Francis Winnington of Broadway, the second son of Sir Francis Winnington. He matriculated at Trinity College, Oxford on 29 March 1721, at the age of 17, and was called to the bar at the Middle Temple on 9 February 1728. From 1733 to 1747, he was Solicitor to the Admiralty, before resigning the post to enter Parliament.
Willem Surenhuis (Surenhuys, Surenhusius) (c.1664, Rottum-1729) was a Dutch Christian scholar of Hebrew, known for his Latin translation of the Mishnah, the first of the complete work. It was published from 1698 to 1703. The son of a German-born minister, he studied at the University of Groningen, and later taught in Amsterdam..
John had studied at the University of Oxford and the University of Paris before beginning his ecclesiastical career at St. Andrews, entering the service of Bishop Richard. The latter made him Archdeacon of the see. His nickname would usually be taken to indicate that he was either a Gaelic-speaker or from Scotland-north-of-the-Forth (Scotia), but according to John of Fordun, he was from the villa of Podoth in Cheshire. He certainly had Scottish connections in his family. For instance, he was the nephew of both Robert of Scone, a previous bishop of Cell Rígmonaid, and Matthew, Bishop of Aberdeen.
Edward Miner Gallaudet (February 5, 1837-- September 26, 1917), son of Thomas Hopkins Gallaudet and Sophia Fowler Gallaudet, was a famous early educator of the deaf in Washington, DC. As a youth, he enjoyed working with tools and also built an ``electrical machine.'' He kept birds, fowl and rabbits, spending most of his time in the city, but also occasionally venturing into the country. He had a fond memory of climbing a hill with his father, and another fond memory of his father introducing the subject of geometry to him. His father died when he was 14, just after he graduated from Hartford High School. He then went to work at a bank for three years. He didn't like the ``narrowing effect'' of the mental monotony of the work, and he quit to go to work as a teacher at the school his father founded. He worked there two years, from 1855 to 1857. While he was teaching, he continued his education at Trinity College in Hartford, completing his studies for a bachelor of science degree two years later.
Ortman was born in Oakland, California. His father was an electrician who learned his trade from his father, George Earl Ortman, who worked with Thomas Edison in Chicago in the late nineteenth century. His mother, born Anna Katherine Noll, was born in Frankfurt Au Main, Germany. She came to the United States in 1914 to work as governess for the mayor of San Rafael, California. After completing high school, Ortman enlisted in the United States Naval Air Corps V-5 program. Upon his discharge in 1946, he studied at the California College of Arts and Crafts (now the California College of the Arts) (1947--1948). After several years, he moved to New York City where he studied at the Atelier 17, a printmaking school founded by the English painter and printmaker Stanley William Hayter (1949). Later that year, he left for Paris where he studied at the Atelier André Lhote (1949--50). Upon his return to New York CIty he studied at the Hans Hofmann School of Fine Arts (1950--51).
Michelle Bonnard born in Bournville, Birmingham is an English actress. She attended the Central Junior Television Workshop before studying at LAMDA.
Gil Garcetti received a bachelor's degree in Management from the University of Southern California and a Juris Doctor from the University of California, Los Angeles.
Luke Carroll attended Marcellin College Randwick, graduating in 1996.
Richard Yeabsley (born 2 November 1973), an alumnus of Haberdashers' Aske's Boys' School, is a former first-class cricketer.
Carrie Vaughn was a 1998 graduate of the intensive 6-week Odyssey Writing Workshop, one of the top speculative fiction writing workshops in the USA. In 2009, she returned to the workshop as the special writer-in-residence.
George Lindemann was born in 1936 in New York City. He received a Bachelor of Science in Economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
Zoidze has played for clubs in Georgia, Israel and Lithuania. He often compete with Davit Gvaramadze during his career at Dinamo Tbilisi and Torpedo Kutaisi.
Usman Mobin received his early education at Aitchison College, Lahore, Pakistan. Later he had completed a Bachelor's in Computer Science and Engineering as well as a Master's degree in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Massachusetts, United States of America.
Johan Thevelein obtained a PhD from the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven in 1981. He did a Postdoc at Yale University in Connecticut USA from 1982 until 1983, and he is Scientific Director of the VIB Department of Molecular Microbiology since 2002.
Tupac A. Hunter was born and raised in Detroit. He graduated from the University of Detroit Jesuit High School and Academy in 1991. In 1995, he earned a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Urban Studies and Public Policy from Morehouse College in Atlanta, Georgia. He also holds a Master of Public Administration Degree from Oakland University.
Brian Chapple (born 1945, London) is a British composer, who has won accolades such as the BBC Monarchy 1000 price and has been featured on the BBC Proms. He was educated at Highgate School and studied at the Royal Academy of Music with Lennox Berkeley.
After studying political science and English studies, Manfred G. Schmidt received his PhD in political science from the University of Tübingen, directed by Gerhard Lehmbruch. He received his postdoctoral degree (Habilitation) from the University of Konstanz in 1981.
Blake Elliott (born February 19, 1981) was the winner of the 2003 Gagliardi Trophy for academic and football excellence covering all of NCAA Division III. He graduated from Melrose High School in Melrose, Minnesota and Saint John's University (Collegeville, Minnesota). He owns several school, conference, and national records in NCAA football. In his senior year, he led Saint John's to the NCAA Division III National Football Championship over previously unbeaten Mount Union College. At Saint John's, Blake played for legendary head coach John Gagliardi. After college, Elliott spent time with the Minnesota Vikings.
Else Marie Jakobsen (born 28 February 1927 in Kristiansand, Norway) is a Norwegian designer and textile artist, living in Kristiansand. She graduated from Norwegian National Academy of Craft and Art Industry (SHKS), Oslo in 1951 and studied at a gobelinworkshop in the Netherlands - ``De Knipscheer'' (1950). She was a period from 1951 designer in the textile industries in Kristiansand. At the same time she began to make tapestries. Her debut exhibition was held at Kunstnerforbundet (the Artists' Association) in Oslo in 1966. She is still active as an artist. In addition, she has been and is active as a speaker across Norway and in other countries too.
During her early years, Nellie Quander attended Washington, D.C.'s public schools. She graduated from Miner Normal School with honors. It was established in 1851 as the Normal School for Colored Girls to train teachers.
Myles Dillon graduated from University College Dublin, than travelled to Germany and France, where he studied in deep Old Irish and Celtic philology under Joseph Vendryes and Rudolf Thurneysen. Dillon taught Sanskrit and comparative philology in Trinity College, Dublin (1928--1930) and University College, Dublin (1930--1937). In 1937 moved to USA, where he taught Irish in the University of Madison (his son John M. Dillon was born in Madison), in 1946-1947 taught in Chicago. On his return to Ireland worked in the School of Celtic Studies in Dublin Institute for Advanced Studies; was the director of the School from 1960 till 1968, edited Celtica. Volume 11 of Celtica is dedicated to his memory.
The fictional St. Donovan's High School was inspired by the Catholic high schools of writers Tim Calpin and Kevin Jakubowski. Calpin attended Scranton Preparatory School in Scranton Pennsylvania while Jakubowski attended Fenwick High School in Oak Park, Illinois. The look of the school and style of dress were drawn from these high schools. The school mascot (Friar) and the school emblem (cross of the Dominican Order) was derived from Fenwick. The movie was shot on location at Bayonne High School in Bayonne, New Jersey.
Dean G. Popps was born in Denver. He is a Greek American. He was educated at Marquette University, graduating in 1970 with a B.A. in Political Science and Philosophy. While in college, he was a member of the Army Reserve Officers' Training Corps. As a younger man, he worked for the United States House of Representatives, the United States Senate, and the District of Columbia criminal court system. From 1975 to 1979, he attended the Potomac School of Law, receiving a J.D. in 1979.
Kaare Sandegren (born 18 March 1929) is a Norwegian trade unionist, diplomat and member of the Labour Party. He has a master's degree from the University of Oregon and Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy in 1953. He completed additional studies in Norway in 1956 and started as a diplomat at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. He worked at the Norwegian delegation to NATO in 1959 before becoming chargés d'affairs in Bangkok in 1963 and 1964. He was an executive in the ministry from 1969. He became secretary of international affairs at the Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions in 1974. He sat as a deputy member of the Norwegian Nobel Committee, but met regularly in 1990, 1993 and 1996.
Alicia Dara is a Vancouver-born singer-songwriter living in Seattle, Washington. She studied at the American Musical and Dramatic Academy in New York.
Paul Tobin attended Lawrenceville School and graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1963. Rear Admiral Tobin is married to Lynne Carter Tobin from Shaker Heights, Ohio, and they have two daughters.
Vilhelm Lauritzen was born on 9 September 1894 in Slagelse, Denmark. He studied at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts in Copenhagen, graduating in 1921. The following year he founded his own firm, Vilhelm Lauritzen Arkiteckter, in 1928 and remained active in the firm until 1969. He received the Academy's Gold Medal in 1926 and up through the 1920s he created a number of monumental designs in a classist style which were never realized.
Sarah Lindley is an American ceramic sculptor, living and working in Michigan. She received her Bachelor of Fine Arts from New York State College of Ceramics at Alfred University in 1996 and her MFA in Ceramics from the University of Washington in 2001. She is currently an Assistant Professor of Art and manages the 3-D program at Kalamazoo College in Kalamazoo, Michigan.
Cam Archer (born 1982) is an American independent filmmaker and photographer residing in Santa Cruz, California. His feature debut, Wild Tigers I Have Known, premiered at the 2006 Sundance Film Festival. The film was executive produced by filmmaker Gus Van Sant and producer Scott Rudin. The film follows a 13-year old boy coming to terms with being homosexual, and was photographed by frequent Archer collaborator Aaron Platt, whose work earned a Best Cinematography nomination at the 2007 Independent Spirit Awards. Archer graduated from the University of California, Santa Cruz.
An unofficial music video was directed by New York University film student Spike Lee and starred actor Laurence Fishburne.
Claude M. Bolton, Jr. was born in 1945 in Sioux City, Iowa. He was educated at the University of Nebraska-- Lincoln, receiving a bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering in 1969. While in college, he served in the Reserve Officers' Training Corps, and after college, he was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in the United States Air Force in June 1969. After spending a year in undergraduate pilot training at Williams Air Force Base, he served as a fighter pilot posted at McConnell Air Force Base for the second half of 1970, at Davis-- Monthan Air Force Base in early 1971, and at Ubon Royal Thai Air Force Base 1971-72. In total, during the course of the Vietnam War, Bolton logged over 2,700 hours in over 30 different aircraft; this involved 232 combat missions, 40 of which were over North Vietnam. He then spent 1972-74 as an instructor pilot over Cannon Air Force Base, ultimately logging enough hours to become a command pilot. In 1974, he attended the five-week-long Squadron Officer School at Maxwell Air Force Base. From 1974 to 1976, he was an instructor pilot at RAF Upper Heyford.
Laurence Spitters, who retired from Memorex in 1974, received an honorary degree from Santa Clara University and a Distinguished Alumni Award from Western Michigan University. He served on the Santa Clara University Board of Trustees, and on the Board of Directors of ALZA Corp., The Children's Health Council, and The Embarcadero Publishing Company, publisher of the Palo Alto Weekly.
Art Baker (born November 30, 1929) is a former head coach of the Furman (1973--1977), The Citadel (1978--1982) and East Carolina (1985--1988) college football programs. Baker is a 1953 Presbyterian College graduate and also was a former assistant football coach there. Baker played football for the Blue Hose from 1950 to 1952, starting at halfback his last two years. He was a member of Mu chapter of Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity. Baker is a recipient of Presbyterian's Bob Waters Award. He was an assistant coach for Frank Howard at Clemson from 1965 to 1969. From 1970 to 1972, Baker was an assistant coach at Texas Tech. Baker succeeded Bob King at Furman for the 1973 season. As head coach at Furman Baker hired Dick Sheridan, Jimmy Satterfield and Bobby Johnson as assistants and all later became head coaches at Furman. Baker was an assistant coach in 1984 for Bobby Bowden at Florida State. He was Associate Athletics Director for Development and Gamecock Club Director at the University of South Carolina for 6 and a half years, retiring on June 30, 1995.
The proposed amendment was ratified by Wyoming in 1978 as a protest to a Congressional pay raise, but the proposed amendment was largely forgotten before University of Texas at Austin undergraduate student Gregory Watson wrote a paper on the subject in 1982. He started a new push for ratification with a letter-writing campaign to state legislatures.
Elizabeth Enright married Robert Gillham on April 24, 1930, and they had three sons: Nicholas, Robert and Oliver. She taught creative writing at Barnard College from 1960 to 1962. Enright died at her home in Wainscott, Long Island in 1968. She is buried near Spring Green in the Wyoming Valley region of Wisconsin.
Born in southern Illinois into a family of barbers, he began styling at the early age of 15. Fred graduated from the high school in London Mills, Illinois, married, had a daughter, and served in the U.S. Navy. He went on to study art at Bradley University and sculpted commercially before moving to Chicago in 50``s.
Bill Rogers (Born 30 September 1985) in Kakata, Liberia is a Liberian runner. He is a graduate of El Paso Community College in El Paso, Texas and of Huston-Tillotson University in Austin, Texas with a Bachelor of Science in Kinesiology
Isabell Masters was born Isabell Arch in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, on January 9, 1913. Her father, a businessman, was of African American and German descent. Masters graduated from Douglas High School in Oklahoma City and received a bachelor's degree in education from Langston University. She later earned a doctorate from the University of Oklahoma. An educator by profession, Masters taught in California, New York, Nevada and Kansas during her career. She specifically worked in schools in the American cities of Pasadena, Los Angeles, Las Vegas, Kansas City and Syracuse, New York.
He was born in Newburgh, New York. His parents died when he was young, and he was raised by his uncle, Charles H. Ruggles, who was Chief Justice of the New York Court of Appeals. He graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1855 and was appointed to the 2nd Infantry, in which he served until the outbreak of the American Civil War.
Douglas Harper is a historian, author, journalist and lecturer based in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, United States. He earned a degree in history and English from Dickinson College in Carlisle, Pennsylvania. He is the author of several historical books, primarily on Civil War-era Chester County, Pennsylvania. He has been featured in a BBC production on the Welsh settlements in America, and has been interviewed for historical articles in the Philadelphia Inquirer, Washington Post, and many magazines. He is the founder of the Online Etymology Dictionary.
Jennifer Hornsby earned her Ph.D. from the University of Cambridge under the direction of Bernard Williams. She also earned a B.A. and M.Phil. from Oxford and London, respectively. She taught at the University of Oxford for 17 years before moving to Birkbeck College, London. She was president of the Aristotelian Society from 1996 to 1997. She is a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.
Born in London, where he survived the Blitz, Alan Blaikley was educated at University College School (UCS), Hampstead, and Wadham College, Oxford, where he read Classical Moderations (Latin and Greek) and English, and was Reviews Editor of the university newspaper Cherwell.
Douglas Henderson was born in Newton, Massachusetts on October 15, 1914. He was one of seven children and grew up in the nearby town of Weston, Massachusetts in a home built by his father, a professional carpenter. Henderson's family was hit hard by the Great Depression and following his graduation at age 16 from Weston High School in 1931 he worked several odd-jobs to support his family before he was able to obtain a scholarship to attend Boston University where he studied economics, graduating Phi Beta Kappa in 1940. The following year he went on to receive a master's degree in law and diplomacy from the Fletcher School at Tufts College in Medford, Massachusetts and participated in the Ph.D program there while also employed as an instructor of history. Following America's entry into World War II he left the university to pursue a diplomatic career, joining the United States Foreign Service in 1942. That same year he married Dorothy Frances, a dietician from Winthrop, Massachusetts.
Sister Anne Carr (1934 -- 11 February 2008) was a feminist theologian at the University of Chicago Divinity School, where she was the first female permanent member of the faculty.
Raju Narisetti (born June 26, 1966) has been a journalist/editor/news executive for 22 years, 13 of which he spent at the Wall Street Journal in the U.S. and Europe. Narisetti graduated with an MA in Journalism from Indiana University in 1991.
Upon returning to Indonesia, Koentjaraningrat introduced Clyde Kluckhohn's scheme for variations in value orientation. He also enrolled at the University of Indonesia and started his doctoral studies under the supervision of Elizabeth Allard. In 1957, Koentjaraningrat established Indonesia's first anthropology department at the University of Indonesia. The following year, he graduated. His dissertation was titled Beberapa Metode Anthropologi dalam Penjelidikan2 Masjarakat dan Kebudajaan di Indonesia (EYD: Beberapa Metode Anthropologi dalam Penyelidikan-penyelidikan Masyarakat dan Kebudayaan di Indonesia, ().
Zhang Jigang was born in the ancient Chinese city of Yuci located in the Shanxi Province. As a young child, he was influenced by Zhong Ziwu (Cultural Revolution Dance). He began formal dance training at the age of 12 in Taiyuan at the Song and Dance Ensemble of Shanxi Province. By the age of 17, he was working as an established choreographer for the Chinese government. In the 1980s he received the highest national dance award called Quan Guo Wu Dao Da Sai (). Zhang Jigang became the first resident of Shanxi Province to receive such an award, propelling his career to national stardom putting Shanxi Province in the entertainment spotlight for the first time. Shortly after, in 1988 he enrolled at the Beijing Dance Academy where he graduated with a degree in choreography. He would later return to university and finish with a Masters in Political Science.
Mwesa Isaiah Mapoma is one of Zambia's best-known living ethnomusicologists. He received his ethnomusicological training from University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA). His dissertation research focused on the royal musicians of the Bemba people in Zambia's Luapula province. His field recordings are housed in the UCLA ethnomusicology archive.
Samir Mallal was born in Halifax, Nova Scotia. He is best known for directing three documentaries: Discordia, Bombay Calling and Nollywood Babylon His first film Discordia (2004) co-directed with fellow Concordia University graduate Ben Addelman follows three students during the aftermath of the Netenyahu Incident at Concordia University in Montreal in 2002.
Thomas E. Ross, Ph.D. b. 1942 is a retired professor at the University of North Carolina at Pembroke. Educated at Marshall University (BA in 1968 and MS in 1969) he gained his Ph.D. from University of Tennessee at Knoxville in 1977. He is an internationally recognized authority on Carolina bays, having written the definitive bibliography of bays (Carolina Bays: An Annotated Bibliography. Carolinas Press. ISBN 1-891026-09-7) In addition to his widely praised research on the bays, Ross has written books on American Indians, including American Indians: A Cultural Geography and American Indians in North Carolina: Geographic Interpretations. He is a native of West Virginia.
Richard Munson, known as Dick Munson, is an American businessman, author, and activist in the field of clean energy and industrial energy efficiency. He is a graduate of the University of California, Santa Barbara, and the University of Michigan.
Anson Carter (born June 6, 1974) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey right winger of Barbadian descent who last played for HC Lugano in the Swiss Nationalliga A. In the past, he has played for eight different National Hockey League teams, most notably with the Boston Bruins, Edmonton Oilers and Vancouver Canucks. He is also the founder of Big Up Entertainment, a record label specializing in hip hop music. He attended Agincourt Collegiate Institute
Scott Glasgow is a Hollywood-based musical composer. He earned his Bachelor of Music from California State University, Northridge and his Master of Music from the San Francisco Conservatory of Music in 2001 where he was a student of Conrad Susa. Scott studied with John Corigliano at the Aspen Music Festival 2002 and was in the ASACP Film Scoring program in 2004. Currently, teaching film scoring part-time at California State University, Northridge from years 2010-11.
Garba Mohammed was born on 13 April 1949 in Zaria, Kaduna State. He studied at the Nigerian Defence Academy, Kaduna, at Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria and at the Engineers' School, Fort Belvoir, USA. He qualified as a quantity surveyor. Lt. Col. G.A. Mohammed was Military Administrator of Niger State in Nigeria from 1986 to December 1987 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida.
John Tavares (born September 4, 1968 in Toronto, Ontario) is a professional box lacrosse player in the National Lacrosse League and mathematics teacher at Philip Pocock Catholic Secondary School in Mississauga Ontario, Canada. He attended D'Youville College in Buffalo, NY.
He was born in Tallinn and studied with Veljo Tormis in his teens, and from 1968, with Heino Eller at the Estonian Academy of Music and Theatre (then Tallinn State Conservatory). After Heino Eller's death in 1970, he studied with Heino Jürisalu, graduating in 1973. He then did postgraduate study at the Moscow Conservatory (1979--1982) with the Russian composer Roman Ledenev. Sumera first came to notice in 1972 with In Memoriam, an orchestral tribute to Eller. He went on to compose five symphonies and numerous chamber and vocal works which have been played by orchestras throughout North America and Europe as well as in Australia and Cuba.
Barry Lee Myers is a native of Philadelphia, PA. A graduate of Philadelphia's Central High School, he received his B.S. in business administration and economics from the Pennsylvania State University and his J.D. from Boston University School of Law. Myers served for 18 years on the Graduate School faculty at Penn State in Penn State's nationally recognized Smeal College of Business.
Sonja Merljak Zdovc was born in Koper, Slovenia. After finishing the gymnasium in Koper, she enrolled to the University of Ljubljana, where she studied English language and journalism. After graduation, she began to work as a journalist for the national daily newspaper Delo. In 2001/2002, she spent a year in the USA as a Fulbright scholar. She became acquainted with literary journalism, while studying at the University of Missouri's Missouri School of Journalism in Columbia, Missouri. Among her professors was also the Pulitzer Prize winner Jacqui Banaszynski. In 2004, she successfully defended her PhD thesis on Tom Wolfe's New Journalism in Slovenia and USA at the University of Ljubljana. Soon she began teaching journalism courses at different universities in Slovenia. In the 1990s, she became an active member of media watch movement that strives to improve the quality of journalism in Slovenia.
Herbert attended Ampleforth College from 1934-1940, as well as Balliol College, Oxford from 1940-42. When World War II broke out he made repeated attempts to serve, being rejected by the British Army, the Free French and the Dutch forces in Britain. He was finally accepted by the Polish forces in Britain. Herbert became an expert in Polish and Ukrainian affairs, and served with the Polish Army during World War Two. He fought throughout the Normandy Campaign. While on a personal mission from Winston Churchill in Belgium, Herbert was arrested in 1944 by Canadian military police in a Ghent bar, on suspicion of being a spy. His eccentric appearance, language proficiency and manner aroused suspicion. He was badly beaten and suffered facial scars thereafter. Herbert spoke six languages fluently. He was unsuccessful in his attempts to enter Parliament. Auberon Herbert supported various Eastern European anticommunist groups after the war. This included work to help resettle Polish refugees. He generously opened his country home to anticommunist East European groups and financed a textile mill to employ Polish exiles. His assistance extended to Ukrainian and Belarusian groups.
Curzon the second son of Sir Nathaniel Curzon, 4th Baronet, and Mary, daughter of Sir Ralph Assheton, 2nd Baronet. Nathaniel Curzon, 1st Baron Scarsdale, was his elder brother (see Viscount Scarsdale for earlier history of the family). He was educated at Brasenose College, Oxford.
Jeff Lewis is an American actor and screenwriter, best known as Herman ``Vork'' Holden on the webseries The Guild. He is an alumnus of ACME Comedy Theatre and a graduate of The Groundlings and The Second City He also portrays ``Handsome Man'' on the comedy web series ``Home At Last'' starring William Russ.
Pyun began making movies using his father's 8mm camera when he was ten years old in Honolulu, Hawaii. His first efforts revolved around ``spy movies'' escalating to 16mm action and surf films. With his fellow Kailua High School student, producer Tom Karnowski, the pair would end up making dozens of shorts together. While still in high school Pyun begin working as a free intern at production companies around Honolulu like Sensorium (Denny Kull) and Tip Davis Films based in Manoa, Hawaii. After graduating, Pyun was invited to intern in Japan by the Japanese actor, Toshiro Mifune, who had seen one of Pyun's short films at a film festival. Pyun worked in Japan as an assistant camera person under cinematographer and manga artist Takao Saito (Ran, Kagemusha, Sanjuro), and then returned in 1973 to work at the largest commercial production house in Hawaii, Hawaii Production Center, as an assistant editor. While at HPC (the production arm of KGMB TV, the CBS affiliate in Honolulu at the time), Pyun also became the company's negative cutter, editor, sound editor and worked on shoots as a grip, electrician and boom operator. He learned editing under the tuleage of Thomas Moore, an award winning commercial film editor.
David Gunn (1946 -- March 10, 1993) was an American physician. He received his bachelors degree from Vanderbilt University and earned his M.D. at the University of Kentucky. Gunn moved to Brewton, Alabama, after his residency, choosing to provide OB/GYN and abortion services in rural America.
Yem Sambaur was once a commissioner of the police and a member of the Cambodian Democratic Party, from which he defected along with 11 other deputies in November, 1948. He then formed a coalition government with Liberal party deputies, who were supported by the French.
He was most recently seen in the television series Heroes as Ted Sprague and a single episode of House. He also had a long running role on American Dreams, and acted as a Phoenix in one episode of Supernatural. He attended Naperville Central High School in Naperville, Illinois, where he played football and was the two-time Defensive Player of the Year in the DuPage Valley Conference.
Frederick Payne Watts, noted Black psychologist was born in 1904 in Staunton, Va to Charles H. and Harriett Watts. Watts was one of five children, three of whom went on to be a physician, a dentist and of course a psychologist. High educational aspirations were encouraged from an early age. Although money was not always there, the family made the best with what they had. As a child, Watts was influenced by his father who was an avid reader and supported the family through farming or maintenance work influenced Watts to read and his mother, who stayed home to raise her five children. He was educated in the Washington, D.C. public school system. Upon graduating from Dunbar High School in 1922, Watts attended Howard University. Initially, he planned on pursuing a career in ophthalmology. Soon after enrolling, Watts changed his focus to psychology, as he was interested in ``why people misbehave.'' During this time, he studied under Albert Beckham who furthered his interest in the field. Watts graduated in 1926 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in psychology and French, and with a teaching fellowship, which allowed him to complete his master's degree. After teaching for a year at Kittrell College in North Carolina, he returned to Washington, D.C. to accept a faculty position at Howard. Before he returned, Beckham left, leaving Watts and Charles Sumner to form the two-person department until Max Meenes joined them in 1930.
Born in Warsaw, then Russian Empire, the son of Rabbi Hyman Meyer Crestohl (1865--1928), he emigrated with his family to Canada in 1911 living in Quebec City before moving to Montreal in 1919. Crestohl was educated at McGill University and the Université de Montréal. He was called to the Quebec Bar in 1926 and was made a King's Counsel in 1944. During World War II, he served as Crown Counsel for the Wartime Prices and Trade Board in Montreal.
Macbain was born in Balguish Farmhouse, Glenfeshie (Badenoch, Inverness-shire) and grew up in poverty. A native Gaelic speaker, he learned English at the Irish General Assembly school in Badenoch (1863-1870), whose teacher was Alexander Mackenzie. As a teenager, he taught for half a year at the Dunmullie School in Boat of Garten (1870-71), attended Baldow School in Badenoch, was employed by the Ordnance Survey in Scotland and Wales (1871--74) and returned to Baldow School for another term. Having obtained a bursary, Macbain was accepted at Old Aberdeen Grammar School (1874) and subsequently studied at King's College, Aberdeen (1876), where he graduated with an MA in philosophy.
Durham was born to William Alexander Cock DFC, a Navigator and World War II Pathfinder, and his wife Hazel. From her birth until 1949, Judith spent summer holidays at the Durham's weatherboard house on the west side of Durham Place in Rosebud, which has unfortunately been demolished. A myth has circulated that Morningtown Ride was prompted by these holidays and the nearby town of Mornington. However, Judith has cleared this up by stating that the song was written by American songwriter, Malvina Reynolds and the lyrics refer to sweet dreams rather than the Mornington Peninsula. Judith Durham lived in Hobart, Tasmania, where she attended The Fahan School before moving back to Melbourne in 1956. In Melbourne she was educated at Ruyton Girls' School and, following matriculation, enrolled at RMIT.
Alex Roberts (born 21 June 1983, Stockton-on-Tees, County Durham, England) is an English cricketer. Roberts is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm medium pace. He was educated at King's Manor School and Teesside Tertiary College, Middlesbrough.
Kenneth A. Frank (or Kenneth Frank) is an American clinical psychologist and psychoanalyst, and co-founder of the National Institute for the Psychotherapies in New York City, where he is Director of Training. A faculty member of the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons from 1974--2009, he was Clin­i­cal Pro­fes­sor in Psy­chi­a­try from 1996-2009. He received his MA (1964) and PhD (1967) in Clinical Psychology from Columbia University.
The band's beginnings can be traced back to 1998. At the time, Mark Duplass was touring the country in support of his solo debut, Small Hands. This earned him a record deal with Mercury Records. After another solo release, Duplass moved from Austin to New York City to pursue his music career. Shortly after arriving in New York, Duplass was diagnosed with tendinitis in both of his arms, and was told that playing the guitar would further aggravate his injury. Wanting to remain in music, Duplass enrolled in City College of New York to study composition. He turned to playing the organ as it was the only instrument which he was able to play pain-free.
Kathy Sheehy (born April 26, 1970) is an American water polo player, who won the silver medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics and was inducted into the USA Water Pole Hall of Fame in 2010. Kathy attended San Diego State University.
Matthew Morison (born April 9, 1987 in the City of Oshawa) is a Canadian amateur Snowboarder who currently resides in Kamloops, British Columbia. Morison has qualified to compete at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver. Matthew, a native of Burketon, Ontario began snowboarding at the Oshawa Ski Club at a young age. By Age 11, Morison was already beating senior men in races. Matthew competes in Alpine disciplines, Parallel GS and Parallel Slalom. He attended Courtice Secondary School.
The College's Protomartyr was St Ralph Sherwin. He was born in Roddesley, Derbyshire, around 1550 and educated at Eton College and at Exeter College, Oxford, before leaving for Douai and then Rome, where he studied like every subsequent generation of seminarists at the Pontifical Gregorian University. His name stands first in the famous Liber Ruber (a list of students who took the missionary oath in Rome before returning to England), where he is recorded as saying that he was ready, ``today rather than tomorrow, at a sign from his superiors to go into England for the helping of souls''.
Dan Cray (born 1977) is a jazz pianist most associated with Chicago. He graduated from Northwestern University in 1999 and founded the Dan Cray Trio. This trio has had three albums; Who Cares (2001), No One (2003), and Save Us (2005). He has also performed at political galas for Richard M. Daley and George Ryan. He studied under Dick Hyman.
Matthew Boyce (born 13 August 1985 in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire) is an English cricketer. He is currently playing for Leicestershire, primarily as an opening batsman. Like his near contemporary, Stuart Broad, he was educated at Oakham School.
Lillian M. N. Stevens (1844-1914) was an American temperance worker, born at Dover, Maine She was educated at Foxcroft Academy and taught school for a time., She was married to Michael Stevens of Portland, Maine, in 1867. In 1874 she assisted in founding the Maine Woman's Christian Temperance Union, of which she was treasurer in 1874-77 and thenceforth president until her death. She was vice president of the National W.C.T.U. in 1894-98, and after the death of Miss Frances Willard in the latter year was president until her own death. Mrs. Stevens was a lady manager of the Chicago Exposition in 1892-93, and served as Maine representative on the National Conference of Charities and Correction for many years. In 1911 she received the honorary degree of A.M. from Bates College.
Gabriel Goodman, the second son of Edward Goodman, a wealthy merchant in Ruthin, Denbighshire, was born at Nantclwyd House, Ruthin. Very little is known of his early years, but a nineteenth century biography suggests that he was taught at home by one of the priests of the dissolved collegiate church. In any event, Goodman's entrance to the University of Oxford in or about 1543 and his later B.A. from the University of Cambridge tend to imply formal grammatical training.
Stephen Crain is a Professor of Cognitive Science and Deputy Director of the Macquarie Centre for Cognitive Science at Macquarie University. He is a well-known researcher specializing in language acquisition, focusing specifically on syntax and semantics. Crain views language acquisition as based on language-specific faculties, and he conducts his research in the tradition of Chomskian generative grammar. Recently, Crain has proposed that language is based on a universal logical system, and he has begun to explore the neural correlates of language acquisition from a cross-linguistic perspective using magnetoencephalography. Crain received a B.A. in philosophy from the University of California, Los Angeles in 1971 and a Ph.D. in cognitive science with an emphasis in linguistics from the University of California, Irvine in 1980. Crain was employed as a professor of linguistics at the University of Connecticut from 1986--1995 and at the University of Maryland, College Park from 1995-2003 before accepting a position as a professor of cognitive science at Macquarie in 2004, where he has remained since. He has also served as a visiting professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (1991--1992) an adjunct professor at the Kanazawa Institute of Technology (2001--2004), and as an Honorary Professor to the School of English, Media Studies and Art History and the Centre for Research in Language Processing and Linguistics at the University of Queensland (2003--2005).
Cindi Katz (born 1954, New York City), a geographer, is a Professor in Environmental Psychology, Earth and Environmental Sciences, and Women's Studies at the CUNY Graduate Center. Her work concerns social reproduction and the production of space, place and nature; children and the environment; the consequences of global economic restructuring for everyday life; and the intertwined spatialities of homeland and home-based security. She is a member of the Children's Environmental Research Group at the Center for Human Environments, and on the Advisory Boards of the Center for Place, Culture and Politics and the Women's Studies Certificate Program, both of which reside at the CUNY Graduate Center. Katz received her B.A., M.A., and Ph.D. from Clark University.
April is married to a District Attorney named William Pearson Haney III and has a teenage son with him named Sean. She now goes by her married name April Haney. She had attended Pepperdine University School of Law and was admitted to the California Bar in 1995 but declined to pursue a career in the legal field, saying it would have been too stressful for her. When her son was seven years old, she went back to school and received a Master's degree from University of Santa Monica in Counseling Psychology. April now works in a community counseling group in Thousand Oaks, California, where she works primarily with children and adolescents.
Charles Plimpton attended school at Liverpool College. In 1911 he went to the University of Birmingham to study Engineering, but only completed two years and dropped out in 1913. During World War I, Plimpton enlisted as a wireless operator with the Royal Navy and served much of his time on minesweepers.
Brigadier General Douglas Gordon Cunningham (RMC 1929) CBE DSO ED QC was born in Kingston, Ontario (ON). He was the son of Arthur Breden Cunningham and Katherine (Gordon) Cunningham of Kingston. He was educated at Kingston Collegiate, Upper Canada College in Toronto, Ontario. He graduated from the Royal Military College of Canada in Kingston, Ontario in 1929. He studied at Osgoode Law School, University of Toronto, from 1930 to 1933, where he was a member of The Kappa Alpha Society.
Billy attended Clemson University.
Max Falkenstien (born April 9, 1924) is a retired radio sports announcer. In his sixty year career at the University of Kansas (1946-2006), Falkenstien has covered over 1,750 men's basketball games and 650 men's football games -- a span that included every game played in Allen Fieldhouse until his retirement and was one of the longest announcing tenures in sports. By comparison, Vin Scully's 55 years with the Los Angeles Dodgers is the record for longest broadcasting tenure with a single club in all of professional sports.
The son of Walter D'Arcy Hall, he was educated at Eton College and New College, Oxford, where he received his DPhil in 1953. In 1943, he joined the RNVR as an ordinary seaman, serving in landing craft transporting commandos to France.
Khan attended Welham Boys' School, Dehradun, and later Kodaikanal International School, Kodaikanal, with childhood friend Esha Deol and Mallaika Parekh. He studied Business Management at the University of Washington and Film Making at London Film Academy. Zayed Khan married Mallaika Parekh on 20 November 2005. They have a son, Ziddan, who was born on 18 January 2008. , and recently welcomed a second son named Aariz on September 22, 2011.
Patrick Ball (Born June 26, 1965) is a scientist, technologist, computer programmer, and an important figure in the global human rights movement. According to the New York Times Magazine, he is ``one of the most admired figures in the field.'' He leads the Human Rights Program at Benetech, the Silicon Valley nonprofit tech company. He is best known for his work with truth and reconciliation commissions, and for being the lead-off expert witness in testimony at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia against Slobodan Milosevic, the former President of Serbia. He was also an expert witness for the Prosecution at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in Milutinović et al. (IT-05-87). Ball received his B.A. degree from Columbia University, and his Ph.D. from the University of Michigan.
Bennett previously served at Wittenberg University, Northern Kentucky University, and Appalachian State University and as USI's provost and vice president for academic affairs. A professor of political science, Bennett has a publication record which includes joint-authorship, with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett, of Living with Leviathan: Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government (2007). According to Michael Margolis, No other book has ordered and analyzed a comparable set of data regarding attitudes toward the power of the federal government. Linda Bennett received her baccalaureate and master's degrees and her Ph.D. in political science all from the University of Cincinnati. The Bennetts reside in Evansville, Indiana.
Andreas Stadler studied political science at the University of Vienna in Austria, and at the European University Institute in Florence, Italy. After graduation he joined the Federal Ministry for European and International Affairs of Austria as a diplomat. From 1995 to 1999 he served as Deputy Ambassador in Zagreb, Croatia and from 1999 to 2004 he was the director of the Austrian Cultural Forum in Warsaw, Poland. After leaving Warsaw in 2004 he became the advisor for science, arts and culture to the President of the Republic of Austria and held the position until 2007, when he was appointed director of the Austrian Cultural Forum in New York.
Phil McGeoghan (born July 8, 1979 in Springfield, Massachusetts) is a former football player who played four seasons as a wide receiver for the New York Jets, Oakland Raiders, Denver Broncos and New Orleans Saints of the NFL from 2001 to 2004. After injury ended his playing career McGeoghan became a coach, first at his alma mater, the University of Maine, then as Offensive Coordinator at the Naval Academy Prep School.
Shaun George (b.March 20, 1979 in Brooklyn, NY, USA) is a US American professional boxer fighting in the light-heavyweight division. He is best known for sensationally upsetting former heavyweight champ Chris Byrd which all but ended Byrd's career. George is the nephew of former world title challenger and trainer Lennox Blackmoore. He studied paralegal studies at Northern Michigan University.
Rachael Kohn was born in Canada. Originally from Slovakia, her father and mother (from Bohemia) fled the Soviet occupation of Czechoslovakia to settle in Israel in 1949, moving to Canada in 1952. (Her father was a passenger on the ill fated Pentcho which left Bratislava in 1939 and was shiprwrecked in the Aegean Sea in 1940, after which the passengers were rescued by the Italians and eventually taken to the Ferramonti Di Tarsi internment camp in the Consenza Province, Italy.) Kohn was awarded a Diploma in Social Work from Ryerson Polytechnical Institute, then achieved an Hon.B.A. in Sociology and Religion at Concordia University in Montreal, Canada. Rachael then earned an M.A. (Rabbinic Thought and the New Testament) and a Ph.D. (Sociology and History of Religion) in Religious Studies from Canada's McMaster University. For both degrees she also studied Buddhism. She taught religious studies at McMaster University in Canada, at Lancaster University in England, where she was Leverhulme Post-Doctoral Fellow in Religious Studies. She also taught Religious Studies at the University of Waterloo in England, and then at the University of Sydney (1988-1992). Moving to Australia after marrying an Australian man, she then joined the Australian Broadcasting Corporation ABC in 1992.
Paul Dini was born in New York City. He attended the Stevenson School in Pebble Beach, California on an art scholarship. He attended Emerson College in Boston, where he earned a BFA degree in creative writing.
Seiichi Hishikawa, a film maker, art director, and photographer was born in Tokyo in 1969 and began his career in the music industry. He entered CBS/Sony Group in the General Affairs section, General Affairs division, and eventually moved on to the Sony Corporation. PR/Advertising division, overseeing a great number of events at the Ginza Sony Building etc. as an assistant producer. This was also the time that he began producing exhibitions for creators of contemporary art as well as artists.
Yoshiyuki Sakaki was born in Nagoya. He received bachelor's degree in biochemistry from the University of Tokyo, and received Ph.D. in biochemistry from the University of Tokyo in 1971.
Atsuko Tsurumi (鶴見厚子 Tsurumi Atsuko) is an artist born in 1951 in Tokyo, Japan. She graduated from Tama Art University in 1975. Her favorite artist (according to her website) is Naohisa Inoue.
A prominent figure in the Cavendish family, he was a younger son of Lord Edward Cavendish, third son of the 7th Duke of Devonshire. The 8th Duke of Devonshire was his uncle and the 9th Duke of Devonshire his elder brother. His mother was Emma Elizabeth, daughter of the Hon. William Lascelles. He was educated at Eton and Trinity College, Cambridge.
Arthur J. Levenson was Born in Brooklyn, New York. He earned a B.S. in Mathematics from the City College of New York. He did graduate work in mathematics at New York University and Columbia University. He attained the rank of Lieutenant Colonel in the U.S. Army. Mr. Levenson was a graduate of the National War College. Mr. Levenson was buried with full military honors on December 7, 2007, at Arlington National Cemetery.
Abraham Polonsky was born in New York City, the eldest son of Russian-American Jewish immigrants, Henry and Rebecca (née Rosoff) Polonsky, he attended DeWitt Clinton High School. In 1928 he entered City College of New York and following graduation, earned his law degree in 1935 at Columbia Law School. After several years of practice, mixed with teaching, he decided to devote himself to writing. He was life long friends with Roy Pinney.
Patricia Barchas was a pioneer in the field of sociophysiology - the effects of social behavior on the brain. She can be considered as one of the founder of social neuroscience. A native of Chickasha, Oklahoma, Dr. Barchas grew up in Los Angeles. She attended Pomona College, where she earned a bachelor's degree in English and History in 1956. She then went on to earn her master's in education from the University of Chicago. In 1971, she earned her doctorate in sociology at Stanford. She also spent many years studying neurophysiology and endocrinology. While at Pomona, she met her future husband, psychiatrist Jack Barchas who served for many years on Stanford's psychiatry faculty. Early in her career, Dr. Barchas taught emotionally disturbed children. Later, she joined the faculty of Stanford's Department of Sociology. She also served as a senior research associate in the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, where she headed the Program in Sociophysiology of the Division of Child Psychiatry and Development. Most recently, she was a member of the research staff at the University of California-Los Angeles School of Medicine.
Pearson was the son of Henry Shepherd Pearson and Caroline Lyons. He was educated at Eton College and the Royal Military College, Sandhurst. He was commissioned into the Grenadier Guards. During the Crimean War (1854--1855), he served as ADC to General Sir George Brown, and was present at Alma, Inkerman and Sebastopol.
Victoria Redel (born 1959) is an American poet and fiction writer who lives in New York City. She is the author of three books of fiction The Border of Truth, Loverboy and Where the Road Bottoms Out and two books of poetry: Swoon and Already the World. She has taught at Columbia University, Vermont College and is currently on the faculty of Sarah Lawrence College. She has two sons.
Clifton Vaughan Holland was born on 21 June 1914, the eighth of ten children, and was raised on his family's farm on the Mornington Peninsula, south-east of Melbourne. He acquired the informal name John at an early age, and he was always known as John Holland thereafter. He studied civil engineering at the University of Melbourne and then worked for the Commonwealth Oil Refineries for three years. He joined the army when World War II broke out, and served in the Middle East, Greece and the Pacific, becoming a lieutenant-colonel. He returned to civil engineering, setting up his own business in 1949. His first contract was to build a shed on a property in western Victoria owned by a farmer named Malcolm Fraser, who would later go into politics and become the Prime Minister of Australia.
Dameon Porter (born 1975-05-21) is a former wide receiver/defensive back in the Arena Football League. He played for the Iowa Barnstormers (1998--1999), the New Jersey Red Dogs (2000), the Chicago Rush (2001--2003), the Georgia Force (2004), the Austin Wranglers (2004), the Las Vegas Gladiators (2005--2006), the Grand Rapids Rampage (2006). He played college football at Wayne State College in Wayne, Nebraska.
While holidaying with her family in December 1920, Heyer met George Ronald Rougier, who was two years her senior. The two became regular dance partners while Rougier studied at the Royal School of Mines to become a mining engineer. In the spring of 1925, shortly after the publication of her fifth novel, they became engaged. One month later, Heyer's father died of a heart attack. He left no pension, and Heyer assumed financial responsibility for her brothers, aged 19 and 14. Two months after her father's death, on 18 August, Heyer and Rougier married in a simple ceremony.
William F.X. Maughan was born in The Bronx, NY on January 31, 1957 to a New York City police officer, William F. Maughan, and a full-time homemaker, formerly Maureen T. Halligan. He graduated from Albertus Magnus High School in Bardonia, New York.
Sir Paul Ogden Lawrence (1861--1952) was an eminent barrister and judge. He was educated at Malvern College, Worcs. He was appointed a member of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom in 1926. Sir Paul's sisters founded Roedean School.
Optech's founder is Dr Allan Carswell, who in 2006 received the John H. Chapman Award of Excellence by the Canadian Space Agency. Robert D. Richards, Optech Space Division's director, has received a honorary doctorate (Doctor of Space Achievement honoris causa) from the International Space University which he co-founded with Peter Diamandis and Todd Hawley in 1987.
He was born in Pike County, Indiana, and went to high school in Petersburg, Indiana. After two years at Wabash College he transferred to Indiana University and received the M.D. degree in 1902. He was one of the founders of the Indiana University Medical School and practiced in the Indianapolis area until well into his 80's. By 1970 he had performed over 22,000 thyroid operations. He was also a pioneering aeronaut, who won the National Balloon Race in 1909. He was also an amateur astronomer. He built a telescope in his own observatory, which was donated to Indiana University in 1947 and named the Goethe Link Observatory. An asteroid, 1728 Goethe Link, discovered at the observatory in 1964, was named for him.
Tony Hanahoe was born in Clontarf, Dublin in 1945. He was educated locally by the Christian Brothers at Scoil Mhuire in Marino and later at St. Joseph's, affectionately known as ''Joey's``, in Fairview. There was no sporting tradition in Hanahoe's family, however, it was at these schools that his interest at Gaelic games was developed. Hanahoe later attended Trinity College, Dublin where he qualified with a degree in law. He subsequently worked as a solicitor and has worked with victims of the Stardust disaster
Amy Denio attended the Cranbrook Schools in Bloomfield Hills from kindergarten through 12th grade, graduating in 1979. She became a autodidactic musician at age 12, quitting piano and starting guitar. She attended Colorado College, and also Hampshire College, graduating with a B.A. in Music Composition and Improvisation from Hampshire in 1984. She is self-taught on guitar, electric bass, drums, saxophone, clarinet, accordion, and various world instruments. She was sponsored by Jazz India to live in Bombay and study Thumri, Northern Indian vocal technique from Dhanashree Pandit-Rai in 1997.
John Amsterdam (Nikolaj Coster-Waldau) is an NYPD homicide detective who is 400 years old, but has the appearance of a 35-year-old. He was a Dutch soldier in Manhattan in the year 1642 when he stepped in front of a sword to save the life of a Native American girl during a massacre of her tribe. The girl in turn rescued Amsterdam by weaving a spell that conferred immortality upon him. It was also prophesied that he would not age until he finds his one true love, and only then will he become whole and ready for mortality. Flashbacks in different episodes of the show reveal Amsterdam's centuries of life since, using many names, though usually retaining ``John'', marked by loss as his friends, lovers, children (63), and dogs gradually grow old and die. Amsterdam is a recovering alcoholic who regularly attends Alcoholics Anonymous meetings, having remained sober since 1965. In his lifetime he has joined the Army three times, in addition to the Coast Guard, Marines, and Navy. He stated that he never joined the Air Force because he ``doesn't like heights''. He has taught history at a university, served as a physician during the American Civil War, was a furniture maker at the turn of the 20th century, a portrait painter just before the outbreak of World War I, and by 1941 an attorney. At some point he attended Columbia University and served in the CIA. (See below for a detailed timeline.)
Eric Shansby, commonly known as Shansby, is a cartoonist and illustrator for various American periodicals, including the Washington Post. His cartoons appear weekly next to humorist Gene Weingarten's ``Below The Beltway'' column. Shansby is from Silver Spring, Maryland. He studied philosophy at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut. Shansby attended the Communication Arts Program at Montgomery Blair High School. Shansby's cartoons have been featured in the book Best Editorial Cartoons of the Year since 2004. In 2006 Shansby was featured in the Yale Daily News's list of ``Mover and Shakers'' on campus. Shansby has won numerous awards for his editorial cartoons, including an American Society of Newspaper Editors award in 2003 and a Maryland State Teachers Association award for media coverage of public education. In 2003 he swept the Columbia Scholastic Press Association's Gold Circle awards, taking first place in all three cartooning categories. In 2002, Shansby won the national Amazing Kids Comic Contest, resulting in a yearlong apprenticeship with Nancy creator Guy Gilchrist. In 2001 Shansby became the youngest journalist ever to receive a professional award from the Maryland-Delaware-DC Press Association.
Rudolph Weaver was born in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, the son of Henry Weaver and his wife, Sara Jane Barnhart. Before college he worked as a bookbinder, printer and steelworker. He attended Pennsylvania State College for the year 1902-1903 and then went to Drexel Institute where he received a diploma in architecture in 1905, He continued his study of architecture at Columbia University, 1906--1907 and at the of Henry Hornbostel of the Society of Beaux-Arts Architects, 1907. He later received a Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering from Drexel in 1919.
Shellen Lubin (B. April 4, 1953) was born and raised in Valley Stream, NY by parents Samuel and Lora Lubin (née Bondrov), with her older sister Allene. She graduated from Bennington College in 1974 with a triple major in Drama, Music and Dance. During her time at Bennington, she appeared in Miloš Forman's first film in America, 'Taking Off', which featured two songs she wrote (``It's Sunday'', which she performed, and ``Feeling Sort Of Nice'', performed by Karen Klugman). After graduating, she moved to New York City to continue pursuing her career in music and theater.
Mo Foster studied physics and mathematics at the University of Sussex in the mid-1960s. During his student days he played both drums and bass in a wide variety of bands including the US Jazz Trio and The Baskervilles. Once he left university, a short spell as a laboratory research assistant convinced him that a career in music was preferable to a career as a scientist. During mid-1968 Foster, along with friends Lynton Naiff, Mike Jopp, Grant Serpell and Linda Hoyle, formed the progressive jazz/rock group Affinity, which was managed by the late Ronnie Scott. At the time they released one eponymously named album, though in the last few years archived tapes were discovered which enabled a further four Affinity related albums to be released.
Phaedra C. Parks (born October 25, 1971) is an entertainment attorney. She got her start as an attorney for GEICO's in-house law firm, Bridges Ormand & Faenza. After being convinced by Shakir Stewart and DJ Ryan Cameron, Parks transitioned into full-time entertainment law, notably working the high-profile case of Atlantic Records rapper Drama, whom she accompanied on tour for several months after acquiring him a temporary furlough. In 2005, Atlanta magazine featured Phaedra Parks as one of the Georgia Super Lawyers Rising Stars. In the same year, Jezebel magazine recognized Parks as an Attorney of Distinction. In 2007, she was featured as a top young lawyer in Georgia and was on the cover of Atlanta magazine's specialty publication, Super Lawyers. Parks is managing partner for The Parks Group, P.C., a boutique law firm that focuses on contract negotiation, civil litigation, and criminal defense. She has served as a legal analyst for NBC and Fox News, and she has been on infotainment television programs such as Entertainment Tonight, Celebrity Justice, and Extra for her handling of several high-profile clients and cases. She is an equestrian. Parks graduated from Clarke Central High School in 1990, obtained a bachelor of arts degree in Communication from Wesleyan College (in Macon, GA) in 1993 and her law degree from the University of Georgia in 1998.
Derek Bond was born 26 January 1920 in Glasgow, Scotland. He attended Haberdashers' Aske's Boys' School in Hampstead, London. He saw active service with the Grenadier Guards in North Africa during the Second World War, for which he was awarded the Military Cross. He spent the last few months of the war in a Bavarian POW camp.
Joseph Tobin (born 1950) is the Nadine Mathis Basha Professor of Education in the College of Education at Arizona State University. Tobin is an educational anthropologist and an early childhood education specialist. He received his B.A. Degree from Earlham College and his PhD in Human Development at the University of Chicago. His research interests include cross-cultural studies of early childhood education, immigration, children and the media, and qualitative research methods. Among his publications are the books Preschool in Three Cultures: Japan, China, and the United States; Good Guys Don't Wear Hats: Children's Talk about the Media; Remade in Japan; Making a Place for Pleasure in Early Childhood Education; and Pikachu's Global Adventure: The Rise and Fall of Pokémon. The sequel to Preschool in Three Cultures (Preschool in Three Cultures Revisited) is now completed and available through the University of Chicago Press. Tobin is also leading a major international project: Children Crossing Borders: Immigrant Parent and Staff Perspectives on Preschool. Tobin is married and has two sons.
Digby was born in London, the son of John Digby, 1st Earl of Bristol and his wife Beatrix Walcot, daughter of Charles Walcot of Walcot Shropshire. He matriculated at Magdalen College, Oxford on 12 May 1634, aged 16.
Bernstein grew up as part of a middle-class Jewish family in Borough Park, Brooklyn; his family moved to Long Island, New York following World War II. He received an A.B (1951) from the University of Chicago, a B.S. summa cum laude (1953) from Columbia University, and his Ph.D. (1958) from Yale University. He took a faculty position at Yale, but in 1965, the university denied him tenure despite the initial unanimous support of his department, leading to student protests and eventually to reforms of the tenure system at Yale. This event, now called the Bernstein Affair, was ``one of the most contested cases of tenure in the United States.'' Bernstein then moved to a tenured position at Haverford College, where he taught for 23 years and became the T. Wistar Brown Professor of Philosophy before later moving to The New School. At The New School, the Richard J. Bernstein Endowed Prize Fellowship in Philosophy is awarded to distinguished philosophy students in his honor. In 1981, Bernstein became founding co-editor of Praxis International, the revived journal of the Yugoslav Praxis School philosophical movement. In 1988, he served as President of the Metaphysical Society of America. write:
Gillian Iliana Waters (born January 16, 1975) is an African-American actress, also of Blackfoot Native American and Irish descent. She attended Howard University and excelled as an honors student. She majored in Human Communication and Dramatic Arts. Gillian's first break into acting was as the titular character in LL Cool J's video Hey Lover featuring Boys II Men. She then appeared as Dr. Dre's wife and tango partner in his music video Been There, Done That. She's been featured in small parts of many well known films, (Def Jam's How to Be a Player, Jackie Brown, Bamboozled) and television series (Martin, Arli$$, The Wayans Bros, My Wife and Kids, Ghost Whisperer). Gillian starred as the Amazon warrior, Amoria, in the syndicated show , which she's acknowledged as her favorite role to date. She's also volunteered on the popular NBC TV series, Heroes.
She was born in 1925 to Julian ``Drake'' David and Ella David. She graduated from San Jacinto High School. She took post-secondary education at Texas Women's University, Indiana University Bloomington, and the University of Houston. In 1944 she married Emil Mesinger. They had two children, Julianne and Jay. Mesinger had a career in television. In the 1950s she hosted two celebrity oriented shows on a television network operated by the University of Houston. In 1964 the Houston Chronicle hired her to be a columnist. Mesinger was afflicted by multiple sclerosis. On Friday January 19, 2001, at The Methodist Hospital, Mesinger died from complications of multiple sclerosis, at the age 75. On September 9, 2003, the Maxine Mesinger Multiple Sclerosis Clinic at Baylor College of Medicine and The Methodist Hospital opened.
Timmerman attended Washington High School in Cherokee, Iowa, and starred in football, basketball, and track. In football, he won All-Conference honors, and was an All-State Honorable Mention honoree. In track, he finished eighth in the state track meet on the 110 high hurdles as a senior. Adam Timmerman graduated from Washington High School in Cherokee, Iowa, in 1989.
Mu Dan (; 5 April 1918 - 26 February 1977) was one of the most important poets of 20th century China. Born Zha Liangzheng () in Tianjin, China in 1918, he matriculated the prestigious Tsinghua University at the age of 17, and graduated from National Southwestern Associated University in 1940. After having served as an assistant lecturer of English at his alma mater for two years, he joined the Chinese Expedition Force for Burma in an effort to aid the British troops there to fight off the Japanese. After World War II, he went to the University of Chicago, where he eventually earned a master's degree in English literature. He is in the same family with the famous novelist Louis Cha. Most of his poems were written during late 1930s and 1940s. His poetry, which is characterized by impassioned speculation, abstract sensuality, and occasionally, restrained irony, is the foremost example of Chinese new vernacular verse absorbing modern Western techniques. Indeed, Mu Dan was a professed admirer of W. H. Auden, W. B. Yeats and T. S. Eliot. He studied their poetry at Southwest Associated University under William Empson, himself a leading modernist poet. On the other hand, the patriotism and the compassion for the suffering and needy in his poetry fall easily in line with a great tradition in Chinese poetry.
George Cushingberry, Jr. was born on January 6, 1953, to Edna and George Cushingberry. He graduated from Cass Tech High School. He has a Master's Degree in Political Science, Urban Politics, Policy, and Administration. He attended Wayne State University and The University of Detroit Mercy School of Law.
Professor Mustafa Pultar is a Turkish academic who is a scholar of building science. He did graduate studies at Princeton University, then taught at Middle East Technical University (METU), and later at Bilkent University where he still teaches one graduate course each semester. A former director of the Building Research Institute of the Scientific and Technological Research Council of Turkey (TÜBİTAK), he was also the founding director of Bilkent University Preparatory School (BUPS - now Bilkent Laboratory and International School (BLIS)). Prof. Pultar has moreover made a name for himself in recent years with his writings on the sea.
Leone was born in Padua on March 4, 1859. At fifteen, he enrolled in the University of Padua and graduated 4 years later in law with a thesis on autonomous tax municipalities. He had memorized all of the poems of Heinrich Heine and was studying the works of Friedrich Wilhelm Raiffeisen. Leone Wollemborg and a group of about 30 farm workers and small landowners founded Italy's first cooperative bank in Loreggia in 1883. The intent of the bank was to help tenants, small landowners, and agricultural workers to rise from poverty by granting loans at low interest and with long deadlines. In 1885, he established the monthly publication Rural Cooperation, which was published until 1904.
Suzanne Davis (born 1953) is an American jazz pianist. She received her Bachelor of Arts from Wellesley College. She composed the score for the independent film In Between as well as several short animated films and videos. She has performed with Phil Grenadier, Greg Hopkins, Ted Kotick, Joe Hunt, and Grover Washington, Jr. Grover Washington, Jr. She is leader of the Suzanne Davis Trio and Quartet and also performs with the Bart Weisman Group.
Cassavetes was born in New York City, the son of actress Gena Rowlands and Greek-American actor and film director John Cassavetes. As a child, he appeared in two of his father's films: Husbands (1970) and A Woman Under the Influence (1974). After spending so much of his youth surrounded by the film industry, Cassavetes originally decided he did not want to go into the field. He instead attended Syracuse University on a basketball scholarship. His athletic career was effectively ended by an injury, and he decided to rethink his aspirations, ultimately deciding to attend his parents' alma mater, the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York.
When Dr. Park was thirty-one he came to Buffalo, New York in 1883. He came from Chicago where he received his Doctor of Medicine degree from Northwestern University in 1876. He received his B.A. in 1872 and M.A. in 1875 from Racine College in Racine, Wisconsin. Dr. Park received an honorary M.A. from Harvard University in 1895 and an honorary LL.D. from Yale University. Over the years he served on many boards, both national and international. By 1914, the total number of textbooks, articles, and monographs that he wrote reached 167.
Simmons was born in Detroit, Michigan, the son of Patricia (née Kimble), an administrator, and Donald William Simmons, a college professor. He has a brother, David (a singer-songwriter), and a sister, Elizabeth. He attended the University of Montana and was a member of the Seattle Repertory Theatre.
Purley's father was Charles Purley, the founder of LEC Refrigeration. Birth and death records show that his father's name was originally Puxley but he preferred the name Purley. His mother was Welsh, having been born in the small village of Cwmfelinfach. David went to school at Seaford College and then Dartington Hall School in Devon.
Christian Leysen (born 1954 in Wilrijk) is a Belgian businessman. He obtained a Commercial engineer - Masters degree in Law at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel in 1976. There he was president of the fraternity ``$olvay'' in 1974-1975 http://www.solvaykring.be/nl/112/prosenioren.html. Christian Leysen developed several Belgian ventures to large international companies. He is a son of André Leysen, and his brother Thomas Leysen is CEO of Umicore. Christian Leysen is married to Brigitte Guillaume and together they have four children: Caroline, Nathalie, Patrick and Denis.
Edward Maynard was born in Madison, New York, on April 26, 1813. In 1831 he entered the United States Military Academy at West Point but resigned after only a semester due to ill health and became a dentist in 1835.
Robert Fanning was born in Geneva, Switzerland in 1970. He spent part of his childhood in Surrey, England. In 1979, his family returned to the United States, and lived in the Detroit area. Fanning is a graduate of the University of Michigan where he received a BA in English in 1993 and Sarah Lawrence College, where he earned an MFA in Poetry in 1997. Following graduate school he worked as a Technical Writer in Mt. Laurel, New Jersey, before returning to Detroit, where he worked as a journalist for Citysearch, a teacher, and as a writer-in-residence and the Managing Director for InsideOut Literary Arts Project from 2001-2008.
The son of William Turner, he was born at Newcastle on 13 January 1788. He was educated at Glasgow University, where he graduated M.A. in 1806, at Manchester College (then based in York), and at Edinburgh University (1808). From 1809 to 1827 he was tutor at Manchester College in mathematics and philosophy.
Fletcher Gilders is also the father of Professor Roger Gilders, a notable collegiate track and field athlete during the late 1970s. Roger Gilders still holds the varsity record in the pole vault at his alma mater, Ohio University.
He was born on September 11, 1919 in Antioch, California. His brothers were Ernest Gallo and Julio Gallo. He attended Modesto Junior College and then enlisted in the Army Air Corps during World War II.
Jane Johnson was educated at Liskeard Grammar School.
Northside High School is located in the North part of the city of Lafayette, Louisiana; hence ``Northside''. It has a excellent athletic system, and the football team was state runner up in 2005 and 6-4A district champion from 2009 and 2010. Also the Basketball team and Wrestling team won the 4A State Championship in 2006. Cross Country won 3rd in district in 2004 and 1st in District in 2010. The school itself is predominantly African American. The Female track and field team have won 3 back to back 6-4A State Championships from years 2008 to 2010, and the Males have won 2 back to back State Championships years 2009 and 2010.Ron Guidry, former pitcher and current pitching coach for the New York Yankees, is an alumnus of Northside High School. Perry Stevenson, currently a College Basketball player for the Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball team, is an alumnus of Northside High School. He was recruited out of Northside High School by Coach Tubby Smith at Kentucky.
Lionel George Harrison (May 29, 1929--March 17, 2008) was a physical chemist, theoretical biologist, and the author of the 1993 book, Kinetic Theory of Living Pattern, which approaches problems in developmental biology from the standpoint of physical science and mathematics. Born in Liverpool, England, Harrison studied physical chemistry at the University of Liverpool, obtaining a doctorate from that university in 1952. From 1956, he was a member of the faculty at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver, Canada, attaining full professor status in 1967. Harrison became interested in biological development in the early 1970s and focussed his research efforts in that field for the remainder of his life. The Shaping of Life, a second book on models of morphogenesis, was published posthumously in 2010.
James McCreet was born in Sheffield. He studied English and American Literature at the University of East Anglia, where his twin preoccupations were Shakespeare and the novels of Ian Fleming. He also completed a Masters degree at the University of Sussex. Since then, he has lived in Norwich, Maidstone, Brighton, Harrogate and Leeds, as well as a number of years living abroad in Greece, China and Poland. He has worked as a teacher, a bookseller, an editor, a copywriter, a journalist and a holiday rep. He is married and lives in Leeds, West Yorkshire.
Ellen Churchill Semple (January 8, 1863 -- May 8, 1932) was an American geographer. Ellen was born in Louisville, Kentucky, the youngest of five children by Alexander Bonner Semple and Emerine Price. She is most closely associated with work in anthropogeography and environmentalism. In a series of books and papers she communicated certain aspects of the work of German geographer Friedrich Ratzel to the Anglophone community. Standard disciplinary accounts often attribute to Semple a prevailing interest in environmental determinism, a theory that the physical environment, rather than social conditions, determines culture; however her later work emphasized environmental influences as opposed to the environment's deterministic effect on culture, reflecting broader academic discontent with environmental determinism after the First World War. Semple studied at Vassar College and the University of Leipzig. She taught at the University of Chicago and at Clark University. She died at West Palm Beach, Florida. Ellen C. Semple Elementary School in Louisville is named after Semple. She is buried in the Cave Hill National Cemetery in Louisville.
Saalam Bin Musdoos Al Masdoosi Al Muhannad aka Salam Masdoosi was an Islamic scholar, social activist, leader, guide and philanthropist from Mahbubnagar, A.P. India. He studied at Jamia Millia Islamia, New Delhi. He had a very vast study of Islamic literature. He visited all the famous institutes and libraries of the subcontinent in search of knowledge and contacted eminent Ulama (Scholars).
Arcade Fire is an indie rock band based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. It consists of the husband and wife duo of Win Butler and Régine Chassagne, along with Will Butler, Richard Reed Parry, Tim Kingsbury, Jeremy Gara, and Sarah Neufeld. William Butler and Régine Chassagne attended McGill University, where she studied Jazz. Arcade Fire came to prominence with the release of their debut album, Funeral, in 2004 to critical acclaim. The band plays guitar, drums, bass guitar, piano, violin, viola, cello, double bass, xylophone, glockenspiel, keyboard, French horn, accordion, harp, mandolin, and hurdy-gurdy. Most of their instruments are taken on tour, and the multi-instrumentalist band members switch duties throughout shows.
Arnie Fielkow received his Bachelor of Arts from Northwestern University and his Juris Doctor from the University of Wisconsin School of Law in 1981. Fielkow spent most of his career is sports administration. He served as Executive Vice President of the New Orleans Saints for six years during which he presided over all administrative/business departments, including marketing, sales, regional development, governmental affairs, community relations, business media relations and youth programs. Fielkow was fired by Saints owner Tom Benson when he refused to resign and sign a confidentiality agreement presumably because of Fielkow's outspoken concern for the residents of the Gulf Coast. Fielkow had been vocal in opposing the concept of having the Saints play in San Antonio. Fielkow won the gratitude of many in the Greater New Orleans area for his role in keeping the Saints in New Orleans, helping him in his political career.
Schulze was born in Cincinnati, Ohio and educated in Springfield, Il. He graduated from Concordia Theological Seminary in 1924. Then on June 30, 1924, Margaret Goering and Andrew Schulze were married at Trinity Lutheran Church in Springfield, IL.
He married twice (Elizabeth Hubbard and Mary Checkley Cranston) and had eight children. Stiles' son Ezra Stiles, Esq., was educated first at Yale College, then at Harvard College, where he studied law, graduating in 1778. Ezra Stiles Jr. subsequently settled in Vermont, and served to establish the boundaries between Vermont and New Hampshire. He died prematurely at Chowan County, North Carolina on Aug. 22, 1784, and his two daughters by his wife Sylvia (Avery) Stiles of Vermont (and formerly of Norwich, Connecticut) had their uncle Jonathan Leavitt appointed their guardian.
Maude was the son of the actors Cyril Maude and Winifred Emery. He was educated at Eton College and Christ Church, Oxford, and was called to the bar in 1925 at the Middle Temple.
Manton Eastburn (1801 Leeds, England -- 1872) was an Episcopal bishop. After graduation from Columbia University, he studied at the General Theological Seminary of the Episcopal Church in the United States before ordination as deacon and priest by Bishop John Henry Hobart of the Diocese of New York. After serving at Christ Church, New York, New York, he became rector of the Church of the Ascension, New York. On December 29, 1842, he was consecrated as assistant Bishop of Massachusetts; he served as diocesan bishop on the death of Alexander Viets Griswold from 1843 until his death.
Originally known as The Pharmaceutical Bandits, the band began their career by participating in the third wave ska revival of the 1990s. In 1997, they released Those Damn Bandits, which featured guest appearances by Jimmy the Robot of the Aquabats and Chris Colonnier of Jeffries Fan Club and The Forces of Evil. Noting the Bandits' potential, a Los Angeles Times review of the album said ``Now comes a young, talented ska band, the Pharmaceutical Bandits. It would be OK with me if the Grinch spared them but swiped their ska records and left a shelf of Who, Clash, Bob Marley, Elvis Costello and Neil Young.'' Matt Embree attended Los Alamitos High School, which was an incubator for other third wave ska bands such as Reel Big Fish, Save Ferris, and The Scholars.
Joseph Spencer graduated from Yale College in 1811, then studied law, was admitted to the bar, and practiced in Rochester, New York. On September 24, 1814, he married Elizabeth Selden (b. 1797), a sister of Samuel L. Selden and Henry R. Selden. Their only child was Elizabeth Selden Spencer (b. 1819).
Morag Smith is a Canadian television comedian, born in Mississauga, Ontario. She attended Streetsville Secondary School. With her husband Steve Smith, Morag performed as a comedy duo in several television series.
Keilani Ricketts (born September 1, 1991) is an American softball player. She attended Archbishop Mitty High School in San Jose, California and now attends the University of Oklahoma, where she plays pitcher. As a member of the United States women's national softball team she won 2011 World Cup of Softball.
Norman Golb (born in Chicago, Illinois in 1928) is the Ludwig Rosenberger Professor in Jewish History and Civilization at the Oriental Institute of the University of Chicago. He earned his PhD from Johns Hopkins University in 1954. He joined the faculty of the Hebrew Union College, Cincinnati in 1958 before settling at the University of Chicago, where he has worked since 1963. Golb has also been a visiting scholar at the University of Wisconsin (1957-58), Harvard University (1966), and Tel Aviv University (1969-70).
Ehsan Wyne (b.May 3, 1938 -) is a Pakistani lawyer, political activist and secretary general of the Awami National Party. He received his Bachelors degree from Emerson College, Multan, and did LLB from SM Law College, Karachi. An active member of the National Awami Party since 1968, he was arrested numerous times due to his opposition to the Military governments of Ayub Khan and Zia-ul Haq. In 2002-2003 he briefly served as Awami National Party acting President after the party leadership resigned following its shock defeat in the 2002 general elections.
Clancarty was the son of William Trench, 1st Earl of Clancarty and Anne, daughter of Charles Gardiner and his seat was Garbally Court in Ballinasloe, East County Galway where he was associated with the Great October Fair. His brother was Power Le Poer Trench (1770--1839), archbishop of Tuam. He was educated at Kimbolton School and St John's College, Cambridge.
Ryan Kalil (born March 29, 1985) is an American football offensive lineman for the Carolina Panthers of the National Football League. Drafted by Carolina in the second round of the 2007 NFL Draft, Kalil played college football at the University of Southern California. He is currently the highest paid center in NFL history.
Wodehouse was the son of John Wodehouse, 3rd Earl of Kimberley, and succeeded in the earldom in 1931 after his father was killed in an air raid. He was educated at Eton and Magdalene College, Cambridge and served in the Grenadier Guards. He was a distant kinsman of author P.G. Wodehouse (they were third cousins thrice removed). He had the reputation of being Britain's most married peer, having married Diana Legh, daughter of Sir Piers Legh, in 1945 as the first of six wives. They divorced in 1948, and he married Australian Carmel Dunnett (née Maguire) in 1949. They had a son, John Wodehouse, 5th Earl of Kimberley, but divorced in 1952. He tried again in 1953 with Cynthia Abdy Westendarp, but they too were divorced in 1961; together they had a son, Henry, who served in the Special Branch of the Metropolitan Police. Then he married model Margaret Simons in 1961 but they were also divorced in 1965. Wodehouse then wed Gillian Ireland-Smith in 1970, but they split up so he could marry Janey Consett, a masseuse he'd met in Jamaica, in 1982. This marriage lasted for the remainder of his life and gave him much happiness.
The headmaster of Warrington School, Thomas Vere Bayne, who had studied at Jesus College, Oxford and who was a friend of Dodgson, used to walk over to visit Daresbury on Sundays, sometimes helping with the church services. Bayne would bring his son Vere, who became a life-long friend of the young Charles Lutwidge. Other friends and visitors included Revd Richard Durnford, Rector of Middleton, Lancashire; Lord Francis Egerton, Member of Parliament for South Lancashire and John Wilson Patten, MP for North Lancashire.
Bayne was the son of Thomas Vere Bayne, who had studied at Jesus College, Oxford and who was a master at Warrington School from 1828 to 1842. Bayne was born in 1829. From his childhood, he was a friend of Charles Dodgson: Thomas Vere Bayne was a friend of Dosgson's father Charles and used to visit him at Daresbury; the two sons went on to study and work at the same Oxford college. Bayne matriculated at the University of Oxford as a member of Christ Church on 14 June 1848, and became a Fellow (called a ``Student'' at Christ Church) in 1849. He obtained his BA degree in 1852 and his MA in 1855, and was an ordained Anglican priest. From 1861 to 1882 he was Curator of Common Room in Christ Church, a post in which he was succeeded by Dodgson. He was university Proctor in 1867, and became Keeper of the Archives in 1885. He died in 1908, sometime before the Encaenia ceremony on 25 June, at which he was remembered. His estate amounted to £138,000.
Cenk Sidar studied Business Administration and International Relations at the Istanbul Bilgi University. After completing his undergraduate education, he studied International Economics and International Energy Policy at the Johns Hopkins University (SAIS) in the United States.
Mark Denton was born in Lincoln in 1971 but moved to Sunderland, North East England at the age of three, living there until studying at university. He graduated in humanities from the University of Humberside (now the University of Lincoln) in 1994 and worked in various roles for UK booksellers Waterstone's including a spell as manager of the branch in Scarborough.
Bill Tate (born c. 1932) is a former head coach of the Wake Forest college football program from 1964-1968. He was a graduate from Mattoon High School in Mattoon, Illinois.
Michael Reiterer studied law at the University of Innsbruck from where graduated as Dr. jur in 1978. He obtained post graduate diplomas in international relations from the Johns Hopkins University, Bologna Center (1979) and the Graduate Institute of International Studies (HEI) in Geneva (1985). In 2005 he became adjunct professor (''Dozent``) for international politics at the University of Innsbruck, Austria.
Roedad Khan (Urdu: رؤداد خان; born 28 September 1923) was Pakistani statesman from the start to the end of the Cold war. During his long career, Khan was one of the most senior civil servants of Pakistan. In 1923, Khan was born in Mardan, North-West Frontier Province, British Indian Empire, to a ethnic working class Pashtun family that belongs to a Yousufzai tribe. In 1939, he graduated from local high school and went to attend Forman Christian College and gained B.A. in English Literature in 1942. Respecting his father's wishes, Khan attended the Aligarh Muslim University and gained M.A. in English History in 1946. Upon his returned to Mardan, Khan taught History to English history and opted Pakistan's citizenship in 1947. In 1949, Khan joined Central Superior Services and started his career in 1951. During his long career, Khan served with five Presidents of Pakistan and three Prime ministers of Pakistan. However, his career was at peak when he served with Chief Martial Law Administrator of Pakistan General Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq, responsible for country's internal security while an intelligence efforts were build up to sabotage Soviet military intervention in Afghanistan Soviet Republic. Khan, a part of General's Zia policy to enhance the secret establishment, Khan served as its elite member. After fall of communism, Khan officially retired from Pakistan's politics and civil services and went on to became a political analyst as of current.
The youngest of five children, Soloveichik was born to Rabbi Moshe Soloveichik in Khislavichi, Russia, at which time his father was the rabbi of that town. The late Rav Joseph Ber Soloveitchik was his older brother. http://www.arigoldman.com/articles/soloveitchik.html His family first moved to Poland in 1920, and then when his family moved to New York in 1929, he stayed behind to study with Rav Yitzchok Hutner for his Bar-Mitzvah, then immigrated to the United States in 1930. After he graduated from Yeshiva College, he went to law school at New York University (NYU) and graduated with a law degree in 1946. He then spent the next 20 years teaching at yeshivas in New York.
David Palffy (born March 5, 1969) is a Canadian film and television actor of Welsh and Hungarian descent. He has a degree from the University of Calgary. He attended the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, and was cast in Stanley Kubrick's Full Metal Jacket. Palffy has many television/film credits as an actor and as a writer/director. He also has directing/acting stage credits.
Otho F. Strahl was born near Elliotts Cross Roads, Ohio, and raised in nearby Malta, both in rural Morgan County. Both of his grandmothers had been raised in the South and, through their strong influence, Strahl became an ardent supporter of states rights. Strahl was a graduate from Ohio Wesleyan University. He went south to Tennessee, reading law in Somerville and opening a practice in Dyersburg.
Renee Hobbs received an Ed.D. from the Harvard Graduate School of Education, and an M.A. and B.A. from the University of Michigan in Communication, Film/Video, and English Literature.
Ross was born in Camden, London, England on 17 November 1960, a son of British actress and radio presenter Martha Ross. He grew up in Leytonstone and is the brother of journalist, television editor, and media personality Paul Ross; TV producer/actor Miles Ross; TV producer Simon Ross, and music industry professional Adam Ross. He was educated at Norlington School for Boys, a comprehensive school at the same time as his elder brother Paul, and at Leyton County High School for Boys, a comprehensive school. He also attended Southampton College of Art, now known as Southampton Solent University I've removed this line as Ross recently said in an interview that this Wikipedia statement is untrue --> He then studied Modern European History at the School of Slavonic and East European Studies, University of London; he was made a Fellow of UCL (into which SSEES was absorbed) in 2006.
Sheldon Chumir was born in Calgary. He studied law at the University of Alberta, graduating in 1963 with the gold medal. He continued his education as a Rhodes Scholar and earned a Bachelors of Letters degree from Oxford University in 1965.
Francis Julius LeMoyne (September 4, 1798 -- October 14, 1879) was a 19th-century American medical doctor and philanthropist from Washington, Pennsylvania. Responsible for creating the first crematory in the United States, he was also an abolitionist, founder of Washington's first public library (known as Citizen's Library), co-founder of the Washington Female Seminary, and an instrumental benefactor to the LeMoyne Normal and Commercial School (now LeMoyne-Owen College), to which he made a $20,000 donation in 1870. He graduated from Washington College (now Washington & Jefferson College) in 1815.
This time period was precarious for the nation, as well, with growing tensions between the North and South made war more and more likely. John W. Scott and many members of the Board were strong abolitionists, even to the point where the Washington Examiner newspaper, which was published by two individuals who had been expelled from Washington College, regularly denounced the college for its abolitionist thought. Francis Julius LeMoyne, a trustee and 1815 graduate of Washington College, led the Board's investigation of Professor Richard Henry Lee, a native of Virginia, who was suspected of not selling his family slaves when he was hired by the college. This controversy a marked contrast to what would have happened at Jefferson College, which catered to a southern clientele.
David Wright (Deputy Director): Born in Neath, South Wales, David moved to Australia as a child. He studied Drama, Film and English Literature at Macquarie University, and Arts Management at the University of Technology, Sydney. Over the last twenty years he has worked predominantly in General/Financial Management with Toe Truck Theatre and Australian Theatre for Young People (both in Sydney) and London's Bush Theatre. Most recently he was Executive Director of Greenwich & Lewisham Young People's Theatre in London, Executive Manager of of Sydney Theatre, and General Manager of Citymoves Dance Agency in Aberdeen, Scotland. David joined NDCWales in September 2011.
Dr. Jason Stumbo is the Director of Bands at the University of Toledo, Ohio, United States. Stumbo completed his undergraduate work at the University of Tennessee, Knoxville, where he majored in music education and played alto saxophone. During these years, he was a member of the Pride of the Southland Band. He then taught in Tennessee public schools for several years before beginning graduate studies in music education. In 1999, Stumbo entered the doctoral program at the University of Missouri in Columbia, Missouri and completed his work there in 2004.
Einstein was born in Berlin and spent his childhood in Hamburg, Germany as Nazism gradually took hold. His parents were Quakers, but of Jewish origin. A year after Hitler took power in 1934, his mother moved him and his sister to the Netherlands, leaving his father behind. He finished high school at Eerde, a boarding school in the Netherlands at age 16 and moved to the United States as an exchange student. He attended Furman University in Greenville, South Carolina. One of the first things he did upon arriving was look up his last name in the phone book. The only Einstein he found was a relative: Albert Einstein's son, Hans Albert Einstein. They became friends and was often invited over whenever Albert visited. He earned his medical degree from New York Medical College in 1946 and did his internship at Paterson General Hospital in Paterson, New Jersey. Following that, he became a medical officer in the United States Army. Following residencies in Internal Medicine and Pulmonary Diseases at the New York Veterans Hospitals, in 1951 he drove across the United States to Kern General Hospital in Bakersfield, California. After finishing his residency there, Einstein became the assistant medical director of the Kern County tuberculosis sanitarium in Keene. Once there, he realized that some patients had Valley Fever rather than tuberculosis. He later became the Medical Director at Bakersfield Memorial Hospital until his retirement in 2000. Despite ``retirement'' he continues to work, weekly treating patients at Kern Medical Center, teaching at San Joaquin Valley College, and much more.
Hiram Torres Rigual (July 16, 1922 -- December 3, 2006) was born in Mayagüez, Puerto Rico. After serving as an Internal Revenue agent as well as an aide to Puerto Rico's Treasury Secretary, he studied law at the University of Puerto Rico while he worked summers as a professor of Political Science on the same campus. He clerked with Supreme Court of Puerto Rico Associate Justice Borinquen Marrero upon his law school graduation in 1949 a nd held other government posts including over 15 years as an aide to Governors Luis Muñoz Marín and Roberto Sánchez Vilella and obtained a Masters in Public Law at Harvard University.
Tess Gerritsen was the child of a Chinese immigrant and a Chinese American seafood chef in San Diego, California. While growing up, Gerritsen often dreamt of writing her own Nancy Drew novels. Although she longed to be a writer, her family had reservations about the sustainability of a writing career, prompting Gerritsen to choose a career in medicine. In 1975, Gerritsen graduated from Stanford University with a B.A. in Anthropology, intrigued by the ranges of human behavior. She went on to study medicine at the University of California, San Francisco. She received her medical degree in 1979 and started work as a physician in Honolulu, Hawai'i.
John O'Neill was born in San Diego, California and grew up in San Antonio, Texas where he attended Central Catholic Marianist High School. He has stated that his grandfather taught at the United States Naval Academy, that his father was an admiral and a Navy pilot who fought at Iwo Jima, and that he followed his two brothers into the Naval Academy, graduating in 1967.
Saxton was born November 28, 1914 in Mineola, Long Island, New York, the son of Eugene F. Saxton, vice president, secretary and head of the editorial department of Harper & Brothers, and Martha (Plaisted) Saxton, an editor and school teacher. He had one brother, Alexander Saxton, also a novelist. Mark grew up in New York City, where his father worked, and later attended Harvard College, from which he graduated in 1936. As an adult he lived in both New York and Mill River, Massachusetts. He married Josephine Stocking; the couple had two children, Russell Steele Saxton and Martha Porter Saxton. Mark Saxton died at his home in New York City from an apparent heart attack at the age of 73 on Thursday, January 7, 1988. He was survived by his children Russell and Martha, his wife having predeceased him by many years.
Ferguson graduated from Queen's University Belfast in 1989 and became involved in politics. In 1989, Ferguson was elected as a Sinn Féin representative on Lisburn City Council. In 2003, he was also elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly, to represent Belfast West. As an MLA he was appointed as Sinn Féin's spokesperson on Education and led the campaign against education cuts in Northern Ireland As a Councillor and committed community activist, he led a number of successful campaigns on housing, traffic calming and against the siting of mobile phone masts in residential areas. Ferguson also represented Sinn Féin on the all-Ireland body charged with administering European funding, and he also served as vice-chair of the West Belfast Partnership Board. Michael Ferguson was well known as a founder member of the West Belfast Safer Streets Campaign Group. Through this work he challenged anti-social behaviour, developed initiatives to tackle crime and created opportunities for young people to contribute positively to the community.
Eric Knechtges has studied at the Indiana University (Bloomington) Jacobs School of Music (DM), Bowling Green State University (MM) and Michigan State University (BMusEd); he has also taught music (band, chorus, and music appreciation) at Addison Community Schools in Michigan. He has been an active conductor of bands and orchestras, including the Pride of Indy Band and Color Guard. Knechtges is currently on the faculty at Northern Kentucky University.
Jessica Helfand is an author, columnist and lecturer on graphic design. She is the partner of William Drenttel of Winterhouse Studios, Winterhouse Editions and Winterhouse Institute located in Falls Village, Connecticut. She is a critic in graphic design at Yale University, where she earned her M.F.A. in Graphic Design and her B.A. in graphic design and architectural theory.
Sarah Killgore Wertman, née Sarah Killgore (1 March 1843, Clinton County, Missouri - 21 May 1935, Seattle) was an American lawyer. She was the first woman law student at the University of Michigan, and admitted to the State Bar of Michigan, making her the first woman to be admitted to the Bar of any state in the United States of America.
James Charles Kopp was born in Pasadena, California and raised Lutheran, but later converted to Roman Catholicism. He graduated from the University of California, Santa Cruz in 1976, with a bachelor's degree in Biology, going on to take a master's degree in Embryology from California State University Fullerton. Kopp started providing support to anti-abortion groups after his girlfriend underwent an abortion, and used his technical abilities to create special locks that protesters then used on the doors of abortion clinics.
Walker attended Caulfield Grammar School, and served as the Lord Mayor of Melbourne from 1974 to 1976. He became a prominent Liberal Party figure, working as honorary National Treasurer from 1987 to 2002.
Michael A. Burstein is an American writer of science fiction. He was born in New York City, and grew up in the neighborhood of Forest Hills in the borough of Queens. He attended Hunter College High School in Manhattan. In 1991 he graduated from Harvard College (where he was a member of the Harvard-Radcliffe Science Fiction Association), with a degree in Physics, and in 1993 he earned a Master's in Physics from Boston University. In 1994 he attended the Clarion Workshop. In 1995 he studied comic book writing under Dennis O'Neil at the School of Visual Arts in Manhattan.
Theophil Mitchell Prudden (1849-1924) was an American pathologist, born at Middlebury, Connecticut. He graduated from the Sheffield Scientific School, Yale, in 1872 and received his M. D. from Yale School of Medicine in 1875. He became an assistant (1879) and was professor of pathology (1892-1909) in the College of Physicians and Surgeons, Columbia University. In 1901 he was made a director of the Rockefeller Institute for medical research. His writings include:
Louis Rhodes graduated from Western Michigan University in 1983 with a bachelor of science in mechanical engineering. After graduating from WMU, Louis was appointed as the senior release engineer at General Motors until 1986. He was then employed from 1986 until 1987 as an engineering manager at Boeing Aircraft Company. Then from 1987 until 1993 Louis was the director of CAD/CAE services at MSX International. Since leaving MSX International in 1993, Louis Rhodes has been employed at Chrysler. He has held positions within the product engineering and product design organizations and has also been the director of advanced vehicle concepts and innovation group.
Elsa Bornemann was born in the Parque Patricios neighborhood of Buenos Aires to Wilhelm Karl Henri Bornemann and Blancanieves Fernández. She a national teacher, having received her degree in the Arts from the University of Buenos Aires, obtaining diplomas in English, German, Italian, Latin, and classical Greek.
Originally intending to be a career soldier, Price graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point; he served in the American Expeditionary Force in World War I, and with the American military in Mexico and the Philippines. He was a champion fencer and boxer, an amateur Orientalist, and a student of the Arabic language; science-fiction author Jack Williamson, in his 1984 autobiography Wonder's Child, called E. Hoffmann Price a ``real live soldier of fortune.''
Michael P. Nelson is a writer, teacher, speaker, consultant, and professor of environmental philosophy and ethics currently teaching at Michigan State University where he holds a joint appointment in the Lyman Briggs College, the Department of Fisheries and Wildlife, and the Department of Philosophy. Nelson is also the philosopher in residence of the Isle Royale Wolf-Moose Project. He earned his M.A. at Michigan State University before going on to earn a Ph.D. in philosophy at Lancaster University in England. He taught at the University of Wisconsin-Stevens Point from 1993-2004 and the University of Idaho from 2005-2007 before joining MSU where he teaches courses on environmental philosophy, philosophy of ecology, and conservation biology.
Akintola Williams was born in 1919. His grandfather Z.A. Williams was a merchant prince from Abeokuta and his father Thomas Ekundayo Williams was a clerk in the colonial service who set up a legal practice in Lagos after training in London, England. He was the older brother of Rotimi Williams, who later became a distinguished lawyer. Williams attended the CMS Grammar School, Lagos. He went on to Yaba Higher College on a UAC scholarship, obtaining a diploma in commerce. In 1944 he traveled to England where he studied at the University of London, majoring in banking and finance and graduating in 1946 with a Bachelor of Commerce. He continued his studies and qualified as a chartered accountant in England in 1949. While in London, he was one of the founders of the Egbe Omo Oduduwa society, with Dr. Oni Akerele as President and Obafemi Awolowo as Secretary.
In September 2007, Marley Marl received an award from the Berklee College of Music for his contribution to music. Marley Marl has also been a legend as a radio deejay along side Mr. Magic in the 80's on a show called Rap Attack on WBLS New York. Marley took the torch to start his own radio show called Private Radio, later with Pete Rock and K-Def. The radio show was called Future Flavas that was an online station and radio show that bounced around from New York radio stations like Hot 97, Power 105.1. Now Marley is currently back where it all started, WBLS, with his radio show called Golden Era Radio. Marley is still touring the world deejaying, playing his brand of funk for fans of Golden Era hip hop. He is also in the works of producing a film called The Vapors. The film will be based on Marl and the Juice Crew in the late 80's the golden era of Hip Hop. He and KRS-One released Hip-Hop Lives in May 2007 with Marley Marl as the executive producer.
Born in North Hollywood, California, to a Jewish mother and Native American father, Jeannine Parvati Baker migrated to the San Francisco Bay Area and Sebastopol areas in the late 1960s. She attended Sonoma State University. She was an early contributor to the fields of natural health and healing, studying yoga asana and meditation. Parvati Baker chose to give birth to all of her children without the use of drugs, which she discusses in her early writings.
Charles Jervis Gilman (February 26, 1824 - February 5, 1901) was a U.S. Representative from Maine, grandnephew of John Taylor Gilman and Nicholas Gilman. Born in Exeter, New Hampshire, Gilman attended Phillips Exeter Academy, Exeter, New Hampshire, and pursued classical studies. He was graduated from Harvard Law School. He was admitted to the bar in 1850 and commenced practice in Exeter, New Hampshire. He served as member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives in 1851 and 1852. He moved to Brunswick, Maine and married Alice McKeen Dunlap, and continued the practice of law. He lived in the John Dunlap House, also known as the Gilman Mansion. He served as member of the Maine House of Representatives in 1854 and 1855. He served as member of the State Whig committee.
Sigmund Fraenkel or Sigmund Fränkel (22 May 1868 Krakau -- 7 June 1939) was a Polish-born chemist who lived and worked in Austria, and is notable for being the head of the Ludwig-Spiegler-Stiftung in Vienna from 1904 and his work in the field of Physiological chemistry, notably on the chemistry of the thyroid gland. He studied at the University of Vienna under Ernst Ludwig (1842-1915) and Ernst Wilhelm von Brücke, in Prague under Karl Hugo Huppert (1832-1904) and in Freiburg im Breisgau. In 1892 he obtained his doctorate in medicine in Vienna, and in 1896 he was Private Tutor in Medicinal chemistry. He died in Vienna.
Krishna Deonarine was born in the village of Palmyra, just east of San Fernando. His father, Deonarine Tiwari, squandered his inheritance, and was forced to move the family to San Fernando. Krishna attended Naparima College, but his family's financial problems forced him to drop out during Form 3. He found employment with J.C. Hobson, a prominent lawyer. Hobson encouraged Deonarine intellectually and lent him books from which he learned about Cola di Rienzo, fourteenth century Italian activist and patriot. In 1927 Deonarine changed his name to Adrian Cola Rienzi, naming himself after British magistrate Adrian Clarke and Cola di Rienzo.
Condor Laucke was the eldest son of a German immigrant, Friedrich Laucke, who had migrated to South Australia from Bremen in 1895. In 1899 he established Laucke Mills at Greenock in South Australia's Barossa Valley. He was educated at Immanuel College and the School of Mines in Adelaide, and after graduating, joined the family business, becoming Director and General Manager of what was now a large milling and stock feed enterprise in 1947.
Ganti Jogi Somayaji was born at Anakapalli, Visakhapatnam district in 1900. He was graduated from Maharajah's College, Vizianagaram in 1921. He has completed L.T. and obtained Vidwan degree in Telugu and Sanskrit languages in 1926. He has obtained M. A. in Sanskrit while working in a High School at Adoni. He has joined Pachaiyappa's College as Lecturer of Sanskrit and worked for 3 years. He has joined Andhra University in 1933 as Telugu lecturer and worked there till 1963.
Wilhelm Matheson graduated with a law degree (``juridisk embetseksamen'') at the University of Oslo in 1982. He has been employed as higher executive officer and legal adviser in the Law Department of the Norwegian Justice Department and as guest researcher at the Max Planck institute in Freiburg, Germany. In the period between 1987 and 1988, Matheson served as deputy judge at district recorder office of Lier, Røyken and Hurum. In 1989 he was employed as deputy advocate in the lawyer firm Mellbye, Schjoldager, Sejersted, Tenden. Between 1990 and 2009 he was employed as lawyer and partner in Wiersholm, before he entered the role as supreme court justice.
On September 10, 1960, Scalia married Maureen McCarthy, whom he met on a blind date while he was at Harvard Law School. Maureen Scalia had been an undergraduate at Radcliffe College when the two met, and subsequently obtained a degree in English from the school. The couple raised nine children, five boys and four girls.
Tim McCalister (born November 23, 1964) is a former basketball player best known for his collegiate career at the University of Oklahoma from 1983 to 1987. He stood at 6'4`` and played guard. Throughout his four year career, he scored 2,275 career points. He also had 628 assists, along with 319 steals. McCalister was selected 47th overall and in the third round by the Los Angeles Clippers in the 1987 NBA Draft, but never played in the NBA. He later played in the IBA and overseas in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA) averaging 25.7 points in his brief three-game stint with Purefoods Hotdogs in 1988.
After completing his undergraduate education, Paul Florian moved to London and worked as a project designer for two years in the office of Sir Robert Matthew Johnson-Marshall and Partners Architects RMJM under the direction of David Lloyd-Jones. From 1975 to 1978, Florian attended the Architectural Association School of Architecture, concentrating his studies in urban design under the direction of Leon Krier and earning a Diploma Degree. Colleagues at the Architectural Association included David Chipperfield, Zaha Hadid, Susannah Hagan, and Ben Nicholson. Florian returned from England to the Chicago area in 1978 and worked for two years as a project designer for the architecture firm Holabird and Root. From 1981 to 1982, he attended the School of Architecture at the University of Illinois at Chicago, receiving a Master of Architecture degree. As a graduate student, he taught in the undergraduate program at UIC School of Architecture and curated the exhibition ``Architecture and the City'' at Chicago's Museum of Science and Industry.
William Edward White was the son of a white former slaveholder from Georgia and his mixed-race mistress. White attended college at Brown University where he also played varsity baseball. He filled in for one game for the Grays on June 21 when the Providence team was short-handed.
The team had a putative claim to being the first Major League Baseball team to field an African-American baseball player, William Edward White, a Brown University student who played one game for the Grays on June 21, 1879. Evidence is strong but not conclusive: Peter Morris of the Society for American Baseball Research has researched this issue, as reported by the Wall Street Journal on January 30, 2004. However, it has been acknowledged that White, who had at least one Negro ancestor, lived his life as a white man, and his race sparked no controversy when he was hired by Providence. Brothers Dan and Cliff Falk, who were both starting pitchers on the club during the 1883 season, may also have been of partial Negro ancestry.
Arthur Bankart was born in Exeter in 1879, the son of surgeon James Bankart. He was educated at Rugby School, Trinity College, Cambridge and Guy's Hospital, qualifying in medicine in 1906. He became a Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons in 1909, and Master of Surgery in 1910.
Rob Houghtlin attended New Trier High School in Winnetka, Illinois. He played for one season at Miami University before transferring to the University of Iowa. He walked on to the football team as a sophomore before the 1985 season.
Jeffrey Nielsen is founder of the Democracy House Project, and a published author. He is also a philosophy instructor at Westminster College, Salt Lake City; and Utah Valley University, Orem, Utah. But he is perhaps best known for being both a supporter of gay marriage and a practicing Mormon.
Stig Harder (born April 5, 1969) is the founder of Fashion Net, Lumiere Magazine, The Vegalitarian Society, and Holofono. Born in Flekkefjord, Norway, he graduated from Art Center College of Design, Pasadena, California, in 1991.
He was born in Coventry, and was a pupil at King Henry VIII School, Coventry. He studied at St. John's College, Oxford. He was appointed by E. T. Whittaker to the position of lecturer at the University of Edinburgh, where he was later awarded a D.Sc.
Alan Pasqua (born June 28, 1952 in New Jersey) is a jazz pianist, educator and composer who co-composed the CBS Evening News theme. He also has had an extensive career in pop and rock music, most notably as a founding member, keyboardist and songwriter of the 80s hard rock band, Giant. He studied at Indiana University and the New England Conservatory of Music. His latest album Twin Bill, released on October 20, 2011, has been recently nominated a Grammy award.
Fabiana Masili is a Brazilian musician from Rio Claro, São Paulo, Brazil. She started showing talent at an early age for the organ and percussion instruments. Masili started playing professionally with many bands at age eight. She evolved as a singer during many of her shows and led to lead singing and as a percussionist on various occasions. Fabiana Masili graduated with a bachelor's degree in music from the State University of Campinas, Brazil. Singing and producing went hand in hand while attending University. On several occasions, she produced at the famed Brazilian recording studio, Fabrica do Som while singing and attending University. Masili is an award winning musician in Brazil with ``Best Jingle'' (2000) and ``Best Soundtrack for TV'' (2001). Although she has not had any recordings to her name but she has participated in many CD recordings during her singing career.
Amir Gal-or was born on on September 5, 1962 in Haifa, Israel. His parents, Leah and Benjamin, are professors at the Technion-Israel Institute of Technology. Gal-Or's mother specializes in chemistry and materials; his father specializes in machinery. Gal-Or attended the Hebrew Reali School in Haifa, where he graduated from the Science-Physics Department. Gal-Or served as a combat pilot in the Israeli Air Force (IDF/AF) for 24 years, flying the F-4 Phantom, F-16 and A-4 Skyhawk. Gal-Or was also a member of the IDF/AF aerobatic team. On October 16, 1986, Gal-Or flew in the same formation with Israeli MIA navigator/weapon systems officer (WSO) Ron Arad, who went missing that day. Amir Gal-Or is retired from active reserve duty and now serves as an instructor in the military flying school. Gal-Or has four children.
Nicholas Jarrold was the Ambassador from the United Kingdom to Croatia from 2000 to 2004. He was educated at Shrewsbury School and the University of Oxford. He is currently Director of the British Association for Central and Eastern Europe.
Lou Berger (born 1950) is a former head writer for Sesame Street. Berger was one of two writers that helped launch Reading Rainbow in the early 1980s and he co-wrote, with Judy Freudberg, the primetime special The Street We Live On, which was nominated for an Emmy as Outstanding Children's Program. Berger wrote the lyrics for the special's song ``The Street I Live On'', which was also nominated for a Primetime Emmy. Born in Brooklyn, New York, Berger is a graduate of Hofstra University and the University of Wisconsin-- Madison.
Robert Austin studied at Leicester Municipal School of Art from 1909 to 1913 then at the Royal College of Art in London where his studies were interrupted by the First World War. He returned to the College in 1919 when he studied etching under Sir Frank Short and was awarded a scholarship in engraving to study in Italy. During the last 10 years of the etching revival between 1920 and 1930 he produced etchings from copper plates worked in very fine detail in an almost Pre-Raphaelite style. During the Second World War Austin worked as a war artist recording the efforts of women in the Royal Air Force and in the nursing services. He then returned to teaching at the Royal College of Art as Professor of Engraving from 1946. Austin acted as an advisor on the design of banknotes to the Bank of England between 1956 and 1961 and designed the ten shillings and one pound notes issued in the early 1960s.
Ken Ward is an environmental activist who served as Executive Director of NJPIRG and RIPIRG, Deputy Executive Director, Greenpeace USA, cofounder of a number of organizations, including Green Corps (Senior Trainer), National Environmental Law Center (President), Public Interest GRFX, Environmental Endowment for New Jersey, Fund for Public Interest Research and AmeriCorps Water Watch. His Response to The Death of Environmentalism, published by Grist, March 2005, has evolved into the Bright Lines project. Ward is a graduate of Hampshire College (entered F1975). He is currently at work on the Jamaica Plain Green House. He is nicknamed Nuja by friends and family alike
Downer was born in Adelaide, the son of Henry Downer who came to South Australia in 1838 and his wife Jane, née Field. John Downer was educated at St Peter's College, Adelaide, where he was a brilliant student. He studied for the bar, was admitted to practise on 23 March 1867, and was soon one of the leading Adelaide barristers.
He was born William Benjamin Kean, Jr., in Buffalo, New York on July 9, 1897. Kean graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1918 and was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant of Infantry.
Italo Giovanni Selvelli was born in Istanbul in 1863. His parents were Michele Selvelli (Fano, Italy, 1825 - Istanbul, 1895) and Maria Sigalla (Syros, Greece, 1838 - Istanbul, 1904). Italo Selvelli attended the Royal College of Music of Palermo between 1876 and 1881.
Harold G. Maier is a noted scholar in the field of international law, international civil litigation, and conflict of laws. After receiving his undergraduate education at the University of Cincinnati, he obtained his law degree from the University of Cincinnati College of Law. He also earned an LL.M. from the University of Michigan. He now holds the title of David Daniels Allen Professor of Law Emeritus at the Vanderbilt University Law School.
John Cunningham was born in Paisley, Renfrewshire, Scotland on 22 February 1938. He was educated at St Mary's College, Blairs and St. Peter's Seminary, Cardross. Later he was a student of the Scots College, Rome. from where he attended the Pontifical Gregorian University
R. W. Scott McLeod was born in Davenport, Iowa on June 17, 1914. He was educated at Grinnell College, graduating with a B.A. in 1937.
Hawkins was born in Chertsey, Surrey, and grew up in Lowestoft, near Oulton Broad. He studied at Kirkley High School; he left part-way through his 'A' Levels to study Music Technology at Huddersfield Technical College while living in Sowerby Bridge near Halifax, West Yorkshire. His brother Dan Hawkins was the lead guitarist of Stone Gods.
Sanford Myron Zeller (19 October, 1885--4 November, 1948) was an American mycologist. Born in Coldwater, Michigan, Zeller was educated at Lawrence College in Wisconsin, then Greenville College in Illinois, from which he received a Bachelor of Science degree in 1909. He earned his doctorate in botany in 1917 at Washington University in St. Louis, and two years later started a 29-year year stint as a plant pathologist and professor at the Oregon Agricultural Experimental Station in Corvallis, Oregon. He published over 150 scientific papers during his career. Zeller specialized in the gasteroid fungi. Independently, he described 3 orders, 9 families, 7 genera, 81 species, and published 29 new names and combinations, as well as 3 genera, 62 species, and 59 combinations in collaborations with other scientists. Zeller was the associate editor of the scientific journal Phytopathology from 1924 to 1930.
Joseph G. Weiss (1918 - August 25, 1969) was a scholar of Jewish Mysticism and Hasidism, who studied at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem under the tutelage of Prof. Gershom Scholem from 1941 till 1950, when Weiss moved to England. In England Weiss first taught children aged 5--11 at a Jewish School in Leeds, before spending time in London, Manchester and Oxford, where he occupied various research and teaching positions, eventually becoming the director of the Institute of Jewish Studies at University College London.
Sitaram Asur is a research scientist at HP Labs. He received his PhD in Computer Science from the Ohio State University in 2009. His research interests are in data mining and social computing.
Valter Longo attended the University of North Texas majoring in Biochemistry.
Mark Anthony is a medium who studied at the prestigious Arthur Findlay College for the Advancement of Psychic Science in England. However, Anthony's claims to supernatural powers are not supported by a scientific consensus.
Richard Morrow Groat (born November 4, 1930 in Wilkinsburg, Pennsylvania) is a former two-sport athlete best known as a shortstop in Major League Baseball. He played for four National League teams, mainly the Pittsburgh Pirates and St. Louis Cardinals, and was named the league's Most Valuable Player in after winning the batting title with a .325 average for the champion Pirates. From 1956 to 1962 he teamed with second baseman Bill Mazeroski to give Pittsburgh one of the game's strongest middle infields; he led the NL in double plays a record five times, in putouts four times and in assists twice. At the end of his career he ranked ninth in major league history in games at shortstop (1,877) and fourth in double plays (1,237), and was among the NL career leaders in putouts (10th, 3,505), assists (8th, 5,811) and total chances (9th, 9,690). Also an excellent basketball player, he attended Duke University and is a member of the Sigma Chi Fraternity. He was twice an All-American at Duke and was voted as the Helms National Player of the Year in 1952 after averaging 25.2 points per game. He played one season as a guard in the National Basketball Association. In 2011 Groat was inducted into the National College Baseball Hall of Fame, becoming the first man ever inducted into both the college basketball and college baseball halls of fame. He is currently the color commentator for the Pittsburgh Panthers men's basketball team.
In 1979, Hirmez, a Roman Catholic native of Iraq, moved to San Diego, California to live with an uncle he was in high school. When he arrived in the United States, he changed his name from Waad Ajou to Waad Hirmez. In 1981, he graduated from Point Loma High School. Two weeks after his graduation, he signed with the San Diego Sockers of the North American Soccer League for $18,000. He played seventeen minutes of one game for the Sockers in 1981 before being released. He then attended National University where he played on the school's club team. In 1982, he played for the amateur San Diego Falcons. In 1983, the Sockers signed Hirmez again and he played eleven games, scoring one goal. He did not play professionally in 1984 after a series of unsuccessful trials with the Tacoma Stars, Phoenix Inferno and Wichita Wings. In February 1985, the Sockers signed Hirmez to a ten day contract after the team Kaz Deyna suffered a potentially season ending knee injury. His contract was extended to the end of the season as the Sockers won the league championship. The Sockers then retained Hirmez for the next three seasons as the Sockers won another two championships. Hirmez became a free agent in 1988 and he moved to the Los Angeles Lazers. On February 21, 1989, the Lazers traded him to the Sockers in exchange for Poli Garcia. He would play two and a half indoor seasons with the Sockers. In addition to his time playing indoor soccer with the Sockers, Hirmez also played for the San Diego Nomads of the outdoor Western Soccer League. Although the Nomads went to the league championship, Hirmez had returned to the Sockers before that game. In 1989, Hirmez also became an American citizen. In September 1991, the Sockers waived Hirmez. On September 20, 1991, he signed with the . On November 16, 1991, the Blast placed Hirmez on waivers. On November 31, Hirmez joined the St. Louis Storm. The Storm released him at the end of the season. In 1993, Hirmez rejoined the Sockers who were now playing in the Continental Indoor Soccer League. In January 1994, he signed with the Kansas City Attack of the National Professional Soccer League. He then moved to Mexico where he played for Puebla in the Futbol Rapido league, helping the team win the league championship. He then returned to the Sockers for the 1994 CISL season. The Sockers waived him at the end of the season and Hirmez moved to the Monterrey La Raza for the 1995 season. After retiring from playing, Hirmez coached the Fallbrook Union High School boys team and the Southwest Soccer Club, both beginning in 2001. In 2002, Hirmez left Fallbrook for Mission Viejo High School.
Russell Scott Valentino (born 1962) is a literary scholar, translator, and editor. He received his Ph.D. in Slavic Languages and Literatures from the University of California, Los Angeles in 1993. He has taught Slavic and comparative literature at the University of Iowa since 1994. Since approximately 2003, he has been a member of the University of Iowa's Workshop, and, since 2009, Editor of The Iowa Review.
One well-known example is singer-pianist Norah Jones, who studied jazz piano at the University of North Texas. Others include:
Beer was born in Bucyrus, Ohio. He attended Staunton Military Academy with Barry Goldwater, and the two played on the school's football team. He was a graduate of the University of Michigan and was named a Rhodes Scholar, attending Balliol College, Oxford, where he was awarded a degree in history.
Ahmed Zewail was born on February 26, 1946 in Damanhour, Egypt and raised in Disuq. He received bachelor's degree and MS degree from the University of Alexandria before moving from Egypt to the United States to complete his PhD at the University of Pennsylvania with advisor Robin Hochstrasser. He completed a post-doctoral fellowship at the University of California, Berkeley with advisor Charles B. Harris.
Swann was born in Arizona but moved to Dallas, Texas, as a young child. He began piano studies at the age of four. While attending St. Mark's School of Texas, he studied for seven years with Alexander Uninsky at Southern Methodist University in Dallas. (He was known at St. Mark's for practicing without shoes - socks only.) He received his Bachelor and Master of Music degrees from the Juilliard School under Beveridge Webster, and completed his Doctor of Musical Arts degree under Adele Marcus, graduating with highest honors. During this time, he won the Young Concert Artists International Auditions in 1974 and opened the 1975-76 YCA Series at Carnegie Hall with his New York debut.
Don Chadwick (1936 - ) was born in Los Angeles and developed an interest in furniture making from his grandfather, a cabinetmaker. He studied design at the University of California, Los Angeles. He worked for architect Victor Gruen, and in 1964 founded his own practice. He has designed Chadwick Modular Seating (1974) and with Bill Stumpf designed the Equa 1 (1984) and the Aeron chair (1994), all for Herman Miller. Business Week Magazine and Industrial Designers Society of America awarded Design of the Decade to the Aeron chair in 2000. Recently he has designed the Chadwick chair for Knoll.
Stan Efferding, born November 6, 1967 in Portland Oregon graduated from Cambria Heights High School in Patton Pennsylvania in 1985. He had a college scholarship to play soccer for Warner Pacific College, but he decided to go to University of Oregon, where he studied Psychology.
Georg Heinrich Brandes was born at Bortfeld, in Brunswick, in 1803, and learned the rudiments of painting under the guidance of E. Barthels at Brunswick. From 1823 to 1825 he attended the Academy of Munich, where he first devoted himseK to historic painting under the tuition of Cornelius, but afterwards turned his attention to landscapes. On quitting the Academy he proceeded to the Tyrol. His pictures from the Bavarian mountains won him a reputation by their grandeur of disposition and efEective colouring. In 1830-31 he visited Italy, and passed much of the time in Rome. On his return he settled down in Brunswick, and became a teacher of painting and design as well as gallery inspector at the Ducal Museum. In 1845, together with Neumann, he restored the old mural paintings in Brunswick Cathedral. He died at that city in 1868. The following are among his most important works:
Air Chief Marshal Athanasios Tzoganis (; born 15 July 1939) is a retired Hellenic Air Force officer who served as Chief of the Hellenic National Defence General Staff in 1996--1999. Born in Skourtou, Aetoloacarnania, he entered the Hellenic Air Force Academy in 1959 and graduated first in his class in 1962. He flew F-84, A-7, G-159, T-33, NORATLAS, C-47 and C-130 aircraft and held several staff positions and active commands (345 Bomber Squadron and 112 Fighter Wing). He later headed the Air Support Command, the Tactical Air Force Headquarters and finally became Chief of the Hellenic Air Force General Staff on 17 December 1993. He held the post until 16 February 1996, when he was appointed to the position of Chief of the Hellenic National Defence General Staff, a position he held until 15 February 1999. He is married and has two daughters.
Jamaal Branch was born in Hartford, Connecticut and his family moved to Mashpee, Massachusetts, where he still resides. He is a 1999 graduate of Falmouth High School, where he was a four-year letter-winner for the football team and was teammates at Falmouth with another former NFL player, Willie Ford.
Mark Bamford (writer/director) was born in Louisville, Kentucky, but raised mostly in New York. He graduated from New York University (NYU) in 1989 with a double major in French Literature and Linguistics and a minor in Anthropology. After working for several years in Los Angeles as a freelance screenwriter, Mark wrote and directed the award-winning 2000 short film Hero, which won him the Atom Films ``Director to Watch'' Award in 2001. ``Hero'' sold worldwide for television and aired in the U.S. on Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) Public television. 2004's Cape of Good Hope is his first feature.
In June 2000, Shawn was diagnosed with renal cell carcinoma (cancer of the kidneys). Knowing that his time may be limited, he hand selected the coach he wanted to take over the team if anything were to happen. Always known as a fiery coach, some were surprised when he selected mild mannered ex-UMass Lowell Riverhawk coach, Tim Whitehead (Hamilton '85). Whitehead earned his graduate degree in education at The University of Maine approximately 10 years prior, and during this time he worked with Walsh as a graduate assistant coach.
Since his father had worked in Kiel, Landmann attended a gymnasium there from 1927 to 1933. Having returned to Switzerland, he studied philosophy, psychology and German studies at the University of Basel. Herman Schmalenbach, Paul Häberlin und Walter Muschg were among his teachers. 1939 he received his doctorate with a thesis on Socratic philosophy as an ethic of values (Der Sokratismus als Wertethik). After assisting Schmalenbach and Karl Jaspers, Landmann earned his habilitation under the mentorship of Otto Friedrich Bollnow at the University of Mainz. From 1951 till 1978 Michael Landmann was Professor of philosophy at the Free University of Berlin. His main field of study was philosophical anthropology
Born in 1951 in Germany, Schlukbier was the younger of two sons of a career U.S. military officer. His father was of German-American immigrant stock and his mother was of Norwegian-American extraction. The family lived on or near Air Force bases around the United States as the boys grew up. George Schlukbier spent his teen years and early adulthood in San Diego, California. After graduating from the University of California, San Diego, with a degree in comparative literature, he moved to Vermont and then to Montreal, Canada, where he earned a master's degree in library science from McGill University.
John Moloney was brought up in Ilford, Essex, of Irish parents, who both worked for the NHS. After passing his 11+, John attended Ilford County High School. John then obtained a BA honours degree in German at Royal Holloway College, followed by a PGCE at King's College, London.
Gazi was born in a village of Khulna district, Bangladesh. After receiving HSC from Bangladesh, he moved to the USA for further studies, latter he procured his higher studies in the UK and worked there. Mr. Alam received his MBA majoring in Business Research in 1999 from the USA. Further to the MBA, in order to work in area of education economics and policy, he later studied M.A. in International Education and Development in 2003 at the University of Sussex, UK. Dr. Gazi Mahabubul Alam obtained Ph.D. from The University of Nottingham, Nottingham, UK in 2007 in Education Policy and Administration and Economic.
Television personality Connie Chung; E! News reporter Giuliana Rancic graduated with a bachelors degree from the Philip Merrill College of Journalism. ESPN reporters Bonnie Bernstein and Tim Kurkjian graduated from the Philip Merrill College of Journalism. Scott Van Pelt, also of ESPN, attended the Phillip Merrill College of Journalism, but finished a few credits short of graduation. Journalist Carl Bernstein, who won the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service for his coverage of the Watergate scandal, attended the University but also did not graduate. Kiran Chetry, co-host of CNN's American Morning, graduated with a bachelors of arts in broadcast journalism. Heidi Collins of CNN Newsroom graduated with a bachelors of science. Former Maryland governor Harry R. Hughes also attended. Gayle King, editor-at-large for O, The Oprah Magazine, graduated from Maryland with a degree in psychology.
Rogers Cadenhead (b. April 13, 1967 in Dallas, Texas, USA) is a computer book author and web publisher who is currently chairman of the RSS Advisory Board, a group that assists developers in using the RSS 2.0 specification. He graduated from the University of North Texas in 1991 and Lloyd V. Berkner High School in Richardson, Texas in 1985.
Val Ramos is a native of New York City (of Puerto Rican parents) and is considered to be one of the best Nuevo Flamenco guitarists in the United States. Val has toured the United States and Spain with his ensemble which includes his brother Jose Ramon Ramos. At the early age of 14, he studied Flamenco guitar with Spanish (Malaga) Flamenco master Adonis Puerta in New York City. In 1981, he graduated from Ezra Stiles College at Yale University. He made his professional debut in the Disney Channel in 1985 and has since released three independent albums under the PIRAM Records label.
Terry Jennings was born in Eagle Rock, Los Angeles, California, in 1940. Coming from a background in jazz, he played piano, clarinet, and saxophones. He played jazz with La Monte Young in Los Angeles in the mid-1950s, and later began to compose in the manner of Young's early sustained-tone style (Garland and Young 2001). He also studied with Robert Erickson at the San Francisco Conservatory of Music and Leonard Stein at the California Institute of the Arts. He was active as both composer and performer in New York starting in 1960, where he worked with the James Waring Dance Company and with La Monte Young's Theatre of Eternal Music. Two of his compositions from 1960, Piano Piece and String Quartet were published in An Anthology of Chance Operations (edited by Young in 1963). This publication led to the performance of both pieces in England by Cornelius Cardew and others (Garland and Young 2001). His early works are quiet, simple, and restrained, much like some of the early work of Morton Feldman, but generally more tonal. One of his early pieces, Piano, is included in manuscript in the book Notations (1969) by John Cage. He strongly influenced American composers Harold Budd and Peter Garland, as well as British composer Howard Skempton. In the 1970s, he turned to a neo-romantic style (Garland and Young 2001). Jennings died in San Pablo, California in 1981.
Born in New York City, he was the son of Edith Adelson Lerner and Joseph Jay Lerner, whose brother, Samuel Alexander Lerner, was founder and owner of the Lerner Stores, a chain of dress shops. One of Lerner's cousins was the radio comedian/television game show panelist Henry Morgan. Alan Jay Lerner was educated at Bedales School in England, The Choate School (now Choate Rosemary Hall) in Wallingford, Connecticut, (where he wrote ``The Choate Marching Song'') and Harvard. He attended both Camp Androscoggin and Camp Greylock. At both Choate and Harvard, Lerner was a classmate of John F. Kennedy; at Choate they had worked together on the yearbook staff. Like Cole Porter at Yale and Richard Rodgers at Columbia, his career in musical theater began with his collegiate contributions, in Lerner's case to the annual Harvard Hasty Pudding musicals. During the summers of 1936 and 1937, Lerner studied at Juilliard. While attending Harvard, he lost his sight in his left eye due to an accident in the boxing ring. In 1957, Lerner and Leonard Bernstein, another of Lerner's college classmates, collaborated on ``Lonely Men of Harvard,'' a tongue-in-cheek salute to their alma mater.
Lamont was born in Englewood, New Jersey. His father, Thomas W. Lamont, was a Partner and later Chairman at J.P. Morgan & Co.. Lamont graduated as valedictorian of Phillips Exeter Academy in 1920, and magna cum laude from Harvard University in 1924. In 1924 he did graduate work at New College University of Oxford while he resided with Julian Huxley. The next year Lamont d at Columbia University, where he studied under John Dewey. In 1928 he became a philosophy instructor at Columbia and married Margaret Hayes Irish. He received his Ph.D. in philosophy in 1932 from Columbia University. Lamont taught at Columbia, Cornell, Harvard, and the New School for Social Research. In 1962 he married Helen Elizabeth Boyden.
The son of public school teachers, Daryl Jones was born in Jackson, MS, the oldest of four children. He attended Lanier High School where he was elected President of the Mississippi State Association of Student Councils and in 1973, graduated valedictorian. Daryl subsequently attended the United States Air Force Academy where he was the middleweight boxing champion, Cadet Vice Wing Commander and a 1977 honor graduate majoring in mathematics. He is the first African-American graduate of a military academy from Mississippi. He has one sister and two brothers.
Robert L. Nabors is a Western New York native who grew up in Lackawanna and is a graduate of Lackawanna's class of 1964. Although he traces his roots to the American South, he is the youngest son of Mansfield and Mabel Nabors of Buckingham County, Virginia. Nabors was a highly decorated African American U.S. Army officer who has received nearly 400 awards and honors and 38 official military awards and decorations. Major General Nabors received the Distinguished Service Medal, the military's third-highest award; Defense Superior Service Medal; Legion of Merit with four oak leaf clusters; Bronze Star Medal; and the Presidential Support Badge. Nabors honorary awards include NAACP Roy Wilkins Award of Renown 2000. Nabors received a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Southern California. He served as a senior fellow in the National Security Affairs Program at Harvard. Nabors also is a member of the American Mensa Society.
James Kenelm Clarke was born in 1941 at Great Rissington, Glos. He was educated at Leighton Park School and studied music with Rene Leibowitz in Paris. At the age of 18 he wrote the music for Michael Darlow's film ``All These People'' and then many scores for Anglia TV's television plays (under George_More_O'Ferrall) and then at the suggestion of Sir John Woolf joined Anglia Television full-time in 1961 as a researcher on Anglia Television's local programme ``About Anglia''. In 1967 he joined BBC Television in London as a producer on the award-winning progmme ``Man Alive'', edited by Desmond Wilcox. Clarke produced reporters Esther Rantzen, John Pitman, Joan Bakewell and James Astor. He also contributed films to the ``Braden's Week'' and ``That's Life'' teams.
Peter Slowik (born 1957 in Oak Park, Illinois) is a professor of viola and head of the string department at Oberlin Conservatory of Music, where he has earned the school's teaching award. Before teaching at Oberlin, Slowik taught at Cleveland Institute of Music, Northwestern University for 13 years, where he earned the McCormick Professorship for Teaching Excellence, and also at Wheaton College, Illinois as a guest lecturer and viola instructor. Some of his former viola students perform in major US orchestras such as the Chicago Symphony, Minnesota Orchestra, San Francisco Symphony, and National Symphony, and in university appointments across the nation.
Wise attended Apopka High School in Apopka, Florida. He played catcher, pitcher, and infielder. In all of his four years at Apopka, Wise lettered in baseball. Wise also played linebacker on the school's football team. In all of his four seasons at Apopka, the baseball team won the district championship. Wise was named the Most Valuable Player of the Florida State All-Star Game. Along with his father Sonny Wise, J. T. Wise was inducted into the Metro Conference Hall of Fame. Wise was also an honor roll student in the classroom.
Goldwyn was born in Los Angeles, California, the son of Jennifer Howard and film producer Samuel Goldwyn, Jr. Goldwyn's paternal grandparents were mogul Samuel Goldwyn and actress Frances Howard, while his maternal grandparents were playwright Sidney Howard and actress Clare Eames. Goldwyn attended Hamilton College in Clinton, New York, Brandeis University in Waltham, Massachusetts (where he received his B.F.A), and the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art.
Genrikh Struve was born in 1822 in Dorpat (Tartu), then Russian Empire. In 1845, he graduated from the University of Tartu and continued working there in the field of chemistry till 1849. In 1846, via arrangement by his father Friedrich Georg Wilhelm von Struve, Genrikh spent a month visiting Jöns Jacob Berzelius who was impressed with both the father and his son. In 1849, Struve moved to the Mineralogy Department in Saint Petersburg and worked there till 1867. In 1867, he became a criminal medicine expert in Tiflis. There, he used not only chemical, but also early photographical (1885) methods for criminal analysis. He had also participated in the chemical analysis o mineral springs of the area, in particular of the Matsesta spring in Sochi in 1886.
Dye was born in Amory, Mississippi, one of three sons, to James and Lynn Dye, a furniture manufacturer and homemaker. He was introduced to acting by playing the role of the youngest von Trapp child in a school production of The Sound of Music at Cleveland High School (CHS) in Cleveland, Tennessee. He performed as a trombonist in the CHS band program. While performing at Tupelo High School as Friedrich von Trapp, the eldest son, again in The Sound of Music Dye found himself bitten by the acting bug. After graduation, he enrolled at Mississippi State University in hopes of becoming a civil rights lawyer. After a year at Mississippi State University, he decided to become an actor, and was advised against it by his great-grandmother. He transferred to Memphis State and majored in theater.
Connie Brockway was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota but spent several years in suburban Buffalo, New York. Her family returned to Edina, Minnesota where she attended high school. In 1976, Brockway received a B.A. from Macalester College in St. Paul, Minnesota. She met her husband, David Brockway, while earning an M.A. in Creative Writing at the University of Minnesota. They have a daughter. The couple currently live in Minnesota.
Leah Price is the daughter of American anthropologists Richard Price and Sally Price. Price graduated summa cum laude from Harvard College in 1991 with an A.B. from the Department of Comparative Literature. She was also elected to Phi Beta Kappa and was recognized with a Hoopes Prize for her thesis ``Lery and Cervantes.'' http://www.people.fas.harvard.edu/~lprice/cv%5B1%5D.pdf.htm.pdf
Dr Ganesh Nana attended high school at Heretaunga College where he completed all of his college years. Following this he decided to stay in Wellington and attend Victoria University of Wellington where he completed his BCA in 1981 and a BCA with honours the following year. After gaining a lot of work experience he completed his PhD in 1999. His thesis title was An inter-industry computable general equilibrium model with dynamic investor and consumer behaviour.
Sometime after Wolsey's arrest and death in November 1530, Thomas Wynter went to study at the University of Padua, at the King's expense. When he returned to England in about 1535 penniless, he was financially assisted by Queen Anne Boleyn, Wolsey's former adversary.
Dave Dennis (born 20 January 1986 in Sydney) is a national representative rugby union footballer who plays professionally for the New South Wales Waratahs. He was educated at Richmond High School in Sydney, when he played in the Australian Schoolboys Rugby team in 2004. His debut for the Waratahs was against the New Zealand Super 14 rugby team, the Crusaders, in the 2007 Super 14 rugby season, as a flanker.
Phil Jaye was born and raised in a predominately Italian community near Columbus Square Playground, 11th and Federal Streets in South Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Phil, the son of Thomas Patelmo and his wife Philomena did everything from selling papers and delivering milk to fixing shoes to help support his family after his parents divorced. Thomas and Philomena had another son, Andrew. Phil attended South Philadelphia High School.
Alison Goodwin is a contemporary Canadian-American painter. Goodwin was born in Montreal, Quebec on January 16, 1959 and moved to Portland, Maine with her family in 1968. She studied art at the University of Southern Maine and at Maine College of Art (MECA). In 1992 she settled in Montpelier, Vermont.
Amy Warner attended La Cueva High School and was successful at both track and field and soccer. A sprinter during her high school career, she set school records in 100 (12.07), 200 (24.39) and 400 meters (55.16), winning the 100 meter state championship in 1998 and 2000. She also ran the anchor leg of the 400, 800, and 1600 meter relay teams and in her senior year, anchored the state championship 1600-meter relay team to claim the New Mexico State team title by one-quarter of a point.
Harlan Anderson (born 1929) is an engineer and entrepreneur, best known as the co-founder of Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) which at one time was the second largest computer company in the world. Other notable entities he has been associated with include Lincoln Laboratory at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he was a member of the technical staff. He has also served as director of technology for Time, Inc. where he spearheaded their evaluation of the future of the printed word during the explosion of television, long before the Internet existed. He participated in early stage financing for over 20 small technology companies. Anderson was a trustee of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (RPI) for 16 years. He is a member of the Board of Advisors of the College of Engineering at the University of Illinois. He is a trustee of the Boston Symphony Orchestra. Harlan Anderson is the author of the autobiography entitled ``Learn, Earn & Return: My Life as a Computer Pioneer.''
Terry Carr was born in Grants Pass, Oregon. He attended the City College of San Francisco and the University of California, Berkeley from 1954 to 1959.
Dacres was the son of Sir Thomas Dacres of Cheston, Hertfordshire. He matriculated at Exeter College, Oxford on 16 October 1629 aged 20 and was awarded MA on 12 November 1629 when he was ``about to go with his Majesty's ambassador into foreign parts'' He was at Lincoln's Inn in 1631. In 1632 he was awarded MA at Cambridge University. In 1646, Dacres was elected Member of Parliament for Callington in the Long Parliament. He sat until he was excluded under Pride's Purge in 1648.
John Reber was born in South Manheim Township, Pennsylvania. He graduated from the Eastman Business College in Poughkeepsie, New York, in 1875. He taught school for several years and was later employed as a bookkeeper. He served as deputy county treasurer of Schuylkill County from 1882 to 1884. He was engaged in the manufacture of hosiery in Pottsville, Pennsylvania, from 1885 to 1917 and also interested in banking.
Robert Hammond (December 29, 1920-April 16, 2009) earned a BA from the University of Rochester (1942), and both an MA (1947) and PhD (1952) from Yale University. He was awarded a Fulbright Fellowship to France (1949-1950) along with numerous other honors, fellowships and grants. Hammond was an instructor, and then professor of French at the University of Arizona (1953-1967). He later was professor of French at Harvard University (1965-1966), and a visiting professor of French Literature and Cinema at Wells College in Aurora, NY (1967-1968). From 1968, Hammond taught at SUNY-Cortland, where he also served as chair of the International Communications and Culture Department. Upon his retirement in 1988 he moved to Paris, France.
Howard Davis is an American architect, writer and professor of architecture at the University of Oregon in Eugene. A native of New York City, he studied physics at Cooper Union and at Northwestern University and received a master's degree in architecture from the University of California, Berkeley, where he worked with Christopher Alexander. He has worked on projects in the Pacific Northwest, India, England, Mexico and Israel.
Howard McCalebb (b. Indianola, Mississippi, May 13, 1947) is an African American abstract sculptor. He received his M.F.A. in Sculpture from Cornell University in 1972, and his B.A. in Sculpture from California State University at Hayward in 1970. In 1971, he participated in the Hobart School of Welding Technology, 5th Annual Sculpture Workshop in Troy, Ohio. McCalebb has taught fine art at San Jose State University in California; the University of Massachusetts at Amherst and Amherst College,; the University of North Carolina at Greensboro; Rutgers University in Newark, New Jersey; Hunter College, Cornell University, the Graduate School of Pratt Institute, and the Parsons School of Design, in New York City.
Gamani Corea was educated at the prestigious Royal College, Colombo, after which he started his higher education at the University of Ceylon in 1944, before going to study at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge and Nuffield College, Oxford from 1945 to 1952. There he obtained two BAs and MAs from both the University of Oxford and the University of Cambridge, and afterward a DPhil from Oxford.
Alexander De Croo is the son of former Belgian minister and president of the Chamber of Representatives Herman De Croo. In 1998, he graduated in Business Engineering at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel. He attended Northwestern University in Chicago in 2002 to complete an MBA at the Kellogg School of Management.
Gerald W. Smith (born 1 December 1929, Des Moines, Iowa, U.S.) is the American author of ``Engineering Economy: Analysis of Capital Expenditures'' (Iowa State Press) the textbook used by several generations of Industrial Engineering college students from around the world. He is an Emeritus Professor of Industrial and Manufacturing Systems Engineering at Iowa State University in Ames, Iowa where he was a Professor of Industrial Engineering from 1956-1988. He received degrees in Engineering from Iowa State University with a Bachelor of Science in 1952, Masters of Science in 1958, P.H.D. in 1961. His 1958 masters theses was entitled ``The Obsolescence Allowance in Equipment Replacement Decisions'' and his 1961 P.H.D. dissertation ``Regulatory Policies on Liberalized Depreciation and Their Effects Upon Public Utilities.''
After college, Pettis worked as floor runner and camera assistant on feature films in Prague and as an assistant at Jim Henson's Creature Shop in London. He then attended Pacific Oaks College and graduated with a teaching certificate. He worked as an art teacher for the Seattle Public Schools from 1999 through 2006.
Judith Lapierre is a professor in Nursing at the Université du Québec. She studied at the International Space University in France.
Born to Russian-Jewish parents and raised in the Bronx, Marian Zazeela was educated at the Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts and at Bennington College where she studied with Paul Feeley, Eugene C. Goossen and Tony Smith. She earned a Bachelor of Arts degree with a major in painting in 1960.
Morris ``Moe'' Gardner, Jr. (born August 10, 1968) is a former professional American football defensive tackle in the National Football League. He played six seasons for the Atlanta Falcons (1991--1996). Moe Gardner graduated from Cathedral High School in Indianapolis, Indiana. He attended the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign where he went on to become a two-time consensus All-American in 1989 and 1990. He was selected as the only active player named to Illinois' All-Century team in 1990 and ranks second in school history in career tackles for loss. He was named Big Ten Defensive Player of the Year earning the honor in both 1989 and 1990. He was also named as a finalist for both the Outland Trophy and the Lombardi Award. Gardner was drafted by the Atlanta Falcons in 1991. 1993 is arguably considered to be his strongest season. That year, he recorded 128 tackles leading the Falcons`` defensive linemen and finishing second overall on the team.
Bhanu Bharti was born in 1947 in Ajmer, Rajasthan. He graduated from National School of Drama in 1973, bagging the Best all Round student and the best Director awards. Later he studied traditional theatre of Japan at the University of Tokyo. He is also the younger brother of theatre director, and former Director of NSD, Mohan Maharishi.
She was born in Johannesburg in 1948. She studied Afrikaans, Dutch and Fine Arts at the University of the Witwatersrand. Lettie Viljoen's first novel was titled Klaaglied vir Koos (``Lament for Koos''), and was published in 1984. As Lettie Viljoen she published Erf 1986, Belemmering 1990, Karolina Ferreira 1993 (translated into English by the author herself: The Elusive Moth 2005), and Landskap met vroue en slang 1996. As Ingrid Winterbach she published Buller se Plan 1999, and Niggie 2002.
Reit was born in New York City on 11 November 1918 (Armistice Day; this was the source of his middle name ``Victory''). He showed an early talent for art, winning a drawing contest at the age of 12. He attended DeWitt Clinton High School and New York University, where he drew cartoons for humorous college magazines. He graduated at the age of 19 and soon landed a job for $25 a week at Fleischer Studios in Miami. He worked as an in-betweener and inker on the 1939 animated film Gulliver's Travels, and later became a gag writer for the Popeye and Betty Boop cartoon series, among others. He also anonymously produced comic strips for Jerry Iger under the Fiction House label. Reit attended New York University with future Captain Marvel writer William Woolfolk; Reit helped launch Woolfolk's career as a writer of comics by introducing him to Jerry Iger and Will Eisner.
George P. Buell was born in Lawrenceburg, Indiana, in 1833, a first cousin of future Union general Don Carlos Buell. He attended Norwich University in 1856, and later became City Engineer of Leavenworth, Kansas. He then mined for gold and later was a civil engineer in Colorado.
Christina Cox was born just outside of Toronto, the youngest of three daughters. Her two sisters are named Tracey and Melissa. She studied theatre and dance at the Arts York at Unionville High School, and continued her theatre training at the Ryerson Theatre School of Toronto where she studied for two years.
Like many NCAA women's hockey players, Duggan took a year off from school for the 200910 season to focus on making her country's team for the 2010 Winter Olympics. USA Hockey assembled the team for tryouts starting in August, 2009 and Duggan was on the team when the roster was announced in December, 2009. In celebration, her mother hung an Olympic flag outside Duggan's childhood home in Danvers, Massachusetts. Duggan had been working towards the Olympics for a long time, ``I have been making sacrifices the last 10 years, leaving my family to compete at a higher level at a boarding school, and now that dream is less than two weeks away from becoming reality.'' At the Olympics, Duggan played mainly with Gigi Marvin and Natalie Darwitz. She finished the tournament with four goals, as the American team captured the silver medal. At the 2011 IIHF Women's World Championship, Meghan Duggan was among the tournament's top five scorers. Duggan was fifth with seven points (four goals, three assists).
After the First World War, Lilian Bowes Lyon studied for a time at the University of Oxford and then moved to London. She was independently wealthy. In 1929, she met the writer William Plomer CBE and through him, Laurens van der Post. She published two novels, ``The Buried Stream'' (1929) and ``Under the Spreading Tree'' (1931) but thereafter focused on poetry. Lilian Bowes Lyon published six individual collections with Jonathan Cape and a ``Collected Poems'' in 1948. Her ``Collected Poems'' contains an introduction by C. Day-Lewis who noted noted the influences of Emily Dickinson, Hopkins and Christina Rossetti. Her verse appeared in many periodicals and anthologies including ``The Adelphi'', ``Country Life'', ``Kingdom Come'', ``The Listener'', ``The London Mercury, ``The Lyric'' (USA), ``The Observer'', ``Orion'', ``Punch'', ``The Spectator'', ``Time and Tide and ``Poetry'' (USA).
Matt Bell (born 1980) is an American writer. He is the author of How They Were Found (2010) and Cataclysm Baby (2012). He studied at Bowling Green State University, and now lives in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
On July 4, 1946, Stuart was appointed the U.S. Ambassador to China and, in this position, worked in concert with General George C. Marshall to mediate between Nationalists and Communists. After Marshall's departure from China in January 1947, he led the mediation efforts that changed from all-out support of the Nationalist government to mediating the coalition government, to negotiating an understanding with the Communist party When the Nationalist government fled Nanjing, and Communist forces entered the city in April 1949, Stuart maintained the U.S. Embassy in Nanjing. He sought accommodation with the Communist Party in an effort to maintain U.S. presence and influence in China, making contact through a graduate of Yenching University, Huang Hua, who became a member of the Nanjing Military Council.
For more than three decades Diane Falkenhagen has been creating and exhibiting art jewelry. In 1977 she received her B.F.A. from the University of North Texas and in 1981 she received her M.F.A. from the University of Houston. A native Texan, Diane lives and works on west Galveston Island.
Afterwards, he continued his studies in the David Yellin Teachers College in Jerusalem. From 1928--1930 he taught in the Reali school in Haifa. In 1930 he began his studies at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia and in 1931 he enrolled as a student in the department of Near Eastern Studies under Prof. William F. Albright at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore. He received his M.A. in 1934 and his PhD in 1935.
He was the eldest son of Samuel Clarke (1599--1683), and was born at Shotwick, near Chester, on 12 November 1626. He was educated at Peterhouse, Cambridge; and was appointed fellow of Pembroke Hall by Edward Montagu, 2nd Earl of Manchester on 13 March 1644. Refusing to take the engagement of fidelity to the Commonwealth, exacted in April 1649, he was deprived of his fellowship in 1651 (after 3 April).
Melinda Haag graduated in 1983 from the John Muir College of the University of California, San Diego with a degree in Political Science.
Reynolds was born in Vancouver, British Columbia. His father, Jim, is a semi-professional boxer and food wholesaler, and his mother, Tammy, is a retail salesperson. He is of Irish ancestry and was raised Roman Catholic. The youngest of four brothers, he graduated from Kitsilano Secondary School in Vancouver in 1994. He later attended Kwantlen Polytechnic University, also in Vancouver, until dropping out.
At 16, he enrolled in the University of Denver to study chemistry. His interest in astronomy was aroused through a boyhood friend (Edgar Kettering), through observing the solar eclipse of June 8, 1918, and through observing the eruption of Nova Aquilae 1918 (V603 Aquilae). He graduated from the University of Denver in 1920 with an A.B. degree in chemistry and an A.M. degree in chemistry and mathematics in 1921. He also found summer positions in 1922, 1923, and 1924 as research assistant to Harlow Shapley at the Harvard College Observatory. At Princeton University he acquired a second A.M. degree in astronomy in 1923, and in 1924 a Ph.D. in astrophysics for which his advisor was Henry Norris Russell, who inspired his interest in theoretical astronomy. He married Florence Elizabeth Kreager on June 17, 1926 and had two daughters (Suzanne Kay and Elizabeth Ina). He received honorary A.M. and Sc.D. degrees from Harvard University in 1942 and the University of Denver in 1954 respectively. In 1965, Menzel was given the John Evans Award of the University of Denver.
Elen Mon Wayne (born 26 March 1968 in Mydroilyn, West Wales) is a singer and actress. She studied at Aberaeron School, University of Wales, Aberystwyth and the Royal Northern College of Music. She is the recipient of a number of prestigious awards, including the Towyn Roberts Scholarship, the Brigitte Fassbaender award for Lieder and a Sir Peter Moores Scholarship. She studied with Ava June.
Charles Adler, Jr. was a life-long resident of Baltimore, Maryland. At age 14, he formally started his career as an inventor when he received a patent on an electric automotive brake. After high school, he attended Johns Hopkins University and during World War I served briefly in the US Army. In 1919 Adler became associated with the Maryland and Pennsylvania Railroad (better known as the ``Ma and Pa'') and developed a series of safety and signaling devices.
Steve Carlip is an American professor of physics at the University of California, Davis. He is known for his work on (2+1)-dimensional quantum gravity, the quantum gravitational basis of black hole thermodynamics, and causal dynamical triangulations. Carlip graduated from Harvard University with a Bachelor of Arts in physics in 1975. In 1987, he graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, with a Doctor of Philosophy under the direction of Bryce DeWitt. After a post-doctoral period at Institute for Advanced Study at Princeton, he has been teaching -- since 1990 -- at University of California, Davis.
The Company was established in 1996. The name of the company comes from the school; University of California Berkeley. The founder and CEO, Ravi Sethi, received his Ph.D. and MBA from the University of California, Berkeley.
Alfred Guzzetti was born in Philadelphia and attended the public schools there. He earned a BA from Central High School and a second BA from Harvard College. He studied at Birkbeck, University of London, as a Marshall Scholar, and received a Ph.D. in English Literature at Harvard University, where he now teaches.
Flora Payne Whitney grew up at 871 Fifth Avenue in New York City. She attended the Brearley School in New York and Foxcroft School in Middleburg, Virginia, where she met and became close life-long friends with the artist Kay Sage.
In 1990, Yuri Karash was one of the finalists in the Soviet Journalist-in-Space project and a candidate for space flight. In 1992, while already having a Russian Candidate of Sciences degree, he graduated from the Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies (SAIS) at Johns Hopkins University in Washington, D.C. with Masters of International Public Policy degree. The same year he was accepted for Ph.D. studies at the School of International Service in the American University in Washington, D.C. During his studies at SIS he also took classes at the Space Policy Institute at George Washington University. He got his Ph.D. in International Relations with concentration in Space Policy issues in 1997. His dissertation was published by the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics under the title ``The Superpower Odyssey: A Russian Perspective on Space Cooperation''. In 2000, Dr. Karash became a corresponding member of the Tsiolkovsky Russian Academy of Cosmonautics.
Robin Evan Hugh Jones (born 1 November 1955 in London) is a retired British long distance runner. He attended Latymer Upper School in Hammersmith, where he began competing in long distance running both for the school and for Ranelagh Harriers, and the University of Liverpool.
Ricky Gill, a 24-year-old student at the UC Berkeley School of Law and former member of the California State Board of Education, and John McDonald, a technology executive, will run as Republicans. Tony Amador and Brad Goehring, both unsuccessful Republican primary candidates for the 11th district in 2010, may run again. David Harmer, who unsuccessfully challenged McNerney as the Republican nominee in 2010, said in December 2010 that he had no plans to run again.
Micheal O'Siadhail was born into a middle class Dublin family. His father, a chartered accountant, had been born in County Monaghan and worked most of his life in Dublin, and his mother was a Dubliner with roots in County Tipperary. Both of them are portrayed in his work in several poems such as ``Kinsmen'' and ``Promise''. From the age of twelve O'Siadhail was educated at the Jesuit boarding school Clongowes Wood College, an experience he was later to describe in a sequence of poems ``Departure'' (The Chosen Garden). At Clongowes he was influenced by his English teacher the writer Tom McIntyre who introduced him to contemporary poetry. At thirteen he first visited the Aran Islands. This pre-industrial society with its large-scale emigration had a profound impact on him. His earlier work reflects this tension between his love of his native Dublin and his emotional involvement with those outlying communities and which features in the sequence ``Fists of Stone'' (The Chosen Garden).
Graham Dorrington (born in Chalfont St. Giles), is an English aeronautical engineer. He received his PhD from the University of Cambridge in 1989 and was formerly a lecturer at Queen Mary, University of London, though he is now teaching at RMIT University in Melbourne, Australia. He was the main protagonist in the film The White Diamond directed by Werner Herzog (2004).
Sami Shalom Chetrit was born in Errachedia, Morocco. His family moved to Israel when he was 3 years old. He grew up in Ashdod. He received his BA (Literature), MA (political science) and PhD (political science) from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, and his MA in International Affairs from Columbia University in New York.
Bolles grew up in Teaneck, New Jersey, and graduated from Teaneck High School in 1945, where his yearbook described him stating ``Dick's future will be scientific / But in which field he's not specific.'' After a brief stint in the United States Navy, attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology, studying chemical engineering, and Harvard University, where he graduated with a B.A. in Physics, cum laude. He attended General Theological Seminary (Episcopal) in New York City, from which he graduated with a Master's Degree in the New Testament. After ordination, he served as a Fellow and Tutor at the Seminary, and then served churches in New Jersey. Following this, he served as Canon Pastor of Grace Cathedral in San Francisco. He also served on the National Staff of United Ministries in Higher Education for a number of years.
William E. Wallace (1917--2004), known as Ed Wallace to his friends and associates, was a preeminent physical chemist whose career coincided with the golden age of chemistry. He received a bachelor's degree in chemistry from Mississippi College in 1936, and a Ph. D. in Physical Chemistry from the University of Pittsburgh in 1941. As many prominent scientists of his era, he worked on the Manhattan Project during the Second World War, but he returned to the University of Pittsburgh as a faculty member in 1945. He remained there for the rest of his career, eventually becoming the fourth chairman of the chemistry department from 1963--1977, and then a Distinguished Service Professor Emeritus. He formally retired from the university in 1983, but his research continued. He was associated with the Mellon Institute of Industrial Research, and he started a research corporation (Advanced Materials Corporation) in the Oakland section of Pittsburgh with offices on an upper floor of a building on North Bellefield Avenue, midway between the University of Pittsburgh and Carnegie Mellon University. He was accustomed to taking the stairs to his office, sometimes two at a time, while his younger colleagues struggled to keep up with him.
Loren Miller was born 1903, in Pender, Nebraska, to John Bird Miller (born a slave), and to Nora Herbaugh. His family moved to Kansas when he was a boy, and he graduated from high school in Highland, Kansas. Later, he attended the University of Kansas; Howard University; and Washburn University, in Topeka, Kansas, where he earned his bachelor of laws degree in 1928. He was admitted to the Kansas bar the same year, and practiced law there before moving to California to pursue his first interest, journalism.
William Shakespeare was born in England on 16 June 1849. He studied in London, at the Royal Academy of Music with William Sterndale Bennett. Winning the Mendelssohn Scholarship in 1871, he travel led to Leipzig to study with composer, pianist, conductor, and pedagogue Carl Reinecke, but soon left Leipzig for Milan, to study under the guidance of the singing teacher Francesco Lamperti. He appeared in England once again as a tenor in 1875. In 1878, he was appointed as a professor of singing at the Royal Academy of Music. He died in 1931.
Brian Eisner (born ) is an American tennis player and coach. He played collegiate tennis at Michigan State University from 1960 to 1962. From 1963 to 1969, he was the head tennis coach at the University of Toledo. During his 30 years as the head coach of the men's tennis team at the University of Michigan, he led the team to 18 Big Ten Conference championships. He is the winningest tennis coach in University of Michigan history and has been inducted into the athletic halls of fame at both Michigan and Toledo.
Cabral initially attended the University of California at Santa Cruz majoring in political science. In her sophomore year, she met Victor Cabral, a law student at the University of California, Davis; not long after this, she transferred to Davis. Between her sophomore and junior years, the couple was married and Cabral soon left school for a few years to raise a family. During this time, she also managed her husband's law firm.
Born in Freemantle, William Sedgwick was educated at Christ's College, Cambridge and ordained in 1882. He embarked on his career with a curacy at St. John The Baptist, Wateringbury and a short spell as a Naval Chaplain. Later he held incumbencies in Hockley Heath, Vryburg and Bedford, Eastern Cape. From 1897 to 1900 he was Chaplain to the Earl of Home and between 1900 and 1914 he worked in New Zealand, eventually becoming Bishop of Waiapu. His last post was as Vicar of Detling .
Manji was awarded Oprah Winfrey's first annual Chutzpah Award for ``audacity, nerve, boldness and conviction.'' Ms. Magazine named her a ``Feminist for the 21st Century,'' and Immigration Equality gave her its Global Vision Prize. In 2006, The World Economic Forum selected her as a Young Global Leader. She has also been named a Muslim Leader of Tomorrow by the American Society for Muslim Advancement. In May 2008, she received an honorary doctorate from the University of Puget Sound.
His son, Alexander Guttenplan, is a student of natural science at Emmanuel College, Cambridge. He is notable for being the captain of the college's 2009/2010 winning University Challenge team.
Thomas Jipping holds a B.A. from Calvin College as well as an M.A. in Political Science and J.D. from SUNY-Buffalo.
Bruce Egloff (Born April 10, 1965 in Denver, Colorado) is a former professional baseball pitcher in the late 1980s and early 1990s. He played at East High School (Denver), Merced Junior College, and UC-Santa Barbara, and was drafted by the Cleveland Indians in 1986. Egloff pitched mostly in the minor leagues, appearing in only 6 major league games in 1991. His career major league Earned Run Average was 4.76.
Joel John (born France, August 24, 1958) is a former Canadian football player in the Canadian Football League for two years. John played linebacker for the Toronto Argonauts, Oakville Longhorns and Jr. Toronto Argonauts. He was born in the south of France, moved to Trinidad at 2, and then to Canada at 8. He played college football at the University of Toronto. John is also a fifth-degree black belt in Karate/Kung-Fu/Kenpo and was a member of the Canadian Karate Kung-Fu Association (CKKA)http://www.ckka.net/ headed by Master Dave Chong. In July 1989 the Canadian National team, consisting of Andra Sack, John Palitti, Alvin Brown, Heather Alonzo, Tony Consiglio, Kees Kukins, Don James (four times world Tae Kwon Do champion) and several others, entered the World Games held in Karlsruhe, Germany. John won the European heavyweight championships and helped the Canadian team to win the overall team championships in Holland the next weekend. John was also a two-time Canadian heavyweight karate champion (1987 and 1988) also reaching a rank of number two overall rated fighter in Canada for the year 1985 as ranked by Karate Illustrated magazine. John can be seen with his old karate nemesis Billy Blanks in the movies Talon of the Eagle and TC 2000.
Loren Bommelyn is both Tolowa and Karuk. He is a fluent speaker of the Tolowa language and taught for many years at Del Norte High School in Crescent City, California. He earned his Masters Degree in Linguistics from the University of Oregon. After years of studying with Tolowa elders, Bommelyn has published educational material about the Tolowa language. He played a role in convincing the University of California system accept Native American languages as part of its entrance requirements for world language.
Sam Kydd (15 February 1915 -- 26 March 1982) was an Ulster-born English actor. An army officer's son, he was born in Belfast, but moved to London, England when he was a child. He was educated at Dunstable Grammar School in Dunstable, Bedfordshire, England.
Maurice Seezer (born September 1960 in Dublin) is an Irish musician, whose real name is Maurice Jebidiah Roycroft. He has frequently written and composed songs with Gavin Friday, who he first met through a mutual friend. In 1993, he co-wrote ``You Made Me the Thief of Your Heart'' along with Friday and Bono, which was performed by Sinéad O'Connor for the Jim Sheridan Academy Award-nominated film In the Name of the Father. He has also contributed to the original soundtracks of numerous other films, such as Disco Pigs, Short Cuts, Romeo and Juliet, The Boxer, Moulin Rouge and In America. Seezer studied at the Royal Academy of Music and Trinity College, Dublin.
Perry was born in Hackney, Middlesex, the third son of John Perry, sheriff of Essex and shipbuilder, and his second wife, Mary, daughter of George Green. Charles was educated at private schools at Clapham Common and Hackney, then for four years at Harrow, where he played in the school cricket eleven. Perry was a contemporary of Bishop Charles Wordsworth and Cardinal Manning. At Harrow, due to some youthful folly, the headmaster asked Perry's mother to remove him and send him to private tutors. In 1824 he went to Trinity College, Cambridge, where he graduated B.A. (1828) as senior wrangler, first Smith's prizeman and 7th in the first class of the classical tripos. Perry was elected a fellow of Trinity College in 1829, was awarded and M.A. in 1831 and began reading for the bar, but his health broke down, and in 1832 he returned to Trinity College as assistant-tutor and later tutor.
James D. Hardy, Jr. is the former Associate Dean of the Louisiana State University Honors College and a Professor of History at LSU since 1965. He earned his B.A. from Cornell University and his Ph.D. in history from the University of Pennsylvania.
Michael E. Auer received his Ing. degree (1971) and his Ph.D. degree (1975) with a thesis on ``Design and Analysis of ECL Circuits'' from Dresden University of Technology. From 1974-91 he was an assistant professor at the faculties Electrical Engineering and Informatics of this University. From 1991-95 he was with F+O Electronic Systems GmbH, Heidelberg (Head of software department). His research was related to high-speed digital circuits (ECL), real time and network programming, embedded systems, system- and network administration of heterogeneous networks, telelearning/teleteaching, remote working environments. In 1995 Michael Auer was appointed Professor of Electrical Engineering of the School of Electronics at Carinthia University of Applied Sciences, Villach, Austria and has also a teaching position at the University of Klagenfurt. He works as a visiting professor at the Universities of Amman (Jordan), Braşov, (Romania) and Patras, (Greece).
Edward Manning Bigelow was born in Pittsburgh on 6 November 1850. A Presbyterian, he attended Western University of Pittsburgh (today's University of Pittsburgh) as a civil engineering student. In 1880 he married Mary Peabody; they had no children.
The University of Gloucestershire has pursued an environmental sustainability strategy since 1993, and was the first UK university to meet the ISO 14001 environmental management standard. In the People & Planet Green League 2008 published by the Times Higher Education (THE), it was ranked as the greenest university in the UK. The University of Gloucestershire is also an active participant of the ERASMUS programme and the only UK university to be part of the BCA Programme offering semester abroad, most notably with the USA. Simon Pegg, the comic actor and director who plays Scotty in the 2009 revamp of Star Trek, received an Honorary Fellowship from the University of Gloucestershire on the 4th of December 2008, for his contribution to the arts.
Pu Zhiqiang received his Bachelor degree in History from Nankai University in 1986, and LL.M. degree from China University of Political Science and Law in 1991. When he was graduate student, he joined the pro-democracy movement in 1989.
Jerry Buckley is an American cartoonist who has also worked as an art director and a college professor. He received the National Cartoonist Society Advertising and Illustration Award for 1994. Mr. Buckley is a 1950 graduate of Northeast Catholic High School in Philadelphia, PA.
Mark Ledford grew up in Detroit and performed his studies at the Berklee College of Music between 1978 to 1982. After he graduated, Ledford took a job in advertising, while at the same time doing session work with Stephanie Mills, Jon Hendricks, Special EFX, Michael Brecker, Kevin Eubanks, Don Byron, Prince and Bill Evans. Ledford would also later contribute to the soundtracks for the Spike Lee films Mo' Better Blues and Do the Right Thing. In 1986, he began a working relationship with Pat Metheny, appearing live with the Pat Metheny Group and on recordings, such as Secret Story and Still Life (talking). He also worked with Bobby McFerrin's a cappella group, Circle. Between 1990-1992, Ledford taught master classes in trumpet at the Banff Centre in Alberta, Canada. In 1998, he released a solo album, Miles 2 Go, a tribute to Miles Davis.
Xi Qia was an ethnic Manchu of the imperial clan of Aisin Gioro, and a supporter of efforts to create a new Manchu-dominated state in Manchuria after the Xinhai Revolution overthrew the Qing dynasty in China. As a youth, he studied in Japan at the Imperial Japanese Army Academy. He rose to the rank of lieutenant general and commanding officer of the Provincial Army of Kirin Province under the Fengtian clique.
Clifford Ulp was born in Olean, New York in 1885. He attended Rochester's East High School. He continued his studies at the Rochester Athenaeum and Mechanics Institute, or what is now known as Rochester Institute of Technology and graduated in 1908. He also attended the Art Students League in New York City on scholarship. Some of his more well known teachers included Charles Woodbury, Emile Gruppe and William Merritt Chase.
Zena Tsarfin graduated with dual degrees in journalism and political science from Brooklyn College. While attending college, she entered the publishing industry at 19 as an intern for the magazine High Times.
Nicolae Negru was born on October 14, 1948, in Ciutuleşti, Floreşti District. He graduated from the Technical University of Moldova in Chişinău in 1970. Negru is a member of Moldovan Writers' Union and Union of Journalists of Moldova. Nicolae Negru worked for Moldova-Film, ``Nistru-Basarabia'', Literatura şi Arta, ``Columna'' and published in ``Contrafort'', ``Contrapunct'' (Bucharest), ``Convorbiri literare'' (Iaşi)
Keenan-Bolger starred as a munchkin in the Madison Square Garden production of the Wizard of Oz as a very young child opposite Roseanne Barr. She has credits in the national tours of The Will Rogers Follies and The Music Man as well as numerous regional credits and college productions at Oberlin College where she graduated from in 2006 with a BA in Theatre and Gender & Woman's Studies with a minor in Comparative American Studies. She also is one of the founding members of 4th Meal Productions that produces independent plays as well as a YouTube web series entitled The Gifted Girls in which Maggie stars.
Uladzimir Konan (b. 1934, Hrodna, Belarus; d. June 6, 2011) was a Belarusian philosopher. He was born in the Hrodna region of Belarus. He graduated from Belarusian State University's History faculty and worked with the Institute of Philosophy and Law of the Belarusian National Academy of Sciences.
Rasheed Araeen (1935) is a London-based conceptual artist, sculptor, painter, writer, and curator. He graduated in civil engineering from the University of Karachi in 1962, and has been working as a visual artist since his arrival in London from Pakistan in 1964.
Morton was born in Fredericksburg, Virginia. He was the brother of Jeremiah Morton, a U.S. Representative from Virginia. Jackson Morton graduated from Washington College (now Washington and Lee University) of Lexington, Virginia, in 1814 and from the College of William and Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia, in 1815. Morton moved to Pensacola, Florida, in 1820 and engaged in the lumber business.
Joseph Sadan (born January 17, 1939) is emeritus professor of the Department of Arabic and Islamic Studies at the Tel-Aviv University. He has also taught and research at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and research institutions in Europe. He also taught at at Haifa University and Menashe College. Sadan studied at the Hebrew University (1958-1963) where he received his BA and MA degrees (Profs. Joshua Blau, Eliahu Ashtor, M.J. Kister and others). Between 1965 and 1969/70 he worked on his Ph.D. thesis at the Sorbonne in Paris (Profs. Claude Cahen, Charles Pellat and Jeanine Sourdel-Thomine). The subject of the dissertation was furniture in the Middle East in medieval times. In 1989 he was promoted to Full Professor and retired in 2007. He held the Irene Helmus Chair for Arabic Literature until October 2009.
Drafted under the Australian Football League's father-son rule (son of Ricky Barham) with the 61st selection in the 2007 National Draft, Barham is a medium midfielder. He grew up in Barwon Heads and at 6 years of age moved to the suburb of Kew in Melbourne, Victoria. Barham attended Ivanhoe Grammar School, representing the school in football on more than one occasion before moving back to Barwon Heads to complete his Year 11 and 12 VCE studies at Geelong College. He played for Lorne Football Club, where he really started to turn heads for his playing style, which was considered as talented as his father, former Collingwood player, Ricky Barham. After just a few games for Lorne Football Club he was invited to join the Geelong Falcons a team competing in the TAC Cup, and a stepping stone for up and coming AFL players. Jaxson was one of the two over 18 year old players allowed to play for the Geelong Falcons in the TAC Cup under 18 division.
Peter Feldman. Peter toured six seasons with Boris Goldovsky of Goldovsky Institute; He studied at Boston University's opera program 1957--1961. He performed under stage direction by Sarah Caldwell and Boris Goldovsky. He performed at the New York City Opera, among others.
He studied at The George Washington University from 1876 to 1878, and subsequently at his father's alma mater, Harvard University. He excelled academically and was placed in advanced studies- much to the dismay of his peers. In January 1879, he wrote to his father: ``Some of the fellows are angry because I was put in the advanced sections, and they were not, and so they don't come to see me anymore. But I am glad to get rid of them, and I hope that they stay well away'' (Letter to Asaph Hall, Sr.)
Gwyneth Bebb was the plaintiff in Bebb v. The Law Society, a test case in the opening of the legal profession to women in Britain. In 1911 she graduated from St Hugh's College, Oxford, with a first in jurisprudence. At that time women were not awarded degrees at Oxford, although they could take the examinations. In 1913 advocates of women in the legal profession selected Bebb for a test case for the cause; the case was known as Bebb v. The Law Society. When Bebb applied to sit the preliminary solicitors' examinations she was refused on grounds of her sex by the Law Society, which was the basis for her case. The case was heard on 2 and 3 July 1913, before Mr Justice Joyce in the Chancery Division, seeking a declaration that she was a ``person'' within the meaning of that Act and the amending Acts, and was therefore entitled to be admitted to the preliminary examination of the Law Society. However, the case was dismissed, as the judges determined that women were incapable of being lawyers due to their sex until and unless the relevant laws were changed. It was later dismissed again on appeal. Yet the publicity from her case -- the press was mostly in her favor -- helped the campaign for women's admission to the legal profession in Britain, and in 1919 the passage of the Sex Disqualification (Removal) Act allowed women to be lawyers. However, Bebb herself had her first baby the day after the Act was passed, and died two months after the birth of a second baby in 1921.
Igor Guberman was born in Kharkov on July 7, 1936. After high school, he entered the Moscow State University of Railway Engineering where, in contrast to a number of more prestigious Russian universities, there was not a maximum quota for Jews. In 1958, he graduated with a degree in Electrical Engineering. He worked as an electrical engineer for several years and wrote on the side in his spare time. Toward the end of the 1950s, he was introduced to Alexander Ginzburg, who published Syntax, one of the first samizdat periodicals, as well as to other underground philosophers, writers, and artists. For some time he worked as a secretary to the great Russian poet David Samoylov, and also as a ghostwriter for hire.
He was born in a place called Sharpsville, Pennsylvania to Scott Pierce and Mabel Marvin. Marvin was a 1916 graduate of Miami University, Oxford, Ohio. His ancestor, an early New England colonist, was also an ancestor of Franklin Pierce, the 14th President of the United States. At Miami University, where he was a member of Beta Theta Pi Fraternity, he was nicknamed ``Monk'' and was a stand-out athlete in football, basketball, baseball and tennis. He was inducted into Miami's Athletic Hall of Fame in 1972.
Born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, to Harry and Yetta (Lesser) Kitz, he grew up with older sister Hildred Kitz (Silver) and younger brother Joe. He attended Halifax's Protestant school system (there being no state-supported school for non-Christians) and graduated from the Halifax Academy. He attended Dalhousie University, where he studied law, graduating from Dalhousie Law School in 1938.
Leon Shamroy, ASC, was born in New York City on July 16th, 1901. He was educated at Cooper Union (1918), City College of New York (1919-1920), and Columbia University (where he studied mechanical engineering). A product of a practical-minded family, after school young Leon often worked in one of his uncle's offices as a junior draftsman. Eventually he became an engineer himself, but left the field due to inadequate remuneration. Some of Leon's family migrated to California and became affiliated with D.W. Griffith. In 1920, Leon joined them at the Fox lab to help with the laboratory work and went on the spend thirteen years as a struggling technician.
He was born in Nainital on January 5 1934, hailing from the Kumaon Hills region of Nainital northern India which today form a part of the state of Uttarakhand. Joshi had his early education in Chandpur, District Bijnore and Almora (currently part of Uttarakhand). He completed his B.Sc. from Meerut College and M.Sc. from Allahabad University. Here one of his teachers was Professor Rajendra Singh, who later became RSS Sarsanghchalaks. He did his doctorate from Allahabad University. The subject of his doctoral thesis was Spectroscopy. He was the first scientist to submit his thesis in Hindi.
Tony Fairbrother was educated at Bablake School in Coventry, Melton Mowbray Grammar School, and the de Havilland Aeronautical Technical School.
Julian Woolford is a British theatre director, producer and writer. He was educated at the University of Kent and Bristol Old Vic Theatre School.
He was born in Margaree Forks, Nova Scotia, the son of Samuel Campbell and Ann McDonald. Campbell was educated at Harvard College. He was first elected to the provincial assembly in an 1872 by-election held after S. McDonnell resigned his seat. In 1874, he married Elizabeth Smyth, the daughter of Peter Smyth, who had previously sat for Inverness in the provincial assembly. Campbell died in office at Port Hood.
In 1941--1949 years Yuri Belov studied at the Leningrad Secondary Art School under the All-Russian Academy of Arts.
Louise Hulland (born 6 September 1979 in Burnley, Lancashire) is an English television and radio presenter. Louise was educated at Clitheroe Royal Grammar School and St. Chad's College, University of Durham where she graduated with a 2:1 in Theology.
Lloyd Dangle graduated from Ann Arbor Huron High School in 1979, and attended the University of Michigan School of Art, graduating with a BFA in 1983. He was editor and contributor to the U of M's Gargoyle humor magazine.
Kyl was born in Oakland, Nebraska, the son of Arlene Pearl (née Griffith) and John Henry Kyl, a teacher at Nebraska State Teachers College. His father served as a Congressman from Iowa after moving his family to Bloomfield, Iowa. After graduating from high school in 1960, Kyl attended the University of Arizona where he earned a bachelor's degree in 1964, graduating with honors. Kyl is a member of the Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity. He then earned a law degree in 1966 at the University of Arizona's James E. Rogers College of Law, and served as editor-in-chief of the Arizona Law Review. Before entering politics, he was a lawyer and lobbyist with Jennings, Strouss & Salmon in Phoenix, Arizona.
His mother was Matilda, daughter of Rev. William Marsh. He was educated at King's College London, and Trinity College, Oxford.
From 1972-73, Louise Arbour was research officer for the Law Reform Commission of Canada. She then taught at Osgoode Hall Law School, York University, first as a Lecturer (1974), then as Assistant Professor (1975), Associate Professor (1977--1987), and finally as Associate Professor and Associate Dean (1987). She also was Vice-President of the Canadian Civil Liberties Association until her appointment to the Supreme Court of Ontario (High Court of Justice) in 1987 and to the Court of Appeal for Ontario in 1990.
The Daily Render by Nikolas R. SchillerA periodically updated art blog by map artist Nikolas Schiller. Created in May 2004, the author uses the blog format to post renderings of arabesque aerial photographs of cities throughout the United States of America. The format employed is that of a portfolio that tangentially includes art criticism, upcoming gallery exhibits, publications, videos, and social commentary. The Dump by Maurice Benayoun About the Dump Blog by the French new media artist Maurice Benayoun Barbara Robertson writes in the magazine Computer Graphics World : The Dump... ``is a collection of his ideas. Hundreds of ideas. ``Everyone can come and take them and do them if they want''.(...) in December 2008 ``Benayoun submitted ``The Dump'' as his PhD thesis and became, arguably, the first artist to use a blog to qualify for a doctorate degree''. ``Of all his work, ``The Dump'' is the simplest form of digital art, but also the most accessible and most interactive. It is neither virtual nor augmented reality, or perhaps it's both, but with it, Benayoun might have created the newest of all new media. At least, for now.`` Edward Winkleman New York dealer Edward Winkleman's blog features discussions about art, politics, and culture. Winkleman is noted for offering advice to emerging artists. Winkleman Gallery is located in the Chelsea arts district in New York City. Eyeteeth.org Founded in Jan. 2003, Eyeteeth: A Journal of Incisive Ideas focuses on the interstices of art, media, activism and politics. It is written by Paul Schmelzer, founding editor of the Walker Art Center blogs and contributor to the Royal Society of Arts' book ''Land, Art: A Cultural Ecology Handbook.`` He has written on art for Adbusters, Cabinet magazine, the Minnesota Independent, Raw Vision, The Outsider, Thing.net, Version magazine and others. Gibbs Cadiz Plays and Film critic Gibbs Cadiz is based in the Philippines. He is also an editor for the Philippine Daily Inquirer. John Haber Art BlogNew York-based John Haber writes and blogs about art in an accessible, journalistic prose to write online reviews and essays about topics ranging from the early Renaissance to Postmodernism, with more than 5,000 links between reviews. His Haberarts blog and hyperbook was founded in 1994 and currently features over 850 artists, critics and art historians. Of special interest is the connection of art to feminism, philosophy and politics. Hrag VartanianA contemporary online flaneur explores the New York art world. Hrag Vartanian was born in Aleppo, Syria, raised in Toronto, Canada, and currently lives in Brooklyn, New York. He is a writer, critic and designer who regularly contributes to AGBU News Magazine, Ararat Quarterly, Boldtype, The Brooklyn Rail and other publications. He is currently Director of Communications at AGBU, the world's largest Armenian non-profit organization. i love video Video Artist and blogger Bo Lee curates a collection of art videos. It is updated on a nearly daily basis and one of the few that showcases primarily film and video art'. Joanne Mattera Art Blog Although her blog description reads ''Guaranteed Biased, Myopic, Incomplete and Journalistically Suspect,`` Joanne Mattera maintains a site that reports responsibly and in some depth on art shown in New York City and elsewhere, including the Miami art fairs. Mattera is a painter who divides her time between Manhattan and Massachusetts. jameswagner.com New York-based James Wagner writes about art and politics. He is the editor, along with Barry Hoggard, of the New York weekly arts calendar ArtCat. Joanne Mattera Art Blog Although her blog description reads ''Guaranteed Biased, Myopic, Incomplete and Journalistically Suspect,`` Joanne Mattera maintains a site that reports responsibly and in some depth on art shown in New York City and elsewhere, including the Miami art fairs. Mattera is a painter who divides her time between Manhattan and Massachusetts. Modern Art Notes Modern Art Notes, maintained by Tyler Green covers modern and contemporary art issues and criticism. Green attended the University of Missouri, where he majored in journalism. He is a member of the United States section of the International Association of Art Critics (AICA) and lives in Washington, DC. Forbes magazine once named MAN a ''Best of the Web`` site, and publications such as the New York Times, the Los Angeles Times, the Wall Street Journal, Time, the Detroit Free Press, the Boston Globe, the Denver Post, the Seattle Post-Intelligencer, Slate, and Art in America have all featured MAN. Modern Art Obsession MAO is maintained by a young modern-art-obsessed collector who is a member of the Guggenheim Photography Acquisition Committee. Mustikka a fresh blog about contemporary art: artists, art fairs, architecture, exhibitions, galleries. Myartspace Blog Is an art blog maintained by art critic and writer Brian Sherwin for the artist social networking site Myartspace. The blog focuses on art news, advice for emerging artists, and is home to an ongoing interview series involving artists, gallerists, and art critics from throughout the world. Notable interviewees include Vito Acconci, James Rosenquist, and Michael Craig-Martin. Several of Sherwin's interviews have been featured on the Juxtapoz website. NEWSgrist NEWSgrist, maintained by artist Joy Garnett, began in March 2000 as an e-zine devoted to the politics of art and culture in the digital age. For four years it was distributed entirely by email subscription. Garnett currently serves as Arts Editor at Cultural Politics, a contemporary culture, politics and media journal. New England Journal of Aesthetic Research Greg Cook's Journal focuses on New England art news, reviews, and artists. Greg Cook is part of the new wave of ''underground`` cartoonists pushing the boundaries of contemporary comic books by experimenting with styles and subject matter that go beyond traditional newspaper gag strips and superhero pamphlets. His subjects range from history to comedy to fictional dramas about day-to-day life. He has published his comics in Nickelodeon Magazine, Tower Records' Pulse magazine, The Believer, New Art Examiner, Arthur, Non, L'Association's Comix 2000 and other publications. OrbisPlanis http://orbisplanis.blogspot.com The masthead and logo for the blog, showing two people at an art museum, represent the central idea, which is to report, share, and have a conversation about all things related to art. The mission is to inspire us all to be better artists. PORT Co-founded in 2005 by Jennifer Armbrust and Jeff Jahn (who still maintains the site) PORT focuses on critical content related to the Portland art scene. PORT describes itself as ''dedicated to catalyzing critical discussion and disseminating information about art as lensed through Portland, Oregon.`` In the November 2007 Art in America roundtable Plagens described PORT as, ''the closest thing to the virtues (paid critics, office help, etc.) of a print art magazine on the Internet....`` In 2007 Tyler Green described PORT as, ''The undisputed champ of the regional art blogs.`` on Off Center, the Walker Art Center's blog.
David Spaulding was born in Philadelphia, where he graduated from Germantown High School (1968) and Temple University (1972). At Temple, he earned a BA majored in Mathematics and was an ROTC cadet. Following graduation, he was a commissioned a second lieutenant in the U.S. Army in the Field Artillery branch, and was stationed at Ft. Sill, Oklahoma and with the 25th Infantry Division at Schofield Barracks, Hawaii. He served on active duty for almost five years, which included a year as an operations research analyst. While stationed in Hawaii he earned his MS in Systems Management (1976). Spaulding later earned his MBA in Finance at the University of Baltimore (1981) and is currently pursuing his doctorate in finance at Pace University.
Norman Longmate is an English author and military historian. He went to Worcester College, Oxford, where he read Modern History.
Lisa Sousa was born 1962 in Sebastopol, California. She attended the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) as an undergraduate, completing a B.A. in Latin American studies in 1990. Her postgraduate studies in Latin American history were also undertaken at UCLA, where her research focused on the history and experience of women and indigenous cultures in colonial-era Mexico.
Grant Thomas was the MP for Hamilton West for 1990--1993, and a Hamilton City Councillor from 1995 - including as Deputy Mayor. Councillor Thomas was educated at Southwell School and Hamilton Boys' High School.
Johnny Young was born on February 6, 1940 in Savannah, Georgia and grew up in Philadelphia. He graduated from Temple University with a bachelor's degree in 1966 and later went into the American Academy of Diplomacy before joing the U.S. State Department. He received a position as Budget and Fiscal Officer in Antananarivo, Madagascar followed by assignments in 1970 and 1972 as s supervisory General Services Officer in Conakry, Guinea and Nairobi, Kenya. In 1974, he was transferred to Doha, Qatar to provide administrative support to the newly expanded American embassy and the first American ambassador to Qatar. While in Qatar, Young served as Administrative Officer and Charge d' Affaires. After Qatar, he was assigned as the Administrative Counselor for Bridgetown, Barbados.
Julia Britton was born Hilda Hartt in Romiley, Cheshire in 1914, the daughter of Richard and Elizabeth Hartt . She attended Withington Girls' School and later, the University of Manchester graduating with a Bachelor of Arts in 1930. She moved to South Africa six years later, where she worked as a journalist. It was during these years that she began to experiment with writing for the theatre, beginning with her un-produced play ``The Jacky Hangman''. In 1939 she married musician/composer Philip Britton in Capetown before they emigrated to Adelaide, South Australia with their three children in 1967 when he was appointed to the Elder Conservatorium, University of Adelaide, as the Lecturer in Music Education.
The film Hoppla! was awarded a Sole d'Oro in Italy and the Grand Prix Vidéo Danse in Sète (1989). The film Rosa has been distinguished by a Dance Screen Award, got a Special Jury Commendation in the Black and White Short Film Competition at the Film Festival in Cork and was selected for the 49th Mostra Interazionale d'Arte Cinematografica in Venice (1992). In 1994 in Lyon a Dance Screen Award was offered to the film Achterland (1994), while the film Rosas danst Rosas obtained the Grand Prix International Vidéo Danse in 1997 and the special prize of the Jury of the International Festival of Film and New Media on Art in Athens in 1998. In 2000, the short film Tippeke got the Grand Prix Carina Ari of the Festival International Media Dance in Boulogne-Billancourt. Furthermore, in June 1995, Anne Teresa De Keersmaeker received the title of Doctor Honoris Causa at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel. In March 1996 the government of the province of Antwerp awarded her the Eugène Baie prize, and in May 2000 she was awarded by the French Republic the ``Officier dans l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres'' title. In 2002 she received the annual award of the Gabriella Moortgat Stichting and la médaille de Vermeil from the City of Paris and a medal ('Erepenning') of the belgian flemish government. In 2004 she was awarded the ``Keizer Karelprijs'' by the province of Oost Vlaanderen. In 2008, she became - again in France - ``Commandeur de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres''.
Victor Harold Finney was the son of John T Finney of Sunderland. He was educated at Durham University where he obtained his BA degree in Modern History in 1922 and his MA in 1925. In 1928 he married Aileen Rose Whitely-Gallagher whose family originated in County Cork.
Robert Alexander was born in Brooklyn on the 21st of November 1943. He spent most of his early life there, eventually working as a freelance photographer and photographer's assistant from various addresses, including Remsen Street in the downtown area of the city. He studied Art History at the University of Pennsylvania from 1961 to 1965 (but did not graduate) and did brief stints at the New School for Social Research (film production) and at the School of Visual Arts (16mm film editing). By the early seventies, Alexander had moved to Manhattan and had begun his work as a freelance photographer, though he continued to assist other photographers for several years. He also worked as a commercial photographer, doing catalogues and advertising for jewelry and clothing manufacturers.
Julian Roberts was educated at King Edward's School, Birmingham and Magdalen College, Oxford, where he started reading Classics, but switched to English in his first year.
Baraka was born Everett LeRoi Jones in Newark, New Jersey, where he attended Barringer High School. His father, Coyt Leverette Jones, worked as a postal supervisor and lift operator. His mother, Anna Lois (née Russ), was a social worker. In 1967 he adopted the African name Imamu Amear Baraka, which he later changed to Amiri Baraka.
After early studies with Stanley Hollingsworth, Harold Boatrite was awarded a fellowship to the Tanglewood Music Center where he studied composition with Lukas Foss and took part in the orchestration seminars of Aaron Copland. In 1961 he was invited by Rudolf Serkin to be composer-in-residence at the Marlboro Music Festival.
Barry Hannah's fictions contains situational humor that spawns a large gamut, from the Surreal humour to the grotesque and black humor. His first publication was a story that was placed in a national anthology of the best college writing when he was a student at the University of Arkansas. Soon after this, Hannah says he wrote his first truly good story, ``Mother Rooney Unscrolls the Hurt,'':
Born at Oakland, one of the Nelson family plantations, in the village of Beaverdam in Hanover County, Virginia to John Page and Elizabeth Burwell Nelson. He was a scion of the prominent Nelson and Page families, each First Families of Virginia. Although he was from once-wealthy lineage, after the American Civil War, which began when he was only 8 years old, his parents and their relatives were largely impoverished during Reconstruction and his teenage years. In 1869, He entered Washington College, known now as Washington and Lee University, in Lexington, Virginia when Robert E. Lee was president of the college. Robert E. Lee also served as the model figure of Southern Heroism in Page's literary works. After three years, Page left Washington College before graduation for financial reasons. To earn money for the law degree he desired, Page taught the children of his cousins in Kentucky. From 1873 to 1874, he was enrolled in the law school of the University of Virginia in pursuit of a legal career. At Washington College and thereafter at UVA, Nelson was a member of the prestigious fraternity Delta Psi, AKA St. Anthony Hall.
In 1903, he began teaching at the Jewish Theological Seminary of America (JTS) in New York City, where he taught until his death. Throughout his life, all of his works were infused with the belief that Judaism and Jewish history could not be understood properly without a firm grasp of Halakhah. Instead of just studying Halakha, Louis Ginzberg wrote responsa, formal responses to questions of Jewish law.
The son of a prominent cleric of the same name, Elisha Payne was born in Canterbury, Connecticut on March 7, 1731. He graduated from Yale University in 1750, studied law, and attained admission to the bar. In addition, Payne was a partner with his brother in law in a successful mercantile business.
Paul Lewis (born 1966) received a Bachelor of Arts from Wesleyan University in 1988 and a Master of Architecture from Princeton University School of Architecture in 1992. He is a fellow of the American Academy in Rome and the winner of the 1998-1999 Mercedes T. Bass Rome Prize in Architecture. He is an Assistant Professor and Director of Graduate Studies at Princeton University School of Architecture. Paul is a Board Member of the Architectural League of New York. Marc Tsurumaki (born 1965) received his Bachelor of Science in Architecture from the University of Virginia School of Architecture in 1987 and a Master of Architecture from Princeton University School of Architecture in 1991. He is an Adjunct Professor of Architecture at Columbia Graduate School of Architecture, Planning and Preservation. He was the Fall 2006 Louis I. Kahn Visiting Assistant Professor at Yale University. Marc has been a Trustee of the Van Alen Institute since 2002. David J. Lewis (born 1966) received a Bachelor of Arts from Carleton College in 1988, a Master of Arts in the History of Architecture and Urbanism from Cornell University in 1992, and a Master of Architecture from Princeton University School of Architecture in 1995. David is as Associate Professor of Architecture at Parsons The New School for Design, where he served as Director of the Master of Architecture program from 2002-2007. David Lewis is also a Secretary on the Board of Trustees for the Van Allen Institute.
Bo Bartlett was born on December 29, 1955 in Columbus, Georgia. At the age of 19 he traveled to Florence, Italy where he studied under Ben Long. In 1975 he returned to the United states, where he studied at the University of the Arts in Philadelphia, and then the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts. He also studied anatomy at the Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine. During his time in Pennsylvania, Bartlett apprenticed under Nelson Shanks. Bartlett then went on to study liberal arts at the University of Pennsylvania from 1980 to 1981.
An international human rights attorney and ordained Unitarian Universalist minister, Reverend Karen I. Tse works with Rule of Law initiatives across the globe. Tse received her Master's degree from Harvard University School of Divinity, and received her J.D. degree from the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA) School of Law. She obtained her Bachelor's degree from Scripps College.
John Sirica was born in Waterbury, Connecticut to Ferdinand and Rose Zinno Sirica, both of whom were Italian immigrants. He moved to D.C. in 1918, where he attended Emerson Preparatory School and eventually transferred to Columbia Preparatory School. Sirica received his J.D. from the Georgetown University Law Center after doing undergraduate work at Duke University.
William Clay Matthews III (born May 14, 1986) is an American football linebacker for the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League. He was drafted by the Packers 26th overall in the 2009 NFL Draft. He played college football at the University of Southern California.
Gaia moves to New York City as a freshman in high school. At school she meets Ed Fargo, a paraplegic in a wheelchair, who becomes her best friend and falls in love with her. However, Gaia falls in love with Sam, a college student at New York University, while competing in a chess match with him after school. Sam is dating Heather, though, a popular and shallow girl who Gaia's rival at school. Loki takes Sam as hostage, but Gaia saves Sam's life. Heather breaks up with Sam and begins dating Ed. Heather's older sister Phoebe goes to rehab for anorexia and Heather breaks up with Ed. Gaia sees Mary (her best friend) and Ella (her foster mother) get killed by Loki (Oliver Moore). Sam and Gaia begin to date. George Niven (Gaia's Foster dad, and long time friend of Tom Moore) ends up working for Loki and betrays Tom Moore, then George Niven gets killed by Loki. Josh (Sam's dormitory RA) is introduced to the series and starts to date Heather. Josh creates stress on Sam, which ruins Sam and Gaia's relationship. Loki contacts Gaia and attempts to go to Europe with her. Josh ``kills'' Sam. Loki is caught by Tom Moore (Gaia's dad) and the police. Loki is sent to jail but he soon escapes. Tom Moore moves in with Gaia. Josh is revealed to work for Loki and is actually an illegally cloned human out of four Josh's. Josh 1 gives Heather a fearless serum (that Loki created) to make her fearless but the side effects eventually backfire and Heather becomes blind, she is sent off to a blind school. Heather befriends Gaia after Gaia saves her from murder, and the two become strong friends. Heather leaves for the majority of the series after this part. Ed undergoes a surgery and is no longer paraplegic. Natasha and Tatiana are introduced into the series. They are a Russian mother and daughter who move in with Gaia and Tom. Ed and Gaia begin to date and have sex, after which Ed is almost killed by an assassin and they both become distant from each other. Natasha (Tom Moore's love interest) and Tatiana (Natasha's daughter)move in to live with Gaia and Tom. Loki takes his own fearless serum and falls into a coma after a showdown with Josh, Gaia and Tom. Afterwords Gaia, Ed, Tom, Natasha and Tatiana have a dinner together for good luck and well being. Tom soon falls into a coma shortly after eating and is kidnapped while at the hospital recovering. He becomes missing and is presumed to have been captured by a mysterious organization operating out of Loki's control. This leads into the second story arc.
Walt Rostow was born in New York City to a Russian Jewish immigrant family. His parents, Victor and Lillian Rostow, were active socialists and their three sons, Eugene Victor Debs Rostow, Ralph Waldo Emerson Rostow and Walt Whitman Rostow, were named after Eugene V. Debs, Ralph Waldo Emerson, and Walt Whitman. Rostow entered Yale University at age 15 on a full scholarship, graduated at 19, and completed his Ph.D. there in 1940. He also won a Rhodes Scholarship to study at Balliol College, Oxford, where he completed a B.Litt. degree. In 1936, during the Edward VIII abdication crisis, he assisted the broadcaster Alistair Cooke, who reported on the events for the NBC radio network. After completing his education he started teaching economics at Columbia University.
Hermann Giesler completed his architectural study at the Academy for Applied Arts in Munich. Starting from 1930 he worked as an independent architect. In 1933 he became master of building of districts in Sonthofen and 1937, became a professor.
Jamia Millia Islamia was founded at Aligarh on October 29, 1920, as an institution of higher Western style education managed entirely by Indians without any British support or control. The Jamia Millia Islamia was the brainchild of Maulana Muhammad Ali, Dr. Mukhtar Ahmed Ansari, and Hakim Ajmal Khan. Muhammad Ali was the first Principal of the College, but due to his intense political activism, he decided to abdicate in favor of his close friend and associate, Abdul Majeed Khwaja. The young and dynamic Zakir Hussain was the most prominent student leader of the Mohammedan Anglo Oriental College to join the Jamia at its very inception and formation, and his zeal and commitment to the cause led him to join the staff as an honorary instructor. In this critical period the greatest measure of moral and material support came from Gandhiji through his generous disciple, G.D.Birla. But there were other sources of much needed sustenance also, such as Hakim Ajmal Khan, Dr. Mukhtar Ahmed Ansari, and several dedicated teachers at the Jamia, like Maulana Aslam Jairajpuri, Shafiqur Rahman Kidwai, Kalat Sahab and Aqil Sahab among others. In 1925, with Ghandhiji's and Hakim Ajmal Khan's concurrence and blessings, Abdul Majeed Khwaja shifted the Jamia from Aligarh to Karol Bagh, Delhi and handed over charge to Dr. Zakir Hussain, who had just returned from Germany after completing his higher studies in Economics. After the death of Dr. Mukhtar Ahmed Ansari in 1936 the mantle of the Chancellorship of the Jamia fell on the shoulders of Abdul Majeed Khwaja. A responsibility he shouldered till his death in 1962. In line with his family tradition Abdul Majeed Khwaja took great interest in the affairs of his alma mater, Aligarh Muslim University. He was a generous donor and served on the Aligarh Muslim University Executive Council for many years.
Crispian Hollis, Bishop of Portsmouth, was educated at Stonyhurst College and ordained on 11 July 1965.
L. Londell McMillan is an entertainment attorney based in New York City. He graduated from Brooklyn Technical High School in 1983 and Cornell University in 1987.
Inspired by Oisín Kelly, his art teacher at St Columba's College, Michael Warren studied at Bath Academy of Art, at Trinity College, Dublin and, from 1971-75, at the Accademia di Brera in Milan. He now lives and works in Co. Wexford.
Rainer Mauersberger (born March 3, 1957) is a German astronomer. His main field of interest is observational molecular spectroscopy of the interstellar matter in galactic and extragalactic star forming regions; millimeter and sub-millimeter astronomy. He currently works as a Commissioning Scientist in the ALMA project. He received his PhD from the University of Bonn using the Max Planck Institute for Radio Astronomy Effelsberg 100-m Radio Telescope to measure ammonia throughout the galaxy. The galactic and extragalactic cold interstellar medium remained his main field of investigation while he was working at the Sub-mm Telescope Observatory in Arizona and Pico Veleta Observatory in Granada (Spain), where he served as the station manager for nine years.
Shedrack Anderson III (born February 4, 1977) is an American actor. Shedrack Anderson III appeared in the hit teen series Just Deal as the lovable Jermaine Green. He starred as Tommy in Lifetime's Gracie's Choice alongside Diane Ladd and Anne Heche. He made his film debut as one of the Lost Boys in Steven Spielberg's Hook. He then starred in Warriors of Virtue 2, and guest starred on the television series Boston Public, The Parkers, Hollywood Lives, Hip Hop Massive and The Division. Anderson is a recurring star on Disney's hit show Phil of the Future. Anderson attended the Los Angeles County High School for the Arts, where he was honored with the Emerging Artist of the Year Award from PBS. After high school, he attended the Juilliard School in New York, where he became interested in dance. He was a member of Ballet Hispanico of New York and became an assistant choreographer for Alvin Ailey American Dance Theatre. Shedrack has starred in many films,tv shows and documentaries.Shedrack wrote, directed, and stars in the upcoming film Blood River with fellow lost boy Dante Basco. He was also a lead in the third series of The Rookie, a spin-off of 24 Shedrack began his own production company in 1999 to produce his own films.
Blake House named after Sir. Peter Blake (KBE) who was appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1995. Blake received an Honorary Doctorate from Auckland University of Technology in 2000. Blake died in 2001 when he was murdered while monitoring environmental change in the Amazon River in Brazil. The current Dean is Ms. S. Watson. The house colour is black.
Together with Sir Ove Arup he was given the Silver Medal of the Institution of Structural Engineers and he received that Institution's Gold Medal in 1988. He was knighted (Knight Bachelor) in 1989. He received an Honorary Doctorate of Science from the University of Western Ontario in 1993 and an Honorary Doctorate of Engineering from the University of Glasgow in 1994. He was made an Honorary Fellow of the Royal Institute of British Architects in 1990 and an Honorary Fellow of Trevelyan College, Durham University in 1996.
Michael Laing (born in Durban, South Africa) taught chemistry at the University of Natal, Durban from 1964 until he retired as Professor of Inorganic Chemistry in 1997. He graduated from the University of California, Los Angeles in the field of x-ray crystallography, specializing in the determination of molecular structure. He has published papers on bonding, coordination compounds, and molecular geometry; and many articles in US and UK about the periodic table, and chemical education.
Martha Friedman is a sculptor and college professor residing in New York City. Her work has been exhibited throughout the world in both solo and group exhibitions. Her primary exhibitor is Wallspace in New York. She has taught classes at The Cooper Union, Pratt Institute, Princeton University, Rutgers University, Wesleyan University, and Yale University.
Alfred Darlington (born Alfred Weisberg-Roberts) is a music producer based in Los Angeles, California. Daedelus pioneered using the Monome in conjunction with Max/MSP for live performances. He is a part of the groups Adventure Time and The Long Lost. He is currently signed to the Ninja Tune label but has released material with a number of labels, including: Plug Research, Mush, Laboratory Instinct, Eastern Developments, Phthalo, Merck, Big Dada, Soul Jazz, Distill, Hefty, Bit Of Heaven, Temporary Whatever, Stones Throw, Alpha Pup, Eat Concrete, Proximal Records, Friends Of Friends, Warp and Flying Lotus' label, Brainfeeder. He is also a founding DJ at the internet radio station Dublab. He attended the University of Southern California Thornton School of Music.
Murrow holds a B.A. from Yale University and an M.Ed. from Antioch University. On behalf of his family, he is the executor of the literary estate of his father, Edward R. Murrow.
Eu Chooi Yip (余柱业) was born in Kuantan, Malaysia. He came to Singapore with his sister to study. He attended Victoria School while his sister went to Nanyang Girls' High School. Eu was a brilliant student and was one of the top graduates at Raffles College.
Rosemary Dunleavy (born, New York City) studied ballet with Bella Malinka and Nina Popova at the High School of Performing Arts. After graduation she attended the School of American Ballet and in 1961 joined New York City Ballet. She performed in the premieres of George Balanchine's A Midsummer NIght's Dream, Harlequinade, Don Quixote and Jewels. In 1971 she retired from dancing and became Balanchine's full-time assistant balletmistress, and since 1983 she has been City Ballet's balletmistress.
Matheson Bayley (born 15 December 1978, Chertsey, Surrey, England), is a British pianist, composer, orchestrator, singer and television host. He studied commercial composition at the Royal Academy of Music, London. Having worked as a musical director of musical theatre in London's West End, and as a composer/arranger for television, he is particularly noted for his album ``Native Hue'', recorded with Cypriot singer Alex Panayi; and for having presented the Eurovision Song Contest behind-the-scenes documentary, ``Magic Moments'' in 2006 and 2009.
Mohammed bin Hamad bin Mohammed Al Sharqi is a graduate of Webster University, London
Philip Napier Miles JP DLitt h.c. (Bristol) (21 January 1865 -- 19 July 1935) was a prominent and wealthy citizen of Bristol, UK, who left his mark on the city, especially on what are now its western suburbs, through his musical and organizational abilities and through good works of various kinds. He was the only son of Philip William Skynner Miles (1816--1881), a major developer of the docks at Avonmouth, who was the eldest son of Philip John Miles (1773--1845) by his second marriage to Clarissa Peach (1790--1868), and Pamela Adelaide Napier, daughter of the soldier (distinguished in the Peninsular War) and military historian General Sir William Francis Patrick Napier. He was therefore half-nephew of Sir William Miles, 1st Baronet, half-cousin of Sir Philip John William Miles, 2nd Baronet, both Conservative politicians, and cousin of the fashionable portrait painter Frank Miles. He was educated at Harrow School and Oriel College, Oxford, and was sheriff of the City of Bristol in 1915-16.
Laura Zirbes (April 26, 1884, Buffalo, New York - June 9, 1967, Columbus, Ohio) was an American educator. Zirbes was a vital figure in education and reading instruction. Zirbes began her teaching career at an elementary school in Cleveland from 1903 to 1919, and then went on to work at the experimental Lincoln School at Teachers College, Columbia University from 1920 until 1926. She finally earned her doctoral degree from Columbia University in 1928. In the years leading up to her retirement (1928-1954) she taught at Ohio State University. In all her teaching years combined, she taught for 61 years, including summer sessions until 1964. During so many years of teaching, Zirbes endured some of the most important issues affecting education in the United States throughout the twentieth century. In Cleveland, she taught a class of fifty-six fourth graders that were all children of immigrants. During her time at Columbia, she listened to Edward L. Thorndike, John Dewey, and William Bagley discuss the value of testing, and heard Bagley argue with William Heard Kilpatrick about Kilpatrick's Project method. Zirbes coauthored many articles with William S. Gray. Her dissertation made her one of the country's experts on teaching children to read. She never really considered herself an expert at reading because she did not believe in isolating one subject from other subjects. Zirbes founded the laboratory school at Ohio State, this school continued under her influence for over thirty years. She believed children learned things best when their interest was high. Zirbes supported the child-centered approach only if the teacher had a good understanding of the skills she wanted the children to learn, and carefully lead her class in that direction. The next step in learning was to provide good learning experiences that would enlarge children's understanding and their vocabulary. Zirbes believed that numerous other elements contribute to learning. The first, that the lesson should be meaningful to the child, and second, that learning should be intrinsically motivating. The final two elements of learning, as Zirbes saw it, were that the lesson should stimulate thinking and lastly it should be integrated with other subjects. As Zirbes neared retirement, critics like Arthur Bestor attacked her beliefs on education. Her answer to this criticism came in the form of a book, Spurs to Creative Teaching (1959). She died on June 9, 1967 in Columbus, Ohio.
Vernon L. Odom, Sr. was an American civil rights leader. He was born in Biscoe, Arkansas, on June 9, 1921 to Dr. Elijah and Sadie Odom. His father was born into slavery in 1859 and later became a physician. In 1949, he graduated from Morehouse College in Atlanta, Georgia. Thereafter he earned a master's degree in social work from Atlanta University.
Saji Surendran was born in Nedumanagad Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala.Did schooling at Lourdes MOunt School. He completed his bachelor's degree from Mahatma Gandhi College, Trivandrum. When he was studying there, he also acted in TV Serials along with working as a director's assistant. His brother Aji Surendran also acted in some TV Serials.
Cameron Leslie, MNZM (born 17 January 1990 in Whangarei, New Zealand) is a New Zealand paralympics swimmer, most notable for his performance at the 2008 Summer Paralympics, winning a gold medal in the men's 150 m individual medley, in which his time of 2:33.57 broke the previous world record by over a second. Leslie is currently a student at Auckland University of Technology and has a quadruple limb deficiency. Leslie says he may leave swimming to play wheelchair rugby in later games.
Derek Buckner grew up in Brooklyn, New York. He went on to study at Vassar College and received his B.F.A. from The School of the Art Institute of Chicago. He has exhibited in New York, Chicago, Italy, Mexico, East Hampton, and Santa Fe. His work is in numerous private and corporate collections in this country and abroad. His most recent show at the George Billis Gallery in New York was reviewed favorably in the New Yorker, The New York Sun as well as other publications. He has also received reviews in the New York Times and the LA Times and was recently selected by Charlotta Kotik of the Brooklyn Museum for a juried exhibition of young painters.
Howard R. Barr (1910 -- 2002) was a prominent twentieth-century architect in Austin, Texas. He received his degree from the University of Texas at Austin in 1934. Upon graduation, he worked in the University architect's office, where his first project was the design of housing units for the new U.T. observatory in West Texas.
The exact time of John Thomson's birth is unknown, but he studied at the University of Glasgow in 1706. He was licensed by the Presbytery of Armagh on June 23, 1713. He came to America and was ordained by the still fledgling Presbytery of Philadelphia in 1717. He served the Lewes, Delaware Presbyterian Church. He served that congregation until 1729. He was elected as Moderator of the New Castle Presbytery in 1718, and Moderator of the Synod of Philadelphia in 1719 and again in 1722. Thomson then served as the pastor for Middle Octorara from 1730 to 1733 when he left because the congregation had difficulty paying him. He received a call to Chestnut Level, Pennsylvania where he served from 1733 to 1744. During the disruption caused in the church by the Great Awakening, John Thomson stayed with the Old Side Synod of Philadelphia as one who opposed the Awakening. Thomson then went to be a missionary and church planter in the backwoods of Virginia. He settled in Buffalo, Virginia in 1744 and ministered there until 1750. He then served as a missionary to North Carolina from 1751 until his death in 1753.
Danny Klam was born in Orange, Texas, on July 1, 1981, and raised in Houston, Texas. He is the oldest of three children. He is the son of Kemdy and Linda Klam. Klam attended Gregory-Lincoln Education Center and Lamar High School (Houston, Texas) before he enrolled at the University of Houston. He worked as a car salesman for Toyota, after taking some time off from school.
Qiangba Puncog was born in Qamdo, Tibet in May 1947. He graduated from Chongqing University, and he joined in the Communist Party of China in 1974.
Jeffery Cohelan (June 24, 1914 -- February 15, 1999) was a United States Representative from California. He was born in San Francisco, California and attended the public schools and San Mateo Junior College. He earned his B.A. from the University of California's School of Economics. He was a Fulbright research scholar at Leeds and Oxford Universities in England in 1953 and 1954.
Managing director of the Huskies was Lew Hayman, coach and general manager of the Alouettes and future president of the Toronto Argonauts and the Canadian Football League, who had been a star basketball player at Syracuse University. Charles Watson was team president. Ben Newman and Salter Hayden were the other co-founders. Annis Stukus was also a member of the front office. Future all-star Ed Sadowski began the season as player-coach and was initially the team's top player. Three weeks into the season, with the team off to a poor start, the Star reported that the players had divided into two or three cliques that rarely spoke to each other. Sadowski's coaching was openly questioned and, just a month after the first game, he quit the team. After four games with interim coaches-- Hayman coached one game, and Huskies player Dick Fitzgerald ruled the bench for three games-- Hayman hired former Major League Baseball player Red Rolfe, who had also been coach of Yale University's basketball team.
Brenda Miller Cooper (28 February 1916, Cleveland, Ohio -- 3 April 2008, Baltimore, Maryland) was an American operatic soprano. She studied voice at Case Western Reserve University earning a bachelor's degree in music, after which she pursued graduate studies at the Juilliard School where she earned a Masters in vocal performance. She made her professional opera debut with the Philadelphia Opera Company (billed as Brenda Miller) on November 29, 1943 as Micaëla in Georges Bizet's Carmen with Alice Howland in the title role, Joseph Laderoute as Don José, Giovanni de Surra as Escamillo, and Sylvan Levin conducting. Later that season she returned to that house to portray the title role in Giacomo Puccini's Tosca and Rosalinde in Johann Strauss II's Die Fledermaus.
In 1986-7 David Engel received Outstanding Lecturer honours at Tel Aviv University; in 1996 he was given the Golden Dozen Award for Excellence in Undergraduate Teaching at New York University.
Andrew Eaton is a film producer and the recipient of several awards including the British Independent Film Award Producer of the Year 2000. He was educated at Campbell College, Belfast and Churchill College, Cambridge, graduating with a BA in 1982. His film, In This World won the 2004 BAFTA Award for Best Film not in the English Language. His other credits include:
Taylor Hooton was a student and baseball player at Plano West Senior High School in Plano, Texas, who, in July 2003, committed suicide.
Richard Kanter was born in Chicago in 1935. He began his oboe-playing career at the age of 14 in 1949, as a student of Robert Mayer, English horn player of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra. After four years, Mr. Kanter was admitted to the Curtis Institute of Music, where he studied with Marcel Tabuteau and John de Lancie. Upon graduating from Curtis, Mr. Kanter joined the U.S. Navy Band for four years. During those years he traveled to every state in the continental United States.
Morison was born in London, England, where his father was stationed during World War II. His paternal grandfather, Samuel Eliot Morison, was a distinguished naval historian, a Rear Admiral in the Naval Reserve and Harvard University professor. Morison spent much of his younger years in New York and Maine. He attended Tabor Academy, a college preparatory school in Massachusetts and graduated from the University of Louisville in 1967.
Peter Bladen, (1922 -- 2001) was an Australian poet born at Perth. He was later educated at the University of Western Australia, and the University of Melbourne. He travelled extensively through Australia, working in the 1960s as a journalist and writer, including writing for The Mavis Bramston Show. In the 1980s moved to Turkey, where he became a Muslim and took the name Yusuf Bladen-Pryor.
Rupert Russell is an English playwright, actor, and comedian, and a member of the comedy troupe The Hollow Men. Rupert Russell was educated at Emmanuel College, Cambridge. He is the author of the play Moving Parts and has also written for the radio show Dead Ringers.
Dick Standish (born August 26, 1942) is an award-winning reporter who joined KYW-TV in 1979 after working at sister radio station KYW-AM since 1967, working at the station's New Jersey bureau. Standish, a Rutgers University graduate, also has taught some journalism courses at his alma mater. He retired on May 1, 2008.
Al Stubblefield holds a Master of Science degree from the University of Alabama in Birmingham, Alabama, and earned his bachelor's degree from Mississippi College in Clinton, Mississippi.
Richard Coughtrie (born 1 September 1988, North Shields, Northumberland, England) is an English cricketer, a wicket-keeper-batsman who currently plays for Gloucestershire. He made his first class debut for Oxford UCCE against Worcestershire in April 2009. Coughtrie is currently studying at Oxford Brookes University. Coughtrie signed a two-year contract with Gloucestershire in November 2010.
Grace Andreacchi was born and grew up in New York City. She was educated at the Academy of Mount St. Ursula High School, and went on to study theatre at the Stella Adler Studio. A brief period on the stage was followed by the study of philosophy, first at Hunter College (New York City), and then at Harpur College (Binghamton, New York). In her final year she received a fellowship to study at Bedford College, London. During this time she specialised in the philosophies of ancient Greece and medieval Europe, as well as additional studies in Chinese philosophy and freudian thought. Her early marriage (1976) to Edward Hadas has resulted in three children. Since 1989 Andreacchi has lived in Europe, moving first to Paris, and later to Berlin (1994--1998) and London, where she now resides. In 2008 she founded Andromache Books, a writers' cooperative, to publish literary fiction and poetry.
Aaron Cassidy was born in Illinois. He received a Bachelor of Music degree, with distinction, from Northwestern University's School of Music in Evanston, Illinois, where his main instructors in composition were Jay Alan Yim, Alan Stout, and Michael Pisaro. He went on to study composition with David Felder and Jeffery Stadelman at the University at Buffalo (SUNY) where he received a Ph.D. in 2003. He also participated in masterclass and lessons with composers including Richard Barrett, Chaya Czernowin, Brian Ferneyhough, Jonathan Harvey, Alvin Lucier, and Tristan Murail, among others.
Stefan Sarnowski graduated from University of Warsaw, and in 1964 obtained his magister degree for the work Marksizm i darwinizm w etyce Kautskiego (Marxism and Darwinism in Kautski's ethics), with Marek Fritzhand being the supervisor. After receiving his doctorate, Stefan Sarnowski started working as adjunct at the same university.
Gayle Conelly Manchin (born June 20, 1947) is the wife of U.S. Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia and served as West Virginia's First Lady from 2005 to 2010. She grew up in Beckley, West Virginia and graduated from Woodrow Wilson High School. She received a Bachelor of Arts in Language Arts and Education and a Master of Arts in Reading from West Virginia University. In 1967, she married Joe Manchin and settled in Fairmont, West Virginia, having three children. In 1999, Salem International University awarded her second Master's degree, in Educational Technology Leadership.
Frith Banbury was born in Plymouth, Devon, on 4 May 1912. He was the son of Rear Admiral Frederick Arthur Frith Banbury and his wife Winifred (née Fink). While attending Stowe School, Banbury rejected his father's naval background by refusing to join the Officer Training Corps, later becoming a conscientious objector and serving in the Friends' Ambulance Unit. He went on to attend Hertford College, Oxford, though he left after one year without obtaining an academic degree. He trained for the stage at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art alongside Joan Littlewood, Rachel Kempson, Robert Morley, and Peter Bull. Banbury died on May 14, 2008, at the age of 96.
Parker T. Williamson is editor emeritus of the Presbyterian Layman newspaper. He earned the Master of Divinity at Union Theological Seminary in Richmond, VA (where he studied under John H. Leith). While there, he joined two classmates in marching with Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr to Selma, AL in order to encourage Civil Rights legislation. Upon graduation from seminary, he matriculated at Yale Divinity School, where he earned a Master of Philosophy in Christian Ethics.
Hartog was born in 1851, the second son of the Professor Alphonse Hartog (d.1904) and Marion (née Moss) (1821-1907), younger brother of Numa Edward Hartog and elder brother of Sir Philip Joseph Hartog, Academic Registrar of London University and Vice-Chancellor of the University of Dacca. Hartog was educated at the North London Collegiate School, University College, London, and Trinity College, Cambridge, where he took a first class in the National Science Tripos in 1874, and then went out in the same year to Ceylon as assistant to the Director of the Royal Botanic Gardens there -- a post that he held for three years. On his return he became demonstrator, and afterwards lecturer, in natural history at Owens College, Manchester, and in 1882 he began an association of more than 40 years with the educational life of Cork. For 27 years he was Professor of Natural History in Queen's College, Cork (1882-1907). there and in 1909 he proceeded to the chair of Zoology in University College, Cork. When in 1921 he vacated the appointment, Dr. Hartog was made Emeritus Professor.Professor Marcus Hartog died in Paris on 21 January 1924.
Heather H. Howard was the 14th Commissioner of the New Jersey Department of Health and Senior Services. Ms. Howard's tenure had been defined by her work to strengthen New Jersey's health care delivery system and improve maternal and child health. Prior to becoming Commissioner, Howard served for two years at Policy Counsel for Governor Jon S. Corzine, and previously as his Chief of Staff while he was a U.S. Senator. Howard also worked for President Bill Clinton on the Domestic Policy Council, and as Senior Policy Adviser to First Lady Hillary Clinton. She was also in the Honors Program at the U.S. Department of Justice's Antitrust Division -- Health Care Task Force. Howard earned her J.D. cum laude from New York University School of Law and has a B.A. cum laude in History and Spanish from Duke University.
Adam Thirlwell (born 1978) is a British novelist. He was educated at the independent Haberdashers' Aske's Boys' School, Elstree. He is assistant editor of Areté, an arts tri-quarterly. He also writes a column for Esquire magazine.
James A. Woods (born 30 October 1979) is a Canadian actor. He trained at New York City's Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute before returning to his native Montreal to pursue an acting career. Woods starred in Hatley High, distributed in Canada by Seville Films and winner of Best Director and Best Screenplay awards at The Comedy Festival. Additional film credits include the TVA Films theatrical release Eternal and the Ed Solomon directed Levity. He also starred in The Watch (2008).
Stephen Sommers was born in Indianapolis, Indiana and grew up in St. Cloud, Minnesota where he attended St. Cloud Apollo High School. He is a 1980 graduate of Saint John's University in Collegeville, Minnesota, and the University of Seville in Spain. After graduating, he spent four years performing as an actor in theater groups and managing rock bands throughout Europe. He eventually returned to the United States and moved to Los Angeles, where he attended the USC School of Cinematic Arts for three years, earning a master's degree and writing and directing the award-winning short film Perfect Alibi.
Melanie Rae Thon (born 1957) is an American writer, ``widely regarded as one of the most original stylists writing fiction today.'' Thon has received grants from the National Foundation for the Arts, the Ohio Arts Council, and the Mrs. Giles Whiting Foundation. She has taught at Emerson College, Syracuse University, University of Massachusetts Amherst, Ohio State University, and the University of Utah in Salt Lake City. Born in Montana, Thon currently resides in Salt Lake City, Utah.
Paul Hendricks was born in 1956 in Beckenham, Kent. He attended Corpus Christi College, Oxford, gaining in 1977 a degree in Physics. After working at the GEC Hirst Research Centre in Wembley, he began his studies for the priesthood at the Venerable English College, Rome in 1979, and was ordained priest in 1984 by Archbishop Michael Bowen.
Born in Scarborough, Maine (then a district of Massachusetts), King attended Phillips Academy, Andover, Massachusetts, and was graduated from Columbia College, New York City, in 1794. He studied law. He served as private secretary to Rufus King when he was United States Minister to England in 1796. He completed law studies in Biddeford, Maine. He was admitted to the bar in 1797 and commenced practice in Saco, Maine. He served as major general of the Sixth Division, Massachusetts Militia. He was one of the founders of Thornton Academy, Saco, Maine.
Taras Natyshak is a Canadian politician, who was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario in the 2011 election. He represents the electoral district of Essex as a member of the Ontario New Democratic Party caucus. Natyshak studied political science and labor studies at the University of Windsor, and prior to his election, served as Director of Training for the Laborers' International Union of North America (LIUNA).
Nikolai Vogel was born in 1971 in Munich. He attended school in Landsberg am Lech. After his A-levels he studied German literature, philosophy and computer science at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich. Subsequently he worked as Web developer and writer. In 1993 he founded the publishing house Black Ink Verlag together with Kilian Fitzpatrick. From 1996 to 2000 Vogel and Fitzpatrick organized the See-Lesungen (Readings on the lake) at the Kleinhesseloher See in the Englischer Garten of Munich. In 2004, Vogel participated at the Open Mike of Berlin and the Ingeborg Bachmann Prize in Klagenfurt, Austria.
A native of Nogales, Arizona, Christine McIntyre was one of five children. A classically trained singer, McIntyre received a Bachelor of Music degree at Chicago Musical College in 1933. It was here that she developed her operatic soprano voice, which would be put to good use in several Three Stooges films in the 1940s. McIntyre began singing in feature films at RKO Pictures, and made her film debut in 1937's Swing Fever. She then appeared in a series of B-westerns featuring the likes of Ray Corrigan and Buck Jones. She appeared with dark hair in these early roles, and also appeared occasionally in ``mainstream'' feature films (like 1939's Blondie Takes a Vacation). She sang songs such as ``The Blue Danube'' and ``Voices of Spring'' in a Vienna-themed short Soundies musical film, and her performance was singled out as the best of the inaugural series. Her singing in this soundie may have given the Three Stooges the idea of using ``Voices of Spring'' in their short film Micro-Phonies.
Declan Donnellan (born 4 August 1953) is a British theatre director and writer. He is co-founder of Cheek by Jowl theatre company. In 1992 he received an honoris causa degree from the University of Warwick and in 2004 he was made a Chevalier de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres for his work in France. In 2010, he was made an honorary fellow of Goldsmiths College, University of London.
Amanda Adams (born September 12, 1976) is an American author and archaeologist. She is also a former fashion model and was featured in the 1996 Buffalo Jeans campaign. She attended University of California, Berkeley, Department of Anthropology in the late 1990s and completed her degree with the Kroeber prize. She then obtained a Master's degree in archaeology from the University of British Columbia, Vancouver. Her thesis was titled Visions Cast on Stone, abstracts were published in the journal The Midden.
Dr. Vincent J. M. Di Maio is an American pathologist and a nationally renowned expert on the subject of gunshot wounds. Di Maio is a board-certified anatomical, clinical and forensic pathologist, and a private forensic pathology consultant. He attended St. John's University and the State University of New York (SUNY), and received postgraduate training at Duke University, SUNY, and the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner of Maryland.
Adragon De Mello (born 1976) graduated from the University of California, Santa Cruz with a degree in computational mathematics in 1988, at age 11, at the time the youngest college graduate in U.S. history (a record since broken by Michael Kearney).
Siegfried Seidl was born in Tulln an der Donau (Tulln on the Danube), then part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, nowadays in Lower Austria. After completed his secondary schooling at the Oberschule, Seidl started a Law study. After three semesters he interrupted his studies and took on various odd jobs. From 1935 until 1938 Seidl studied history and German studies at the University of Vienna. He obtained his PhD in 1941 but this title was taken away from him in 1947. On 2 March 1939 Seidl married Elisabeth Stieber, a former teacher in a kindergarten, member of the NSDAP, the NS-Frauenschaft (NSF: National Socialist Women's League, literally NS-Womanship) and supporting member of the SS.
Robert Hough (born 1963, Toronto) is a Canadian author. Hough graduated from Queen's University at Kingston in 1985. Following a career as a free-lance magazine journalist, Hough published his first novel titled The Final Confession of Mabel Stark, in 2001.
James Riordan learned to speak Russian during National Service training in the Royal Air Force in 1955--57. In 1960, he graduated in Russian Studies at the University of Birmingham, before qualifying as a teacher at the London Institute of Education.
Metaform grew up in Los Angeles in a musical household. His Dad played Leonard Cohen, Simon & Garfunkel, and Ravi Shankar records, while Mom listened to Whitney Houston and Curtis Mayfield. His parents divorced in 1988 and soon after he moved to San Francisco with his mother and three sisters. He spent the year of 1998 as an intern at Spark Studios in Oakland, California, in which time he had experience working with E-40, Tone Capone, and Scarface. He spent the year of 1999 shipping records for TRC distribution at which time he delved deeper into the already buzzing Bay-Area Hip-Hop scene. From 2000-2005, he worked as a free-lance sound engineer and worked with many high-profile acts including: DJ Jazzy Jeff, Afrika Bambaataa, Pharcyde, Hieroglyphics, Living Legends, Goapele, Zion I, and many others. He graduated from San Francisco State University in 2005 before moving back to Los Angeles and then to Tokyo.
John Olive (born March 1, 1955 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is a former American basketball player and coach. Olive attended Bishop Eustace Preparatory School, in Pennsauken, New Jersey, then played collegiate basketball at Villanova University, where he graduated in 1977.
Daniel Donnelly is a reporter for GWN7, based in Bunbury, Western Australia. He graduated from Curtin University with a Bachelor of Arts, majoring in Journalism, in 2010, after previously graduating from Mazenod College, Perth, in 2007.
Chris Agee was born on 18 January 1956 in San Francisco and grew up in Massachusetts, New York and Rhode Island. During the last three years of secondary school, he attended Phillips Academy (Andover), before spending a year of French language study at the Université d’Aix-en-Provence, in the South of France. He then attended Harvard University, where he studied with the poet and translator Robert Fitzgerald, and the Brazilian philosopher Roberto Mangabeira Unger. He took Fitzgerald's renowned prosody seminar and wrote his senior thesis on W.H. Auden, also under the former's supervision. His Harvard friends included Mira Nair, Julie Agoos and André Aciman. During the summers of 1977 and 1978, he worked as a research assistant in Ireland for the American non-fiction writer Robert Coles, who was preparing a series of articles on the Northern Troubles. In June 1979, he graduated cum laude with a BA in American Literature and Language. Since 1979, just after graduation, he has lived in Ireland.
Forrest was born at Picton, near Bunbury in Western Australia, the son of William and Margaret Forrest. He was educated at the government school in Bunbury under John Hislop, then completed his education at Hale School in Perth.
Stacy Leeds earned her MBA from the University of Tennessee Executive MBA program, her Master of Laws degree from the University of Wisconsin and her Juris Doctor degree from University of Tulsa. She earned her Bachelor of Arts degree from Washington University in St. Louis.
Hans van Abeelen (20 November 1936 -- 21 August 1998) was the first Dutch behaviour geneticist. He obtained his M.Sc from the University of Groningen and his Ph.D. from the Catholic University of Nijmegen in 1965, where he stayed for the rest of his career as ``wetenschappelijk hoofdmedewerker''. He was a founding member of the Behavior Genetics Association and served on the editorial board of its journal, Behavior Genetics from its creation in 1971 to 1992. Van Abeelen took early retirement in 1991, but nevertheless became one of the founding members of the International Behavioural and Neural Genetics Society. Over the span of his career, he published 64 articles and book chapters and edited one book, The Genetics of Behaviour, which was an early overview of European behaviour genetics.
After having attended the Latin school in Dordrecht, he studied at the University of Leiden, where he excelled at mathematics and law. He received his doctorate from the University of Angers in 1645. He practiced law as an attorney in The Hague as an associate with the firm of Frans van Schooten. In 1650 he was appointed leader of the deputation of Dordrecht to the States of Holland, the year that stadtholder William II of Orange died. In 1653 De Graeff have made De Witt a 'Grand pensionary' of the States of Holland. Since Holland was the Republic's most powerful province, he was effectively the political leader of the United Provinces as a whole. That is why the raadpensionaris of Holland was also referred to as the Grand Pensionary -- in many way similar to a modern Prime Minister.
Chris Myers (born September 15, 1981 in Miami, Florida) is an football center for the Houston Texans of the National Football League. He was originally drafted by the Denver Broncos in the sixth round of the 2005 NFL Draft. He played college football at the University of Miami. He is a graduate of Miami Palmetto High School.
Raymond E. Wyant was Chief Judge of the Provincial Court of Manitoba, Canada. He was appointed as a judge in 1998 and made chief judge in 2002 and acted as such until 2009. Wyant received his law degree from the University of Manitoba. Before being appointed to the bench, he worked both as a defence lawyer and as a crown attorney. He has taught courses in Criminal Law and advocacy at the University of Manitoba.
Roland Renne, born on December 12, 1905, was the third of five children born to Fred Christian Renne and Caroline Augusta (Young) Renne. Roland grew up on the family's truck and dairy farm in the remote Pine Barrens of southern New Jersey. As a boy, Roland helped his father on the farm and attended country schools. With the financial help of his father, he attended Rutgers University and graduated summa cum laud in 1927. He continued his education and obtained his Ph.D. in Agricultural Economics from University of Wisconsin in 1930. Rutgers University and University of Wisconsin are both land-grant schools and each influenced the development of Roland Renne's educational philosophy and championing of public education. There were two economists who heavily influenced Dr. Renne; the economist Richard T. Ely, who in 1892 was a founder of the Wisconsin University School of Economics, Political Science and History, and the economist John R. Commons, who was Ely's assistant and a pioneering historian on the U.S. Labor Movement.
Stuart H. Singer is an American attorney, the managing partner of the Boies Schiller & Flexner law firm's Fort Lauderdale, Florida office. He specializes in complex business litigation and represents clients such as NASCAR, Carnival Cruise Lines, Florida Power & Light, and Tyco International. He was a law clerk for Justice Byron White of the United States Supreme Court from 1981 to 1983. He graduated in 1981 from Harvard Law School, where he served as Editor & President of the Harvard Law Review. He received his bachelor's degree in 1978 from Northwestern University, where he won the National Collegiate Debate Championship. He is listed in LawDragon's 500 Leading Lawyers in America. He is the co-author, with David W. Quinto, of Trade Secrets: Law & Practice (Oxford University Press, 2008).
Niki de Saint Phalle was born in Neuilly-sur-Seine, Hauts-de-Seine, near Paris, to Count André-Marie Fal de Saint Phalle (1906--1987), a French banker, and his American wife, the former Jeanne Jacqueline Harper (1908--1980). She had four siblings, and a double first cousin was French novelist Thérèse de Saint Phalle (Baroness Jehan de Drouas). After being wiped out financially during the Great Depression, the family moved from France to the United States in 1933, where her father worked as manager of the American branch of the Saint Phalle family's bank. Saint Phalle enrolled at the prestigious Brearley School in New York City, but she was dismissed for painting fig leaves red on the school's statuary. She went on to attend Oldfields School in Glencoe, Maryland where she graduated in 1947. During her teenaged years, Saint Phalle was a fashion model; at the age of sixteen, she appeared on the cover of Life magazine (September 26, 1949), and, three years later, on the November 1952 cover of French Vogue.
Caraway was born on December 23, 1905 in Jonesboro, Arkansas to Hattie Caraway, the first woman to be elected to the United States Senate and Thaddeus H. Caraway, also a Senator. He graduated from Georgetown University and was admitted to the bar in 1933. He practiced law in Heber Springs, Arkansas from 1965 to 1968 and then taught at Benjamin Franklin University in Washington, D.C.
Meidl attended El Camino College, a junior college in Torrance, California before transferring to California State University, Long Beach, where he studied business administration. He later went on to the University of Southern California, where he earned an MBA. The two-time Olympian recently established the Cliff Meidl Foundation--a California non-profit organization (501(c3))-- to advocate educational awareness, promote the sport of kayaking, and recognize individuals for exceptional effort, courage, and achievement in the midst of challenging circumstances.
Sidney Faithorn Green was born in Kent in 1841. he studied at Tonbridge School and Cambridge University. Green was ordained a priest of the Church of England in Manchester in1866, and served as a Curate in Swinton until his appointment as incumbent of St John the Evangelist, Miles Platting, Manchester. He was a follower of the Oxford Movement who celebrated the Eucharist in the style of Anglo-Catholicism, see Anglican Eucharistic theology.
Charles Rounds attended Philips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts from 1960 to 1964 and Gresham's School, in Holt, England from 1964 to 1965 as part of an English-Speaking Union exchange scholarship. He then became an undergraduate student at Columbia University, earned a BA, and enrolled in Suffolk University Law School where he received a Juris Doctor in 1976. Later he received a certificate in German from the Defense Language Institute in Monterey.
Gonzalo P. Curiel received his Bachelor of Arts Degree from Indiana University in 1976. He received his Juris Doctorate from the Indiana University School of Law in 1979. He served in private practice, first at James, James & Manning from 1979 to 1986 and then at Barbosa & Vera from 1986 to 1989. He served as an Assistant United States Attorney in the Southern District of California from 1989 to 2002 and in the Central District of California from 2002 to 2006. While in the Southern District, he served as Chief of the Narcotics Enforcement Division from 1999 to 2002, having previously served as Deputy Chief. Curiel was appointed Judge of the Superior Court of San Diego in 2007, which position he currently holds.
Baby Dayliner (AKA Ethan Marunas) is a musical recording and performing artist from and based out of New York City. He was born and raised in New York City, and went to Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts, also known as the high school from the 1980 film Fame. He studied at St. John's College in Annapolis, MD but he did not graduate. After varying roles in various bands, Marunas decided to take the stage as a solo act. He became deft at synths, samplers, and recording, and began crafting songs that would come to life as the now legendary Baby Dayliner stage show.
Peter Swerling received a B.S. in Mathematics from the California Institute of Technology in 1947 and a B.A. in Economics from Cornell in 1949. He then attended the University of California, Los Angeles, where he received an M.A. in Mathematics in 1951 and a Ph.D. in Mathematics in 1955. His thesis Families of Transformations in the Function Spaces H^p was advised by Angus Taylor, and investigated families of bounded linear transformations in Banach spaces.
Georgia Bonora (born 19 May 1990) is an Australian gymnast who was born in Melbourne. She began gymnastics at the age of 3. Bonora attended Eltham High School.
The school has produced Tour de France winning cyclist Cadel Evans, motor sport legend Peter Brock, footballer Peter Moore, Victorian cricketer Lloyd Mash, Seven Network newsreader Jennifer Adams, actor and musician Ben Mendelsohn, actress Emily Browning, Australian actress and cinema icon Kerry Armstrong, and Australian comedian and radio / television personality Merrick Watts of Merrick & Rosso. 2008 Beijing Gymnastic Olympian Georgia Bonora also attended Eltham High School.
Gross attended Lincoln High School in Stockton, California and was a student and a letterman in football. Tyronne Gross graduated from Lincoln High School in 2001.
Esther Gordy Edwards was born to Berry Gordy, Sr. and Bertha Fuller Gordy in Oconee County, Georgia. She was the couple's second oldest child and eldest daughter. When she was two years old, her parents moved to Detroit, Michigan. Edwards' younger siblings included sisters Anna, the late Loucye, and Gwen, as well as brothers Fuller, George, Berry and Robert, who was the youngest of the family. Edwards attended Detroit's prestigious Cass Technical High School. She later graduated from Howard University. Esther married Detroit politician George Edwards in 1951, and they have a son, Robert Bullock (whom she had from a previous relationship).
Dorothy Goodman is an American educator closely associated with the charter school movement. She was educated at Bryn Mawr College and received her Ph.D. from the University of London. She founded and served as Director of the Washington International School; launching the school with three 4-year-olds in the basement of her home in 1966 and served as headmistress until 1985, when the school enrolled 530 students, ranging in age from 3 to 18, representing 80 nations.
Frank Corral (born June 16, 1955 in Chihuahua, Mexico) is a former National Football League placekicker from 1978-1981. He attended Norte Vista High School in Riverside, California. He was a part of the Rams' Super Bowl XIV team. He later played with the Chicago Blitz, the Arizona Wranglers and the Houston Gamblers of the United States Football League.
Alexander Laszlo, son of Ervin László, born in Fribourg, Switzerland, received a BA from Haverford College, with a major in International and Comparative Political Science and a minor in Human Physiology. At the University of Pennsylvania he received his MA in History and Sociology of Science, and a PhD in the interdisciplinary field of Science and Technology Policy.
Bernays was the third son and fourth and youngest child of a Church of England clergyman who became Rector first of Stanmore, and later (1924) of Finchley, both in North London. He was educated at Rossall School and Worcester College, Oxford where he was president of the Oxford Union in 1925. After university he became a journalist on the Daily News (which became the News Chronicle in 1930 after a series of newspaper mergers), and practiced the profession until entering government, despite occasional clashes with his employers because of the independent line he took in the internal clashes among Liberal factions in the late 1920s and early 1930s. Finding himself dropped by the News Chronicle after it supplanted the Daily News in the summer of 1930, he traveled with the then leader of the Liberal Party in the House of Lords, William Lygon, 7th Earl Beauchamp, to Australia, and thence, alone, to India. The result was his book about Mahatma Gandhi, Naked Fakir (1931; published as Naked Faquir in the United States in 1932).
Jeffrey Steefel is an American producer of video games and a former actor. He attended University of California, Davis where he earned a degree in drama. Since 2004, he has served as executive producer of The Lord of the Rings Online at Turbine, Inc.
Diane Rodriguez is a prominent American theatre artist who directs, writes and performs. Schooled in activist art, she received her BA in Theatre Arts from the University of California at Santa Barbara. An OBIE Award winning actor, she is known for using comedy to confront various forms of oppression, often with special attention to issues of gender and sexuality. She is a producer and director at Center Theatre Group, Los Angeles and an Artistic Associate of Cornerstone Theater Company. An enduring influence in Chicano theatre, she was born in the 1950s to American parents from farm working families. She co-founded two theatre companies, El Teatro de la Esperanza (Theatre of Hope) and Latins Anonymous, and was a leading actress for the seminal Chicano theatre group, El Teatro Campesino (Theater of the Farmworkers).
Clark G. Fiester was born on January 25, 1934. He was educated at Pennsylvania State University (B.S.) and Stanford University (M.S.). He also later studied at the Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School.
Cox was born at Mulgoa, southwest of Sydney where he played with Aboriginal children and leared from them about native birds and animals. He was educated at the local parish school and the King's School, Parramatta. He was apprenticed to be a physician for three years and learned dispensing at the Sydney Infirmary, acted as a clinical clerk, assisted at post mortems and was present at one of the first operations using chloroform in 1852. He became an assistant to Professor John Smith, the foundation professor of chemistry and experimental physics at the University of Sydney at its original site near Hyde Park, now occupied by Sydney Grammar School and established what became the Sydney Museum next door. He earned an M.D. in 1857 and F.R.C.S. in 1858 at the University of Edinburgh. He married Margaret Wharton in September 1858 and they eventually had four sons and six daughters, one of whom married Montague Bertie, 12th Earl of Lindsey. He was registered as a medical practitioner in New South Wales in February 1859 and developed a lucrative private practice in Sydney.
Reg Prentice was educated at Whitgift School in South Croydon, South London, then at the London School of Economics. He served in Austria and Italy during the Second World War.
May Miller was born in Washington, D.C. to Kelly and Anna May Miller, one of the Millers' five children. Kelly Miller, born shortly after the Emancipation Proclamation, was the first African American student to attend Johns Hopkins University, and later became one of the pioneers of sociology. Miller began writing poetry at an early age, buying a pair of earrings with her first earnings. While attending Dunbar High School Miller studied under the writers Mary P. Burrill and Angelina Weld Grimke. She graduated from Howard University in 1920, where she won an award for her play Within the Shadows. Miller did graduate work in poetry and drama at American University and Columbia University, followed by twenty years teaching English and speech at Frederick Douglass High School, in Baltimore, Maryland. Miller also lectured at Monmouth College, University of Wisconsin-- Milwaukee, and Phillips Exeter Academy.
Jeff Burk was born in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. He attended the Indiana University of Pennsylvania where he studied political science, sociology, and history. In 2008 he moved to Portland, Oregon where he became involved in the Bizarro fiction literary movement. He is a practicing chaos magician and a self-identified anarchist.
Edmund (``Ted'') John Bowen FRS (April 29, 1898 -- November 19, 1980) was a British chemist. Born in Worcester, England, E. J. Bowen attended the Royal Grammar School Worcester. He won the Brackenbury Scholarship in 1915 and 1916 to Oxford University where he studied chemistry. He returned to Balliol College after serving in the Royal Garrison Artillery during World War I and in 1922 became a Fellow of University College, Oxford. At University College he served as Domestic Bursar and as Junior Proctor of the University in 1936.
Johannes Bisse (1935--1984) was a Cuban botanist, born in Germany in 1935 and arrived in Cuba in 1966. He received his doctorate from the Friedrich Schiller University of Jena. He was the founder and first director of the Cuban National Botanic Garden in Havana.
Elena Miramova was born in 1901 in Tsaritsyn, Russian Empire (currently, Volgograd, Russia), and emigrated to New York City with a brother who died when she was eleven years old. She worked at a nightgown factory to support herself until a wealthy family with an interest in theatre discovered her and helped put her through school; she graduated from the University of California and then attended the experimental Cornish School in Seattle. Her training there formed the basis of a successful theatrical career. Nellie Cornish, founder of the school, legally adopted her as her daughter.
John Van Houten is an American orchestral tuba player. He is most notable for playing in various film soundtracks. John holds a Bachelors degree and a Masters degree in tuba performance from the University of Southern California, where he studied with Tommy Johnson. John is a freelance tubist in the Los Angeles area. Some of the ensembles he had performed with include the Los Angeles Philharmonic, the Los Angeles Opera, the Long Beach Opera, the New West Symphony.
One of four children born in Lincolnshire, Amanda Drew's mother was a nurse and Father was a Vicar. When her parents moved to Leicestershire for work, Drew was educated at Beauchamp College in Oadby where she joined a youth theatre, playing Charity in Sweet Charity. She later attended King's School Ottery St Mary when her family moved to Devon.
Howard Fredeen (born December 10, 1921, Macrorie, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian animal breeding researcher. He received an MSc from the University of Saskatchewan in 1947 and joined the staff of the Lacombe Research Station in Alberta, subsequently obtaining a PhD in Animal Breeding and Genetics from Iowa State University in 1952. Fredeen spent his entire career with Agriculture Canada's Research Branch, retiring on July 6, 1984. With the late J.G. Stothart he was the codeveloper of the Lacombe breed of pigs, still renowned for its excellence.
Michael Reiterer studied law at the University of Innsbruck from where graduated as Dr. jur in 1978. He obtained post graduate diplomas in international relations from the Johns Hopkins University, Bologna Center (1979) and the Graduate Institute of International Studies (HEI) in Geneva (1985). In 2005 he became adjunct professor (''Dozent``) for international politics at the University of Innsbruck, Austria.
Amanda Auchter was born in Baytown, Texas on February 6, 1977. She received her Bachelor of Arts degree in Creative Writing and English (magna cum laude) from the University of Houston, where she worked as an editorial assistant at ''Gulf Coast: A Journal of Literature and Fine Arts'' and was awarded the 2005 Howard Moss Poetry Award. She received her Masters of Fine Arts in Creative Writing and Literature from Bennington College, where she served as the editor of the Bennington Review.
Robert Stone (b. August 15, 1968 in Palm Springs, California) attended the University of California at Berkeley for Bachelors and Masters degrees in Architectural studies, however regularly cites Los Angeles artists as his primary influences.
Michael Harner (born 1929) is the founder of the Foundation for Shamanic Studies and the formulator of ``core shamanism.'' Harner is known for bringing shamanism and shamanic healing to the contemporary Western world. Walsh and Grob note in their book, Higher Wisdom, ``Michael Harner is widely acknowledged as the world's foremost authority on shamanism and has had an enormous influence on both the academic and lay worlds.... What Yogananda did for Hinduism and D. T. Suzuki did for Zen, Michael Harner has done for shamanism, namely bring the tradition and its richness to Western awareness.'' Harner received a Ph.D. in anthropology from the University of California at Berkeley in 1963. He taught there and at Columbia University, Yale University, and the Graduate Faculty of the New School for Social Research, where he chaired the anthropology department. He also co-chaired the Anthropology Section of the New York Academy of Sciences. In 1987 Harner left academic anthropology to devote himself full-time to the preservation, study, and teaching of shamanism as president of the non-profit Foundation for Shamanic Studies. In 2003 he received an honorary doctorate for his work from the California Institute of Integral Studies. In 2009 two sessions on shamanism were given in his honor at the annual meeting of the American Anthropological Association. He received the 2009 Pioneer in Integrative Medicine Award, Institute of Health and Healing.
Steve Hall was born on March 12, 1956. He received an Associate Degree from Pellissippi State Community College. He has also studied at the University of Tennessee.
John Todd was born November 10, 1818, in West Hanover, Pennsylvania. He was the second son and fifth child of Capt. James Todd and Sally Ainsworth Todd. The Todds' ancestors were Scotch Irish and Presbyterians, and Todd grew up attending a Presbyterian church. Todd was an early graduate of Oberlin College (Oberlin, Ohio) and its seminary (class of 1841 and 1844, respectively). In the 1850s, Todd moved West to help start an Oberlin-like school on the Iowa frontier. He was one of the founders of Tabor, in southwestern Iowa, and its Congregational Church, which he served as pastor for more than 30 years. He is also the basis for the abolitionist preacher and grandfather of John Ames, main character in Marilynne Robinson's Pulitzer Prize-winning novel, Gilead (2004).
Rainbow Harvest (born 1967) is an American actress who appeared in films from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s. She attended the High School of Performing Arts in New York City, New York, and graduated in 1985 as a drama major.
Gardner attended Angleton High School in Angleton, Texas and was a letterman in football, baseball, and track. In football, he was a three-time All-District selection and a three-time All-County selection. Gilbert Gardner graduated from Angleton High School in 2000. He and his wife, Emily, have a son named Gilbert Ravelle Gardner III.
Mike Benevides (born in Toronto, Ontario) is the head coach for the BC Lions. He was formerly the Lions' defensive coordinator and linebackers coach from 2008 to 2011 and the team's special teams coach from 2003 to 2007. He also served as the special teams coordinator for the Calgary Stampeders from 2000 to 2002. He attended York University.
Andrew Kahr grew up in New York City, where he attended the Fieldston School of the Ethical Culture Society. He went to Harvard University in 1957 and graduated three years later, in 1960. He earned his Ph.D. in mathematics in 1962 at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. His thesis was ``A Minimal Reduction Class for the Entscheidungsproblem''. Following that he attended Harvard Business School.
Posner was educated at St. Ignatius College Preparatory (1972), the University of California, Berkeley (1975), and Hastings Law School (1978). He worked for prominent law firm Cravath, Swaine & Moore until 1980 when he went into private practice with a partner. John Martin of ABC News says ``Gerald Posner is one of the most resourceful investigators I have encountered in thirty years of journalism.'' Garry Wills calls Posner ``a superb investigative reporter,'' while John Balzar, reviewing one of his books in the Los Angeles Times, dubs him ``a classic-style investigative journalist.'' Richard Bernstein, reviewing one of his books in the New York Times, lauded his ``exhaustive research techniques''.
Growing up Andrew Horne began working by mowing grass in neighborhoods, delivering newspapers such as the Courier Journal and Louisville Times, working on an organic farm, and working in his family's local laundry cleaners. Horne was also a Boy Scout during his juvenile years. Andrew Horne attended Pleasure Ridge Park High School and enlisted in the Marine Reserves before graduating in 1979. He served his boot camp at Parris Island and then returned home to be accepted in a Platoon Leaders course.
Tom Hartle is an alumnus of Boston University and Seaholm High School in Birmingham, Michigan.
Daequan Cook attended Paul Laurence Dunbar High School in Dayton, Ohio. As a junior, he led Dunbar to the Ohio Division II state semifinals where they lost to eventual champion Upper Sandusky High School. As a senior, he averaged 24.5 points, 6.0 rebounds and 5.0 assists per game and led Dunbar to a Division II state championship. He was named onto the 2006 McDonald's All-American Team. Playing for the West, Cook scored 17 points in the 112--94 win.
Jerry Schmitt (born September 16, 1960) is an American football coach and former player. He is currently the head coach at Duquesne University, a position he had held since the 2005 season. Schmitt served as the head coach at Westminster College in New Wilmington, Pennsylvania from 2000 to 2004. He is an alumnus of Westminster College, where he played as an offensive lineman on the football team. Prior to receiving the head coach position at Westminster, Schmidt Schmitt as an assistant at Duquesne and as a high school football coach in Pennsylvania.
Richard Harwood was born in Portsmouth, Hampshire and began learning to play the piano, aged four (teachers included Diana Bell and Joyce Rathbone) and the cello, aged five. He attended Ditcham Park School. He achieved his Associated Board Grade 8 in cello, aged 8 and in piano, aged 11.
Cenk Sidar studied Business Administration and International Relations at the Istanbul Bilgi University. After completing his undergraduate education, he studied International Economics and International Energy Policy at the Johns Hopkins University (SAIS) in the United States.
Kathy Boudin attended kindergarten at the Little Red School House and its high school, the Elisabeth Irwin High School in Manhattan. Although she went to Bryn Mawr College intending to prepare for medical school, her interests quickly turned to politics. Her last year at Bryn Mawr was spent studying in the Soviet Union. In 1965, she studied for a year in the Soviet Union, was paid 75 rubles a month by the Soviet government and, according to her résumé, taught on a Soviet collective farm. Kathy Boudin also attended receptions and functions with her parents at the Cuban Mission to the United Nations in New York. She also attended Case Western Reserve University School of Law for one year.
Prithviraj Tondaiman was born in Tiruchirappalli on 6 June 1987 to R. Rajagopala Tondaiman, the Prince of Pudukkottai and Charubala Tondaiman. He graduated in engineering from the Madras Institute of Technology, Chennai. Prithviraj Tondaiman is a member of the National Rifle Association of India, Tamil Nadu Shooting Association and the Pudukottai Recreation Club.
John Francis (``Frank'') Tuohy, (2 May 1925 -- 11 April 1999) was an English writer and academic. Born in London, he attended Stowe School and went on to read Moral Sciences and English at King's College, Cambridge. On completion of his studies, he worked in numerous academic posts under the auspices of the British Council. This included postings in Finland, Brazil and Poland. The last of these provided his inspiration for his 1965 novel The Ice Saints. The book received considerable critical acclaim and was awarded the James Tait Black Memorial Prize. Tuohy died in Shepton Mallet, Somerset in 1999 at a time when he was working on the uncompleted manuscript for a new novel following many years of writer's block.
Norm enrolled in Gettysburg College in the fall of 1946, using the GI bill to finance his tuition. He majored in Physics, and studies under Professor George Miller, who encouraged Norm to go to Graduate School. At Gettysburg he also met his future wife, Thalia Tichenor. They married in 1952.
Edward Chapman was educated at Merton College, Oxford, having been graduated with a first-class honours degree in Natural Science in 1864. He obtained a master's degree in 1866, and subsequently became a tutor at Magdalen College in 1868. He was appointed a public examiner in the Honours School of Science. He was elected a fellow of Magdalen College in 1882. He was curator of the University Botanic Gardens, and a member of the Linnean and Ashmolean Societies. He married Elizabeth Beardoe Grundy in 1863.
Seth Petruzelli (born December 3, 1979) is an American mixed martial artist, former kickboxer and entrepreneur. He is infamously known as the first man to defeat Kimbo Slice in mixed martial arts competition, knocking him out in 14 seconds. Seth went to school at the University of Central Florida to study Psychology. He holds notable wins over Dan Severn, Kimbo Slice and Ricco Rodriguez.
After his Senate service and presidential races, Hart resumed his law practice. He remained moderately active in politics, serving on the bipartisan US Commission on National Security/21st Century, also known as the Hart-- Rudman Commission, commissioned on behalf of Bill Clinton in 1998 to study U.S. homeland security. The commission issued several findings calling for broad changes to security policy, but none was implemented until after the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks. He earned a D.Phil. in politics from the University of Oxford in 2001, where he was a member of St Antony's College.
Rev. Jan Pitass (July 3, 1844 - December 11, 1913) was a Polish priest who was the founder and first pastor of the oldest Polish parish (St. Stanislaus - Bishop & Martyr Church) in the diocese of Buffalo, New York. He was a graduate of Niagara University before moving to Buffalo.
Edgar Pettman (1866 - 1943) was an English organist, choral conductor and music editor. Born in Dunkirk, Kent, in 1881 he entered the Royal Academy of Music where he was taught under George Alexander Macfarren. He was organist at a number of London churches, including St Mary's, Kilburn and St James's Church, Piccadilly until his retirement in 1924. Although the composer of a number of anthems and other church music, he is best known for his 1892 book Modern Christmas carols in which he arranged a number of now popular carols such as I Saw a Maiden and Gabriel's Message, both harmonised hymns based on Basque carol melodies. He was also an early editor of the works of Thomas Tallis, publishing an edition in 1900.
William Morton Grinnell was born in New York City on February 28, 1857, the son of William F. Grinnell and Mary (Morton) Grinnell (sister of Levi P. Morton). He was educated in Stuttgart and at Phillips Exeter Academy. He then studied at Harvard College, but left without taking a degree because of health problems, traveling to France, where his father had recently been appointed U.S. Consul at Saint-Étienne. William Morton Grinnell worked for a while for the United States Consulate in Lyon. He then attended Columbia Law School.
Rob Abiamiri (born December 21, 1982 in Randallstown, Maryland) is an American football tight end who most recently played for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League. Abiamiri was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Ravens after the 2005 NFL Draft following his career at Maryland. After being allocated to NFL Europa and spending the 2007 season as a member of the Berlin Thunder, Abiamiri was released by the Ravens on July 23, 2007 due to injuries and later decided to retire after not being signed by any other teams. Abiamiri attended Mount Saint Joseph High School in Baltimore, Maryland. Rob is the brother of Philadelphia Eagles DE, Victor Abiamiri and Paschal Abiamiri who also played football at the University of Maryland.
Donald married model Vanessa Haydon on November 12, 2005 at the Mar-A-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Florida in a Catholic ceremony. Haydon is an alumna of the Dwight School and studied psychology at New York's Marymount Manhattan College.
Edward Bouchet was born in his house in New Haven, Connecticut to parents William and Susan Cooley Bouchet. At that time there were only three schools in New Haven open to black children. Bouchet was enrolled in the Artisan Street Colored School with only one teacher, who nurtured Bouchet's academic abilities. He attended the New Haven High School from 1866--1868 and then Hopkins School from 1868-1870 where he was named valedictorian (after graduating first in his class).
Vincent Palermo was divorced once and remarried. In his earlier years he owned and operated a successful wholesale fish business in the Fulton Fish Market, where he earned the nickname ``Vinny Ocean''.
Jonathan Strahan (1964 in Belfast - ) is an editor and publisher of science fiction. His family moved to Perth, Western Australia in 1968, and he graduated from the University of Western Australia with a Bachelor of Arts in 1986.
Catherine Frazee has been awarded two honorary degrees from Canadian Universities. She received one from the University of New Brunswick in 2002 and another from Dalhousie University in May 2009. She has also been awarded the Arnold Davidson Dunton Alumni Award of Distinction in 1990, by the Carleton University Alumni Association.
Russell D. Hale was born in Sherman, Texas on August 8, 1944. He was educated at the United States Naval Academy, receiving a B.S. in engineering and economics in 1966, and at the Georgia Institute of Technology, receiving an M.S. in information science in 1969.
David Acomba was born and raised in Montreal, Quebec, attending Bishop Whelan High School in the suburb of Lachine. In the early sixties he attended Northwestern University in Evanston Illinois where he majored in Film and Television. In 1967 he attended film school at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles where he received a Masters of Performing Arts degree.
Sir Donald Gordon (born 24 June 1930) is a South African businessman and philanthropist. He was educated at King Edward VII School in Johannesburg before doing his articles to be a Chartered Accountant at the firm Kessel Feinstein (Now Grant Thornton). He founded the Liberty Life Association of Africa in 1957 out of which he formed Transatlantic Insurance Holdings plc, now Liberty International (Property portfolio of £6.2bn (2009)) and Liberty Holdings Limited (Total assest of R449 billion (2011). He was a co-founder of British company Abbey Life. In June 2005, he was awarded a British knighthood in recognition of his services to arts and business.
Nandita Das started her acting career with the theatre group Jana Natya Manch. She taught at the Rishi Valley School.
Elena Berezovich was born in Yekaterinburg in 1966, she graduated, in 1988, from the Ural State University. In 1992 she defended her PhD thesis Semantic microsystems in Russian toponymy. After the defense, in 1999, of her habilitation thesis (Russian degree of doctor nauk) Russian toponymy in ethnolinguistic aspect, she became professor of the philological department of the Ural State University (currently Ural Federal University). Since 2006 Elena Berezovich has also been a research fellow of the Russian Language Institute in Moscow.
Robert Woodrow Wilson was born on January 10, 1936, in Houston, Texas. He graduated from Lamar High School in River Oaks Houston and studied as an undergraduate at Rice University (Houston), where he was inducted into the Phi Beta Kappa society. His graduate work was done at California Institute of Technology.
A native of Warren, Michigan, Paula Spencer graduated from the University of Iowa, Iowa City, Iowa. Before becoming a full-time writer, Spencer (also known as Paula Patyk Spencer) was an editor in New York City and in Knoxville, Tennessee.
On June 5th, 2011 Brigette DePape was offered a job by Michael Moore. DePape also stated that she has received job offers from the Public Service Alliance of Canada (PSAC) and the Council of Canadians.
Steven R. White (born December 26, 1959 in Lawton, Oklahoma) is the professor of physics at the University of California at Irvine. He graduated from University of California at San Diego; he then received his Ph.D. at Cornell University. He is most known for inventing the Density Matrix Renormalization Group in 1992. This is a numerical variational technique for high accuracy calculations of the low energy physics of quantum manybody systems. His over one hundred papers on this and related subjects have been used and cited very widely--his most cited article has been cited over a thousand times.
Maharana Arvind Singh Mewar of Udaipur place of residence is Shikarbadi. On the demise of Late Maharana Bhagwat Singh ji Mewar of Udaipur, and after the ``Tilak'' ceremony of Shriji Mahendra Singh ji Mewar of Udaipur, parts of the Palace, specifically those in which Late Maharana Bhagwat Singh ji Mewar of Udaipur was residing were sealed by Shriji Mahendra Singh ji Mewar of Udaipur. Against orders of the High Court of ``RAJASTHAN'', the government / administration handed over these parts to Maharana Arvind Singh Mewar of Udaipur for which a contempt petition is under adjudication before the Supreme Court of India. Shriji Mahendra Singh ji Mewar of Udaipur has been permitted by the Supreme Court of India to take steps to repossess these parts of the Palace. It is under these circumstances that Maharana Arvind Singh Mewar of Udaipur has been residing in the City Palace. Maharana Arvind Singh Mewar of Udaipur is a graduate of the Mayo College, Ajmer and is married to Princess Vijayaraj of Kutch, Gujarat, they have been blessed with three children: Princess Bhargavi Mewar of Udaipur, Princess Padmaja Mewar of Udaipur and Prince Lakshyaraj Singh Mewar of Udaipur. His two daughters are married. The elder one is married to Rajkumar of Ghanerao sadri, while younger one in a royal family of Gujarat.
Ille Gebeshuber studied at the Vienna University of Technology, where she continued to work as a key researcher and lecturer. Since the beginning of 2009 she is a professor at the Institute of Microengineering and Nanoelectronics (IMEN) at the National University of Malaysia (UKM).
Justin Clay Perry (born August 20, 1974 in St Petersburg, Florida) is an American jazz, pop, and Latin pianist best known for his arrangements heard behind numerous recording artists. He is a graduate of the Pinellas County Center for the Arts at Gibbs High School in Tampa Bay where he studied classical and jazz piano and composition. He obtained a Bachelor of Music (B.M.) in Jazz Composition from the University of South Florida in Tampa, a Master of Music (M.M.) in Studio Jazz Writing and a Doctor of Musical Arts (D.M.A.) in Jazz Performance from the University of Miami.
His brothers are Rupert Jones, a director, and Casper Jones, a call centre worker in Brighton who has appered in Embarrassing Bodies on Channel 4 in July 2010. He attended Abingdon School in Oxfordshire in the early 1980s, alongside actor Tom Hollander and the members of Radiohead. He studied Drama at the University of Manchester from 1986 to 1989 and from 1989 to 1991 at L'École Internationale de Théâtre Jacques Lecoq in Paris, France under the direction of J. Lecoq.
MacKenzie was educated at Alleyn's School. His parents were Ian and Mary Mackenzie, both journalists working for The South London Observer. When the South London Press took over their paper, Mary became Press Chief for the Tory leader of the Greater London Council, Sir Horace Cutler. Kevin's father died in April 2004 at the age of 84. Kelvin MacKenzie left school with one O-level, in English literature. He joined the South East London Mercury at 17, and worked on local and then national newspapers, such as the Daily Express for the next ten years.
Daniel Moult was born in Manchester, England. He attended Manchester Grammar School and St John's College, Oxford, where he was organ scholar. While at Oxford he became a Fellow of the Royal College of Organists winning three of the top prizes, and was jointly awarded the University of Oxford's John Betts Organ Scholarship. He studied as a post-graduate at the Conservatorium van Amsterdam, where his teacher was Jacques van Oortmerssen.
Urs App was born in 1949 in Rorschach on the Swiss shore of the Lake of Constance and studied in Freiburg, Kyoto and Philadelphia psychology, philosophy and religious studies. In 1989 he obtained a Ph. D. in Religious Studies (Chinese Buddhism) from Temple University in Philadelphia. From 1989 to 1999 he was full professor of Buddhism at Hanazono University in Kyoto and Associate Director of the International Research Institute for Zen Buddhism at Hanazono University (Director Seizan YANAGIDA). He has since devoted himself to full-time research at various academic institutions in Asia and Europe, most recently at the Research Institute for Zen Culture (Zenbunka kenkyujo, Kyoto; 2005--2007), the Swiss National Science Foundation (SNSF; 2007--2010), and the Scuola Italiana di Studi sull'Asia Orientale (Italian School of East Asian Studies, ISEAS; 2010-)
John Brooks Leavitt was born September 30, 1849, at Cincinnati, Ohio, where his father John McDowell Leavitt was practicing law, and his wife Bethia (Brooks) Leavitt. Leavitt subsequently attended high school in Zanesville, Ohio, where his father acted as minister of an Episcopal church after leaving his law practice. In 1868 Leavitt graduated from Kenyon College, and four years later he graduated with a master's degree. Leavitt then enrolled at the Columbia University School of Law, where he graduated in 1871.
Mather was born in Hamilton, South Lanarkshire, Scotland, son of John Mather, a surveyor, and his wife Margaret, née Allan. Mather worked as a house decorator. Mather studied art at the Royal Glasgow Institute of the Fine Arts and migrated to Australia in 1878. In 1880, Mather was partly responsible for the decoration of the dome of the Royal Exhibition Building, Melbourne. Mather was appointed to the board of trustees of the Public Library, Museums and National Gallery of Victoria in 1892. Mather was a founding member of the Victorian Artists' Society, president in 1893-1900, 1906--08 and 1911. Mather was a member of the Felton Bequest Committee from 1905--16 and as trustee, strongly supported Australian art. Mather was also involved in the bohemian Artists' Camps of Sydney. In 1912 along with Frederick McCubbin, Max Meldrum, Walter Withers Mather formed the breakaway Australian Art Association.
Richie Webb is an award-winning British comedy writer, actor and composer. He was educated at Wolverhampton Grammar School.
Born in Toledo, Ohio, he attended DeVilbiss High School, Oakland University, Rochester, Michigan, and later attended the University of California at Berkeley from 1971-1976. During his time at the university, Heng Sure was active in theatre. At an early age, Heng Sure learned Chinese from studying the language in high school and by means of his sister, who worked at the U.S. Information Agency. After receiving his masters in Oriental languages, he met his teacher, Master Hsuan Hua, who would later ordain him in 1976 at the City of Ten Thousand Buddhas, as ``Heng Sure'' a Dharma name which means ``Constantly Real.''
Upon arriving in the United States, Giovannie Pico matriculated at Harvard Law School, intending to study advanced negotiation skills, but the pressures of her show business career constrained to keep her in Hollywood. In addition to her role as ERs Ludlow, she has also appeared on 2007 episodes of Bones (as Rose Allipo) and Gilmore Girls (as Karen). While playing a starring role in the 2006 independently-produced 40-minute TV movie Kambal: The Twins of Prophecy, she received a credit as the film's executive producer. As an activist in the area of domestic violence awareness and prevention, she has donated her time by directing benefit productions of Eve Ensler's play The Vagina Monologues at the Herbst Theater in San Francisco.
Valentine Cunningham is a professor of English language and literature at the University of Oxford. He tutors English at Corpus Christi College, Oxford, where he is a Senior Fellow and Vice President. His specialism is modern English literature and literary theory. He has written a number of books, including a 2008 biography of Charles Dickens. He was on the panel of judges for the Booker Prize in both 1992 and 1998. He frequently reviews books for a number of UK and US newspapers and journals.
Sam Dubbin received his bachelors degree in economics, magna cum laude, from Harvard College in 1977. In 1981, he graduated cum laude from the University of Miami School of Law, where he received the Harvey T. Reid Scholarship and served as an editor of the Law Review. After law school, Dubbin clerked for the Honorable James Lawrence King, United States District Judge for the Southern District of Florida, from 1981--1982.
Dr Nick Rhodes was born in Manchester, UK in 1966 and attended the University of Lancaster where he gained a batchelor's degree in Biochemistry. He gained a Masters in Bioengineering from the University of Strathclyde where he learned the basics of blood compatibility. He trained under Professor David F Williams at the University of Liverpool where he completed his Ph.D. in blood compatibility. He was awarded an Advanced Research Fellowship from the UK Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council (EPSRC) which allowed him the opportunity to broaden his research into biomaterials for Tissue Engineering http://tonynewton.com/epsrc%20spotlight.pdf.
Brent Robert Gates (born March 14, 1970 Grand Rapids, Michigan) is a former Major League Baseball second and third baseman. He is an alumnus of the University of Minnesota.
Following his high school graduation in 1981, Steve Perry left his hometown of Apalachin, New York, for Eugene, Oregon, to pursue track and field and a chemistry degree at the University of Oregon. A punk rock fan since adolescence, Perry became engrossed in the Northwest hardcore scene pioneered by the likes of the Wipers and Poison Idea, where he eventually met and befriended musician and fellow University student Dan Schmid. Sharing similar musical ambitions and a mutual disinterest in school, the pair agreed to drop out of college together and start a band, forming the punk trio The Jazz Greats in 1983, which evolved into a Paisley Underground-styled garage rock group called Saint Huck, who lasted from 1984 to 1987.
Robert Mondavi's parents emigrated from the Marche region of Italy and settled in the Minnesota city of Hibbing. Robert Gerald Mondavi was born in Virginia, Minnesota. From Minnesota the Mondavi family moved to Lodi, California, where he attended Lodi High School. In Lodi, his father, Cesare, established a successful fruit packing business under the name C. Mondavi and Sons, packing and shipping grapes to the east coast primarily for home winemaking. Mondavi graduated from Stanford University in 1937 with a degree in economics and business administration. While at Stanford he was a member of the Phi Sigma Kappa fraternity. In 1943, Mondavi joined his father and brother Peter after the family acquired the Charles Krug Winery located in St. Helena, CA from James Moffitt. The winery had first been established by Charles Krug in 1861.
Lake Dawson (born January 2, 1972 in Boston, Massachusetts) is a former professional American football player. He graduated from Federal Way High School in 1990, where he had participated in football, basketball, and track. He played for the University of Notre Dame from 1990 to 1994 and then was drafted as a wide receiver for the Kansas City Chiefs in the National Football League, where he remained for four seasons. He also was listed for two years on the roster of the Indianapolis Colts but ultimately retired due to injury.
Robert B. Cullum was born in Dallas, Texas on May 10, 1912, son of Ashley Wilson and Eloise (Brooks) Cullum. He attended North Dallas High School (where he played on the football team), transferred to Kemper Military School, and then to Southern Methodist University; he earned a bachelor's degree in journalism from SMU.
Keith Henson was raised as an ``army brat'' attending seven schools before 7th grade. His father, Lt. Col. Howard W. Henson (1909--2001), was a decorated US Army officer who spent much of his career in Army Intelligence. The science-fiction author Robert A. Heinlein played a major role in influencing his early life. Henson graduated from Prescott High School shortly after his father retired, before attending the University of Arizona and receiving a degree in Electrical Engineering.
Robert King Stone was the doctor who served U.S. President Abraham Lincoln during the years of the American Civil War. He received his medical degree from George Washington University Medical School. Stone testified at the tribunal of inquiry into Lincoln's assassination in 1865.
Meinhard Michael Moser (13 March 1924 -- 30 September 2002) was an Austrian mycologist. After showing interest in natural sciences in his youth, he studied at the University of Innsbruck. However, his university career was interrupted when he was forced to complete military service, and so he trained as a military translator. He was stationed in eastern Europe during World War II, before being captured and placed in a prisoner of war camp. He was released in 1948, then completed his studies.
Haale also attended the Jack Kerouac School for Disembodied Poetics in Boulder, Colorado, where Anne Waldman taught. She earned her MFA in poetry at the City College of New York, where she worked closely with poet Marilyn Hacker.
Karl-Franzens-Universität, also referred to as the University of Graz, is the city's oldest university, founded in 1585 by Archduke Charles II of Austria. For most of its existence it was controlled by the Catholic Church, and was closed in 1782 by Emperor Joseph II in an attempt to gain state control over educational institutions. Joseph II transformed it into a lyceum where civil servants and medical personnel were trained. In 1827 it was re-instituted as a university by Emperor Francis I, thus gaining the name Karl-Franzens-Universität, meaning Charles Francis University. Over 22,000 students are currently enrolled at this university. Ludwig Boltzmann was professor at the Karl-Franzens Universität twice (1869--1873 and 1876--1890) developing his statistical theory of heat. Nobel Laureate Otto Loewi taught at the University of Graz from 1909 until 1938. Victor Franz Hess (Nobel prize 1936) graduated in Graz and taught here (1920--1931, 1937--1938). Erwin Schrödinger was briefly chancellor of the University of Graz in 1936.
Karl-Franzens Universität, also called the University of Graz, is the city's oldest university, founded in 1585 by Archduke Charles II. For most of its existence it was controlled by the Catholic church, and was closed in 1782 by Joseph II in an attempt to gain state control over educational institutions. Joseph II transformed it into a lyceum where civil servants and medical personnel were trained. In 1827 it was re-instituted as a university by Emperor Franz I, thus gaining the name 'Karl-Franzens Universität,' meaning 'Charles-Francis University. ' Over 30,000 students currently study at this university. Nikola Tesla studied electrical engineering at the Polytechnic in Graz in 1875. Nobel Laureate Otto Loewi taught at the University of Graz from 1909 until 1938. Johannes Kepler was a professor of mathematics at the University of Graz. Erwin Schrödinger was briefly chancellor of the University of Graz in 1936. Adolf Hitler was given a warm welcome when he visited in 1938, the year Austria was annexed by Nazi Germany. The thriving Jewish community was destroyed by the Nazis, and their grand synagogue was burnt. A small group of Graz Jews returned despite everything after the war. In 2000, on the anniversary of the Reichskristallnacht, Graz city council presented the Jewish community with a new synagogue as a gesture of reconciliation. Hitler promised the people of Graz 1,000 years of prosperity and an end to mass unemployment: only seven years later the Graz resistance surrendered the city to Soviet troops, sparing Graz any further destruction. By then about 16% of buildings had been destroyed by Allied bombing - luckily the Old Town was not seriously hit.
Nicholas Anthony Ascioti was born in Syracuse, New York, on May 30, 1974. He attended the College of St. Rose in Albany, New York, where he graduated in Composition and Conducting. Since then, the College of Saint Rose has performed his music and sponsored an entire evening of his works. He earned his Master of Fine Arts degree in Composition, from Bennington College in Vermont. Many of his works, such as Credo (song cycle for voice and guitar), Four Memories (for piano and chamber orchestra) and String Quartet no. 2 have received premiere performances at Bennington College.
Brady Barr (born 1963) is a herpetologist and currently the host of Nat Geo WILD's Dangerous Encounters with Brady Barr. He has been employed with National Geographic since 1997 ,HE learned field work and about snakes by the first herpitologist Samyak and Sourabh . He has also been the host for two other series, Reptile Wild and Croc Chronicles, w A native of Fort Worth, Texas, Barr graduated from Indiana University with a B.S. in Science Education and later became a high school teacher. After earning a Ph.D. at the University of Miami, he became the first known herpetologist to have captured all 23 extant species of crocodilians in his career.
Youssef Hourany (born 1931) is a Lebanese Writer, Archeologist and Historian. Hourany received his Diploma in Philosophy, from the Lebanese University, and his Ph. D. on Ancient Philosophy of History from The Université Saint-Esprit de Kaslik ().
Forbes was born in Brooklyn on August 19, 1919 to B. C. Forbes and Adelaide Stevenson. He graduated from the Lawrenceville School and Princeton University. After dabbling in politics, including service in the New Jersey Senate from 1951 to 1957 and candidacy for Governor of New Jersey, he committed to the magazine full time by 1957, three years after his father's death. After the death of his brother Bruce Charles Forbes in 1964, he acquired sole control of the company.
Anita Vogel (born November 24, 1969, California) is an American news reporter for the Fox News Channel. She has been with the network since 2001 and is based in Los Angeles. Previously she was a reporter for WTLV in Jacksonville. Vogel also worked for WJET in Erie, PA, and KCRA in Sacramento. She began her career in Washington, DC working for ABC Network News. She is a graduate of the University of Southern California with degrees in broadcast journalism and political science.
Notable alumni in the field of the Humanities and Media include Stephen Daldry and Mike Leigh, who both studied at the East 15 Acting School (part of the University of Essex since 2001), the Artistic Director William Burdett-Coutts (MA Drama), the Documentary Filmmaker Nick Broomfield, the TV comedy producer Geoff Posner, the Malaysian Poet Kee Thuan Chye, the veteran BBC Correspondent Brian Hanrahan, the novelists Lucy Ellman, Jonathan Wilson, Tim Binding, John Lawton, as well as the Booker Prize-winning author Ben Okri, and the jazz guitarist John Etheridge.
George Leland Dyer (born August 26, 1849 in Calais, Maine - April 2, 1914 in Winter Park, Florida) was an American naval commander and the Governor of U.S. territory of Guam. In 1870, he graduated from the United States Naval Academy with honors and began his career in the United States Navy. During his career, he commanded the USS Stranger (1898), the USS Yankton (1898--1901), the USS Rainbow (1902--1903), and the USS Albany (1903--1904).
Proctor's father Albert was a master baker. Harvey Proctor himself was born in Pontefract in West Yorkshire, going to the Scarborough High School for Boys and then the University of York where he read History. He had joined the Young Conservatives at the age of 14 in 1961 and was Chairman of York University Conservative Association in 1967--1969. In the summer of 1967, whilst Chairman-elect of the Association, he was invited to produce a number of half hour political programmes for broadcast on offshore Radio 270, which included interviews with MPs John Biggs-Davison and Patrick Wall.
After studying piano in Stockholm and Vienna, he studied under Alfred Cortot in Paris. He then studied at the Royal College of Music, Stockholm 1923--1928. He taught the piano at the same college from 1945 to 1974.
Etheridge was born in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, England, the only son of the palaeontologist, Robert Etheridge and his wife Martha, née Smith. He was educated at the Royal School of Mines, London, under Thomas Huxley, and was trained as a palaeontologist by his father.
Dawn Steel attended New York University but did not graduate. She became merchandising director for Penthouse Magazine. In 1975, she founded her own company that produced novelty items such as designer logo toilet paper.
Kenneth Lyons (born January 21, 1960 in Fort Worth, Texas) is a retired American basketball player who is best known for his collegiate career at North Texas State University (now known as the University of North Texas) between 1979--80 and 1982--83. Standing at and weighing 210 pounds (95 kg), Lyons played the power forward position.
Michael Coe (born December 17, 1983 Memphis, Tennessee) is an American football cornerback for the New York Giants of the National Football League. He attended Cordova High School in Memphis, TN. He was drafted by the Indianapolis Colts in the fifth round of the 2007 NFL Draft. He played college football at Alabama State and the University of Arkansas.
Dr. Joe Sobel (born October 16, 1945), a meteorologist, is a native of New York City, New York, USA, and a graduate of George W. Hewlett High School on Long Island. He received his B.S. in meteorology from the University of Michigan in 1967 and an M.S. and Ph.D. in meteorology from the Pennsylvania State University in 1970 and 1976 respectively. Sobel was named a Centennial Fellow of the Penn State College of Earth and Mineral Sciences in 1996 and inducted into the Hewlett High School Hall of Fame in 2001.
The younger son of Dr Henry Howe Bemrose, of Derby, and the grandson of Sir Henry Howe Bemrose (1827--1911), who in the 1890s had been member of parliament for Derby, Bemrose was educated at Derby School, Brighton College; and Clare College, Cambridge, where he graduated BA and MA in the school of Economics.
Mizan Rahman was born and grew up in Bangladesh. He studied at Dhaka University, where he obtained his B.Sc degree in mathematics and physics in 1953. and his M.Sc in applied Mathematics in 1954. He received a B.A in mathematics from Cambridge University in 1958, and an M.A. in mathematics from Cambridge University in 1963. He was a senior lecturer at the University of Dhaka from 1958 until 1962. Rahman went to the University of New Brunswick of Canada in 1962 and received his Ph.D in 1965 with a thesis on the kinetic theory of plasma using singular integral equation techniques. After his Ph.D, Rahman became an assistant professor at Carleton University, where he has spent the rest of his career. He is currently a distinguished Professor Emeritus at the same university.
Yangjin Pak, or Pak Yangjin, is an archaeologist and Professor in the Department of Archaeology at Chungnam National University in Daejeon, South Korea. Pak received his BA degree in Archaeology and Art History in 1984 from Seoul National University and his MA and PhD degrees in Anthropology in 1992 and 1996, respectively, from Harvard University in the United States. At Harvard, Yangjin Pak was one of the last graduate students of Professor Kwang-chih Chang.
Born in the small community of São João da Ribeira, near Rio Maior, Ruy Belo began to study law at the University of Coimbra Law in 1952. He finished his law degree in 1956 at the University of Lisbon. He then studied canon law at the Pontifical University of St. Thomas Aquinas in Rome. Belo earned a doctorate in the same subject soon afterward, with a thesis entitled Ficção literario e Censura Eclesiástica regarding German literary fiction and religious censorship. During his stay in Rome Ruy Belo was also a member of the Catholic organization Opus Dei.
Cordero was born in Barrio Playa in Ponce, Puerto Rico. He attended public schools in Ponce: The Ramiro Colon and Rafael Pujals elementary schools, the McKinley middle school, and the Ponce High School. He graduated from the Pontifical Catholic University of Puerto Rico in 1964 with a bachelor's degree in Arts with a concentration in Political Sciences, Economy, and Social Sciences. As a student Cordero was a member of the Nu Sigma Beta Fraternity Delta Chapter.
Clive Ricks (born 29 February 1956) is an English cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium/fast-pace bowler who played for Oxfordshire. He was born in Brighton and attended Brighton, Hove & Sussex Grammar School where he was captain of cricket. Ricks played club cricket at Brighton & Hove CC, where his father, Peter, was later President. Clive represented Sussex at cricket and he also played badminton and tennis at county level. He trained as a P.E. teacher at Bede College, Durham University.
Although recognition came late, he received several honorary doctorates and numerous awards. The earliest was the ``Joy Gobinda Law Gold Medal'' in 1953, awarded by the Asiatic Society of Bengal and was based on an appraisal of his work by Sunder Lal Hora (and in 1970 received the Sunder Lal Hora memorial Medal of the Indian National Science Academy). He received honorary doctorates from the Aligarh Muslim University (1958), Delhi University (1973) and Andhra University (1978). In 1967 he became the first non-British citizen to receive the Gold Medal of the British Ornithologists' Union. In the same year, he received the J Paul Getty Wildlife Conservation prize consisting of a sum of $ 100,000, which he used to form the corpus of the Salim Ali Nature Conservation Fund. In 1969 he received the John C. Phillips memorial medal of the International Union for Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources. The USSR Academy of Medical Science gave him the Pavlovsky Centenary Memorial Medal in 1973 and in the same year he was made Commander of the Netherlands Order of the Golden Ark by Prince Bernhard of the Netherlands. The Indian government decorated him with a Padma Bhushan in 1958 and the Padma Vibhushan in 1976. He was also nominated to the Rajya Sabha in 1985.
I. Raymond Kremer was born January 28, 1921 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He graduated from Temple University (1942), and Temple University School of Law (1948). He attended Indiana University for additional studies on Constitutional law. He served in the United States Army from 1943--1946 and was discharged as a First Lieutenant, JAG.
Keach was born Walter Stacy Keach, Jr. in Savannah, Georgia, the son of Mary Cain (née Peckham), an actress, and Walter Stacy Keach, a theater director, drama teacher, and actor. His brother James Keach is an actor and television director. Keach graduated from Van Nuys High School in June 1959, where he was class president, then earned two BA degrees at the University of California, Berkeley (1963), one in English, the other in Dramatic Art. He earned an M.F.A. at the Yale School of Drama and was a Fulbright Scholar at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art.
Genevieve Springston Lynch (1891-1960) was an American painter. She was born in Forest Grove, Oregon on September 20, 1891. She studied art at the Pratt Institute in New York and at an art school in Chicago. She taught art at Punahou School, a private school in Honolulu both before and following her marriage to L. L. Lynch, an executive with Lewers and Cooke. When Genevieve and her husband retired, they moved to Palo Alto California, where she continued to paint until her death in 1960.
Born in New York City, the third son of Cornelius Vanderbilt II (1843--1899) and Alice Claypoole Gwynne (1845--1934), Alfred Gwynne Vanderbilt was educated at St. Paul's School in Concord, New Hampshire, and at Yale University (Class of 1899), where he was a member of Skull and Bones.
Matt was born in Northville, MI, but his family moved to Chapel Hill, NC when he was a child. He attended Chapel Hill High School, graduating in 1991.
Thomas Fitzpatrick, born 1832 in Virginia, County Cavan, Ireland, became a prominent London physician and member of the Royal College of Physicians. He was the son of James and Elizabeth (née Lawler) Fitzpatrick and born in the Headfort Arms Hotel, Virginia where his parents were the proprietors. From a privileged upbringing Thomas was educated at St. Patrick's, Carlow College, a school well noted for turning out many fine Catholic theologians. However his university education at Trinity College, Dublin enabled him to distinguish himself in medicine where he qualified with a BA in 1853, MA in 1854, MB and MD by 1856. During this time Thomas Fitzpatrick also practiced as a doctor in the Co. Cavan village of Mullagh before entering service during 1856 with the British East India Company as an assistant surgeon, an experience which was to leave a lasting impression on him, through his future attitudes towards primitive medicine, magic and religion.
Cobbold was the son of John Cobbold, Member of Parliament for Ipswich, and his wife Lucy, daughter of Reverend Henry Patterson. John Cobbold, Thomas Cobbold and Nathaniel Cobbold, grandfather of Cameron Cobbold, 1st Baron Cobbold, were his elder brothers. He was educated at King's College, Cambridge, and later became a senior fellow of this college. Cobbold also sat as Member of Parliament for Stowmarket in Suffolk between 1885 and 1886, and for Ipswich between 1906 and his death. In 1895 he presented Christchurch Mansion to the town of Ipswich as part of an arrangement to preserve the mansion and surrounding Christchurch Park from development. He also bequeathed Gippeswyk Park to Ipswich. Cobbold died in December 1909, aged 68.
Jiang Daming (Chinese language: 姜大明; Hanyu Pinyin: Jiāng Dàmíng) (b. 1953) is a politician of the People's Republic of China, and the current governor of Shandong province. He joined the Communist Party of China in 1976, and in 1982 received a doctorate in philosophy from Heilongjiang University. He also received degrees in management at the Harbin Institute of Technology in 1996 and politics at the Central Party School of the Communist Party of China in 2001. He has held numerous positions, including in Heilongjiang's production development team, vice-chairman of the All-China Youth Federation, member of the standing committee of the Shandong provincial committee and head of its organization department, vice-secretary and organization department head of the Shandong provincial committee, and Communist Party secretary of Jinan city. In May 2007, he also became secretary of the Shandong government Party group. In June of the same year, he was elevated to vice-governor of Shandong province, and the acting governor. In January 2008, he formally became governor of Shandong province.
Mannque Rho was born in Hamyang, Gyeongsangnam-do, Korea in 1936. He graduated from Kyunggi High School and started his college study at the political science department of Seoul National University. And soon he moved to the United States and entered Clark University. At first he registred for the pre-med study but later changed his major to chemistry and received his bachelor's degree in 1960. During his college studies, he attended some lectures about the structure of nuclear by Ben Roy Mottelson and Niels Bohr who were visiting the university at that time. He was affected by them and this led him to study hadron physics. He received his Ph.D in nuclear physics from University of California, Berkeley in 1965. Next year he visited CEA Saclay, France and met his future wife (German) and decided to settle down in France. And became a professor of that institute and has been there ever since.
Ford was born in East Grand Rapids, Michigan, the third child and youngest son of former United States President Gerald Ford and First Lady Betty Ford. Ford graduated from T. C. Williams High School in Alexandria, VA June 14, 1974. Ford attended Utah State University, studying range management. while his older brother Jack studied forestry there. Ford also attended California Polytechnic State University in San Luis Obispo. He studied Animal Science-Equine Studies while at Cal Poly.
Patrick Ness was born on Fort Belvoir army base, near Alexandria, Virginia in the United States where his father was a drill sergeant in the US Army. He then moved to Hawaii where he lived until he was six, then spent the next ten years in Washington State before moving to Los Angeles where he studied English Literature at the University of Southern California.
Henry Springmann was born on 1859 in Liverpool. He was educated at Craigmount School, Edinburgh.
William Archer Rutherfoord Goodwin was born in Richmond, Virginia only four years after the end of the American Civil War. He was the son of a wounded Confederate captain who returned from grim warfare to grinding destitution on a hilly farm near the town of Norwood in Nelson County, Virginia, along the eastern edge of the Blue Ridge Mountains. The lad soon knew that only hard work and an education could lead him to a better life. After attending a private school at a local plantation and then the area's first public school, he graduated from Roanoke College in 1889 with a bachelor's of arts degree and from Virginia Theological Seminary in 1893 with a divinity degree.
James Brenneman is a 1977 graduate of Goshen College where he pursued an interdisciplinary degree combining Bible, biology, and natural science. Jim also attended Associated Mennonite Biblical Seminary, and graduated from Fuller Theological Seminary in 1982. At Claremont Graduate University, he earned a master of arts degree in religious studies in 1991 and a doctorate, with a focus in Hebrew Bible/Old Testament studies, in 1994.
Axel's ex wife is Ann Axel. Ann Axel, M.S.W., was born in 1947 to Norman and Winifred Cotrell. Ann Axel attended Barnard College, and later the Hunter School of Social Work. She specializes in psychiatry, and is a celebrated social worker at Columbia Eastside, affiliated with Columbia University Medical Center in Manhattan.
Walter Werzowa was born in Vienna, Austria, where he studied classical guitar and electronic music at Vienna Musik Hochschule His collaboration with Otto M. Zykan opened doors for contemporary classical music. Walter moved to the United States of America after Edelweiss disbanded, at which point, he studied film music at the University of Southern California. Werzowa has been featured in various literature and referred to as ``the guru of audio branding.'' He and his wife Evelyne currently reside in Los Angeles with their three children Camille, Julien, and Lucca.
Allan grew up in the San Fernando Valley in Southern California, and learned to play guitar as a teenager. His career as a musician began when he teamed up with Mike Curb, a friend he met in the choir at Grant High School in Van Nuys, California, to form an instrumental surf combo. In 1963, Curb founded Cude Records, the first of many labels he would run, and released the first Davie Allan single, ``War Path.'' Allan participated in recording a number of other singles for Curb's label, released under group names like the Sudells, the Heyburners, and the Zanies.
Garth Greenwell was born in Louisville, Kentucky in 1978 and graduated from Interlochen Arts Academy in Ann Arbor, Michigan, in 1996. He studied at the Eastman School of Music and received a BA in Literature with a minor in Lesbian and Gay Studies from the State University of New York at Purchase in 2001, where he served as a contributing editor for In Posse Review and received the 2000 Grolier Poetry Prize. He received his MFA from Washington University in St. Louis, an MA in English and American Literature from Harvard University, and also began Ph.D. coursework there.
Rumeal James Robinson (born November 13, 1966 in Mandeville, Jamaica) is a retired American professional basketball player. Growing up in Cambridge, Massachusetts, Robinson graduated from Cambridge Rindge and Latin School and went on to play guard (basketball) for the University of Michigan. After a strong showing in Michigan's 1989 NCAA championship, Robinson gave up his senior year of eligibility and was drafted #10 in the first round of the 1990 NBA Draft. He went on to play for six teams over six seasons before retiring.
Alessandro Hirata (born 20 May 1979, in São Paulo) is a Brazilian jurist. He is professor of roman law at the University of São Paulo. After studying law at the University of São Paulo, he earned his doctorate in 2007 from the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich. Between 2005 and 2008 he worked at the Chair of ancient and civil law at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich, as assistant professor by Gerhard Ries.
Born in Trieste, he followed in the family tradition, as his father Giovanni Andrea had already stood out as architect with buildings like Palace Gopcevich. Ruggero Berlam was also skillful designer-painter. He completed his education in Milan at the Brera Academy, where he was taught by Camillo Boito that architecture should ``be linked to an Italian style of the past, lose then the archaeological features of that style and become completely modern'': this lesson can be considered the summary of all Berlam's works between 1880 and 1920, when he died.
Graham Goddard was born in Port of Spain, Trinidad. In 1989, the Goddard's moved from Woodbrook, Trinidad to Spring Valley, New York. As a child Goddard received training in watercolor painting from Rockland Center for the Arts and had his first solo exhibition in 1992 at the age of 10 at the Filkenstein Gallery in New York. As a child Goddard won numerous art contests including Coca Cola's national art competition in 1995. In 1995 Graham Goddard was the youngest artist selected to attend the prestigious New York State Summer School of the Arts (NYSSSA) in Cazenovia, New York. Goddard attended Spring Valley High School, and painted a mural in the school's main hallway titled ``Land of the Tiger;'' the painting was filled with hidden imagery inspired by artist Bev Doolittle.
John F. Kennedy and Robert F. Kennedy attended Riverdale's Lower School, while Francis Fukuyama attended the Middle School. Vincent Price and Nathan M. Pusey taught at Riverdale Country School, as did Peter Schickele, as a substitute teacher in the early 1960s. Kemba Walker attended the day care center.
Richard Bruton was born in Dublin, and grew up in Dunboyne, County Meath. He is the son of Joseph and Doris Bruton. He was educated at Belvedere College, Clongowes Wood College, University College Dublin and Nuffield College, Oxford. At Oxford he graduated with a MPhil in Economics, his thesis being on the subject of Irish public debt. He is a Research Economist by profession, and after university he worked at the Economic and Social Research Institute. This was followed by two years in the tobacco company P.J. Carroll before moving on to his final private sector job at CRH.
Cameron Dollar is a former college basketball player and the current head coach for the Seattle University men's basketball team. Dollar was previously an assistant coach under Lorenzo Romar at the University of Washington. Dollar attended University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) and was a member of the 1995 UCLA Bruins national championship team. In the championship game against Arkansas, he replaced injured starter Tyus Edney as the Bruins won 89--78.
Born the eldest son of Lieutenant General Sir George Gordon Lennox, and educated at Eton College Bernard Gordon Lennox was Page of Honour to King George VI. He graduated from the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst and was commissioned into the Grenadier Guards in 1953.
Fred Wedlock was born in the old Bristol Maternity Hospital in Southwell Street, Kingsdown, Bristol. He was brought up in Redcliffe, where his father ran the York House pub. He sang in the church choir at St Mary Redcliffe. Wedlock was educated at Bristol Grammar School in the 1950s. He represented the school and the Old Bristolians playing hockey.
Elaine Brown attended dental school at Tufts University in Boston before opening a dental practice in West Lebanon, New Hampshire. Elaine Brown earned most of the couple's income in dispute in the case in her dental practice.
Juan Pablo Di Pace studied in Europe and speaks Spanish, Italian, and English. He was educated at the United World College of the Adriatic in Duino, Trieste, Italy.
John Shelby is a 1976 graduate of Henry Clay High School in Lexington, KY, where he played baseball (shortstop) and basketball and was an all-area performer. After high school he played one year of baseball at Columbia State Community College in Tennessee.
Christie was born to Alexander Christie (brother of the Unitarian writer William Christie), a merchant in Montrose, Scotland. Christie attended a local grammar school and subsequently became a clerk in a bank. Deciding that he was more interested in literature and science, Christie studied medicine independently and then matriculated at the Westminster General Dispensary in London in 1784. At the same time, he began writing a series of articles on natural history for the Gentleman's Magazine and became friends with its editor, John Nichols. Although he attended the University of Edinburgh in 1785 and 1786 to earn his medical degree, he left the program to dedicate himself to a life of letters.
David E. Mann was born in New York City on November 4, 1924. He was educated at the City University of New York, receiving his B.S. in 1944. He did his graduate work at the University of Chicago, receiving first an M.S. and then a Ph.D. in Chemistry in 1948. He then did postdoctoral research in molecular spectroscopy at the University of Minnesota and Harvard University.
Carl Christian Rafn was born on the island of Fyn, in Funen County, Denmark. After attending the Cathedral School in Odense (Odense Katedralskole), he entered the University of Copenhagen where he earned his law degree and graduated (1816). After having been employed as a lieutenant with the Funen light dragoons in Odense. In 1820, he became a teacher at the 1820 Army Cadet Academy (Landkadetakademiet) in Copenhagen in Latin and grammar.
Christina Rahm arrived in Stockholm in 1782 as the spouse of the wig-maker of the Royal Swedish Opera, Jacob Rahm. She was engaged by Carl Stenborg at the Eriksberg Theatre the same year, and 1784 at the Stenborg Theatre, where she was to be a celebrated prima donna.
James Hilton is an English designer based in London. He co-founded the creative agency AKQA together with Ajaz Ahmed in 1995. Hilton attended Southampton Solent University (then referred to as Southampton Institute of Higher Education). He studied Graphic Design OND then HND from 1990 to 1994.
Meyer Reinhold was born on September 1, 1909. He attended High school at Bushwick High School in Brooklyn. Reinhold went to City College to obtain his bachelors. Then he attended Columbia University, where he earned a Ph.D. in Ancient History in 1933. Following his attendance at Columbia, he spent two years at the American Academy in Rome as a fellow.
Born in the South Bronx, New York, Vega studied at the High School of Art and Design in New York City from 1970-1974. He joined the artist collective Taller Boricua in 1979 where he studied through 1984. While there he was also a pupil of legendary Harlem printmaker Robert Blackburn at his Printmaking Workshop from 1980-1990. At age 12 Vega ran his first marathon in 4 four hours and ten minutes, by age fifteen he ran another marathon with a great time of three hours and twenty two minutes. Being only two minutes away from the qualifying time for the Boston Marathon Manny Vega will not give up and will qualify at whatever price it takes. With help of his cross-country team and SRLA, he is sure he can run faster the next marathon.
Ewart Alan Mackintosh was born on 4 March 1893, the only son of Alexander Mackintosh and his wife. Although he was born in Brighton in Sussex, his father's roots were from Alness in Ross and Cromarty. His maternal grandfather was the preacher James Guinness Rogers. He said that it was because of his grandfather's friendship with British Prime Minister, William Ewart Gladstone, that he was given his first name. He studied locally at Brighton College whilst also studying Gaelic and learning to play the pipes during the holidays. He continued his studies at St Paul's school in London and then studied classics at Christ Church, Oxford. Mackintosh, who was a member of the University of Oxford Officers' Training Corps, tried to join the army immediately war broke out in August and while still in his university course. He was rejected on the grounds of his poor eyesight. He reapplied and was accepted by the Seaforth Highlanders, and was commissioned as a second lieutenant on 31 December 1914. He served with the 5th (The Sutherland and Caithness Highland) Battalion, Seaforth Highlanders (a Territorial Force unit), which was part of 51st (Highland) Division. On 16 May he led a raid during the Battle of Arras where several of his men were killed. One of them, David Sutherland, inspired a poem ``''. Mackintosh was now a temporary lieutenant and he received the Military Cross on 24 June 1916. His citation in the London Gazette reads:
John Cooper, 2005 graduate, attended University of Oklahoma, before being signed by the Minnesota Vikings
His oldest son Craig Heyward Jr. was a walk-on at Middle Tennessee State, where he played primarily on special teams. He is currently signed to the Trenton Steel of the SIFL where he is a running back. His son Corey Heyward graduated from Peachtree Ridge High School and got a basketball scholarship to Morehead State University.
John Frederick McCrea was born on 1 April 1854 at Fort St George, Madras, India to Captain Herbert Taylor McCrea and Elizabeth Dobree Carey. Following his parents' deaths in 1855, he was brought up by his aunt Charlotte in Guernsey and educated at Elizabeth College. He then studied medicine at Guy's Hospital, qualifying in 1878 as a member of the Royal College of Surgeons of England and Edinburgh.
Safer was born to a Jewish family in Toronto, Ontario, the son of Anna (née Cohn) and Max Safer, an upholsterer. He attended Harbord Collegiate Institute, and briefly attended University of Western Ontario.
The son of Brigadier General Walter Allason DSO & Bar (1875--1960), James Allason was educated at Haileybury and Imperial Service College and the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich. He served as an officer in the British Army for 24 years from 1930 to 1954, including in India, Ceylon and Burma, rising to the rank of Lt-Colonel. He joined the Royal Artillery in 1932 transferring to the 3rd Carabiniers in 1937. A gifted mathematician, he addressed the problem of using magnetic compasses with tanks: the Allason Sun compass was adopted for use throughout the Asian theatre.
Seiji Takaku is Professor of Psychology and Institutional Research and Assessment Coordinator at Soka University of America (SUA). He was previously Assistant Professor of Psychology at Minnesota State University, Mankato from 2000 - 2002. He received his B.A. from University of California, Los Angeles, his M.A. from California State University, Long Beach, and his Ph.D. from Claremont Graduate University.
Kate Charles was born Carol Fosher in Cincinnati. Her family moved to Bloomington, Illinois when she was 10. She graduated from Bloomington High School and went on to Illinois State University where she graduated with a degree in library science in 1972. She then went on to earn an MA from the Indiana University. She married Rory Chase and lives in Ludlow, Shropshire, UK. She has been Chair of the Crime Writers' Association and the Barbara Pym Society. In 1996 she underwent open-heart surgery. She was elected to membership in the Detection Club in 2010.
Margery Clinton (1931 -- 2005) was a specialist in reduction lustre glazes. She studied painting at the Glasgow School of Art between 1949 and 1953 and was part of the Young Glasgow group, whose inaugural exhibition was held at the McLellan Galleries in 1958. Clinton developed an interest in ceramics before going on to research reduction lustre glazes at the Royal College of Art in the early 1970s.
David Cordero, 24, is an art student at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago. He is notable for creating a smiling, life-sized sculpture of Barack Obama with a blue neon halo circling his head in Chicago in April 2007 for his senior show that has gained national and international media attention for its messianic likeness to Jesus. Link to Article about Barack Obama as Jesus statue
Early in Jodie Connor's career, she attended Saddleworth School for her high school education before attending The Oldham College where she studied Performing arts and graduated. Connor worked as receptionist in a sports club by day and gigged and performed in the evenings and on weekends. In 2003, Connor appeared as a contestant on the second series of the hit British television talent show Pop Idol. She was an early favourite of the judges, and made it to the final fifty of the competition, earning her the chance to perform live to the nation, but was eliminated after failing to finish in the top two in her group, instead placing fourth of ten. Connor was given a second chance by the judges, and was invited back for the Wildcard round, but again was unsuccessful in making it through to the next round, and was eliminated for good.
His father is a microbiologist and his mother a hand-weaver. They both have always been encouraging his musical and artistic talents since early age. His encounter with Henry Moore and Emilio Vedova during the 80's influenced his career choice. After Graduating from Johanneum zu Lübeck and the completion of his civil service, he studied sculpture at the Muthesius Academy of Fine Arts and Design in Kiel. However, he abandoned his studies to relocate to New York where he worked as a conceptual artist till 1992. Back in Germany, he studied both History of Art and Philosophy at the Free University of Berlin till 1998. The same year he received the Grand Prix de l’Académie des Beaux-Arts (Prix de portrait Paul-Louis Weiller) of the Institut de France. After the completion of his studies, he was teaching compositional analysis and surface geometry at the Institute of Art History of Free University of Berlin till 2005. In 2000 he was invited as a guest professor at Université Paris 8.
Filaret Mykhailovych Kolessa was born in the village of Tatarsk (now the village of Pishchane, Lviv oblast). He studied at the University of Vienna under Anton Bruckner from 1891 - 1892 and he completed his studies at the Lviv University in 1896. Filaret taught in various high schools in Lviv, Stryi, and Sambir. He worked with Ivan Franko, Mykola Lysenko, Lesia Ukrainka. In 1918 he defended his dissertation at the University of Vienna and received the title ``Doctor of Philology''. He studied the rhythms of Ukrainian folk songs of Galicia, Volhyn and Lemkivshchyna. From 1939 he was a professor at the Lviv University, from 1940 the director of the State museum of ethnography in Lviv, director of the Lviv section of the Institute for Art studies, Folklore and Ethnography of the Academy of Sciences of the Ukrainian SSR (from 1940), and a participant at international conferences of musicologists and philologists at Prague, Warsaw, Vienna, and Antwerp.
Dr. James H. Ammons, is currently the president of Florida A&M University (FAMU). He is a native Floridian who grew up in the heart of Florida's citrus belt. He graduated from Winter Haven High School in 1970 and entered Florida A&M University on the Thirteen College Curriculum Program during the fall semester of 1970. In 1974, he graduated cum laude with a B.S. degree in Political Science. After being awarded the Minority Graduate Fellowship from the American Political Science Association, he earned a M.S. in Public Administration in 1975, and a Ph.D. in government in 1977, both from Florida State University.
Virginia Livingston was born Virginia Wuerthele in Meadville, Pennsylvania in 1906. Both her father and grandfather were doctors and she also pursued a degree in medicine. Prior to attending medical school, Livingston earned three BA degrees in English, history, and economics from Vassar College. She then attended New York University, Bellevue Medical College and in 1936, received her degree in medicine with an interest in internal medicine. She was one of four women in her graduating class.
Darrell Van Citters (born October 29, 1956) is an American Director, Animator, and Author, perhaps best-known for directing the animated television series Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi and directing popular Looney Tunes cartoons featuring Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Porky Pig, Sylvester the Cat, Tweety Bird and Foghorn Leghorn. He partnered with Ashley Postelwaite in 1992 to form Renegade Animation. He studied animation at the California Institute of the Arts.
John Cairns (1857--1922) was a United Presbyterian Church minister, writer and biographer. He was born on 13 April 1857 at Stichill in Roxburghshire. He was the son of Rev. David Cairns, United Presbyterian Church minister at Stichill, and of Elizabeth Williamson Smith. He was educated at Edrom Parish School in Berwickshire and at University of Edinburgh where he graduated M.A. in 1878. He trained for the ministry at United Presbyterian College, Edinburgh and at Leipzig University. He wrote a biography of his uncle, John Cairns in the ``Famous Scots Series''. He died in Edinburgh on 13 May 1922.
When Lerner first moved to New York, she worked as a waitress, salesgirl, office clerk, and x-ray technician, all the while writing fiction and poetry; she published two short stories providing a first-person account of the horrors of Nazi occupation. After her divorce with Jensen, she met and married Carl Lerner, a young theatre director who was active with the Communist Party USA (CPUSA). In the 1940s she was active in the Congress of American Women (CAW, a women's group concerned with economic and social issues), helping to found the Los Angeles chapter in 1946. In 1951, she collaborated with poet Eve Merriam on a musical, The Singing of Women. Her novel, No Farewell, appeared in 1955; with her husband, she wrote the script for Black Like Me. Committed Communists, the Lerners were involved in numerous grassroots activities involving trade unionism, civil rights, and anti-militarism; they struggled against McCarthyism, especially the Hollywood blacklist. Lerner returned to school in the late 1950s, receiving a B.A. from the New School for Social Research in 1963 and her Ph.D. from Columbia University in 1966; her dissertation became her first publication, The Grimke Sisters from South Carolina: Rebels Against Slavery (1967). She taught at Long Island University in Brooklyn and at Sarah Lawrence College, where she initiated an influential master's program in women's history in 1972. In 1980, Lerner created the nation's first Ph.D. program in women's history at the University of Wisconsin at Madison, where she became professor emerita. Lerner was among the first to bring a consciously feminist lens to the study of history, producing enormously influential essays and books. Among her most important works are the documentary anthologies, Black Women in White America (1972) and The Female Experience (1976); the essay collections, The Majority Finds Its Past (1979) and Why History Matters (1997); The Creation of Patriarchy (1986) and The Creation of Feminist Consciousness (1993). She published Fireweed: A Political Autobiography in 2002. Lerner was a founding member of the National Organization for Women and the first woman in 50 years to become president of the Organization of American Historians, which named the Gerda Lerner-Ann Scott Prize for the best women's history dissertation in her honor. She was a local and national leader in the organization for a short period. Lerner began her higher education while in her 40s, when her own children were in college, earning an A.B. from the New School for Social Research in 1963 and an M.A. and Ph.D. from Columbia University in 1965 and 1966 respectively. The Lerners subsequently moved to Los Angeles, where Carl went to work in the film industry and went on to become a successful filmmaker. The Lerners would remain together until Carl's death in 1976.
Charles Wolf was a former professional basketball coach. He coached two NBA teams; the Cincinnati Royals from 1960 through 1963, and the Detroit Pistons from 1963 through 1964. He graduated from St. Xavier High School in Cincinnati, Ohio, in 1944.
Charles Yu graduated from the University of California at Berkeley and Columbia Law School. He lives in Santa Monica, California with his wife, Michelle, and their two children.
Richard Culmer had been educated at Magdalene College, Cambridge: he matriculated as Sizar in 1613, B.A. in 1618, and M.A. in 1621. He was ordained in the Diocese of Peterborough that September, and then returned to Kent, marrying Katherine Johnson in 1624. He then established himself as a Puritan Minister of some note. He was generally known in Kent as ``Blue Dick Culmer'' on account of his refusing to wear the usual black gown of a cleric, preferring blue.
On March 27, 2009 Anthony Grant agreed in principle to become the twentieth Crimson Tide head men's basketball coach. Grant came to Alabama after serving as the head coach at Virginia Commonwealth University from 2006 to 2009. In his three years at VCU, Grant led the Rams to three straight regular season Colonial Athletic Association championships and two CAA tournament championships. Before his stint at VCU, Grant served as Billy Donovan's top assistant for 12 years at Marshall and Florida, helping the Gators to their first-ever national championship.
John P. McKay, born in St. Louis, Missouri, is a professor of history and an author. He received his B.A. from Wesleyan University in 1961, and his Ph.D. from the University of California, Berkeley in 1968. He became a professor of history at the University of Illinois in 1976, where he holds the position of Professor Emeritus of history. McKay specializes in modern French history, and nineteenth-century European economic and social history.
Grant started his education at Hogarth Primary School in Chiswick but then moved to St Peters Primary School in Hammersmith. From 1969 to 1978, he attended Latymer Upper School in Hammersmith on a scholarship and played 1st XV rugby, cricket and football for the school. He also represented Latymer on the popular quiz show, Top of the Form, an academic competition between two teams of four secondary school students each. Chris Hammond, his form teacher in 1975 and later the assistant head of Latymer, told People magazine that Grant was ``a clever boy among clever boys.'' In 1979, he won the Galsworthy scholarship to New College, Oxford where he starred in his first film, Privileged, produced by the Oxford University Film Foundation, OUFF. He studied English literature and graduated with 2:1 honours. Actress Anna Chancellor, who knew Grant at Oxford, has recalled, ``I first met Hugh at a party at Oxford. There was something magical about him. He was a star even then, without having done anything.'' He received an offer from the Courtauld Institute of Art, University of London to pursue a PhD in the history of art, but decided not to take the offer because he failed to secure a grant. Viewing acting as nothing more than a creative outlet, he joined the Oxford University Dramatic Society and starred in a successful touring production of Twelfth Night. Hugh Grant funds The Fynvola Grant Scholarship at Latymer Upper School in memory of his mother who was a teacher in West London.
Regino Garcia y Basa (1840 -- 16 July 1916) was a Filipino artist, botanist and forester. He was also a printing instructor at the University of Santo Tomas and director of walks, gardens and parks for Manila. He is noted for being one of the botanical illustrators who produced plates for Francisco Manuel Blanco's Flora de Filipinas, the illustrated version of which was published in Manila between 1877 and 1883.
Naomi Weisstein (1939-) is the daughter of Mary Wenk and Samuel Weisstein. She is a Professor of Psychology, neuroscientist, and author. She graduated from Wellesley College, Phi Beta Kappa, in 1961 and received a Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1964. In 1964 she took a post-doctoral fellowship at the Committee on Mathematical Biology at the University of Chicago. She taught at University of Chicago, Loyola University in Chicago, and at the State University of New York at Buffalo until the early 1980s, when she was stricken with chronic fatigue syndrome, which has left her bedridden. She is married to radical historian Jesse Lemisch.
Philip Roth grew up in the Weequahic neighborhood of Newark, New Jersey, as the second child of first-generation American parents, Jews of Galician descent, and graduated from Newark's Weequahic High School in 1950. Roth attended Bucknell University, earning a degree in English. He pursued graduate studies at the University of Chicago, where he received an M.A. in English literature in 1955 and worked briefly as an instructor in the university's writing program. Roth taught creative writing at the University of Iowa and Princeton University. He continued his academic career at the University of Pennsylvania, where he taught comparative literature before retiring from teaching in 1991.
Wallace John Eckert was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He was not related to another computer pioneer of the time, J. Presper Eckert (1919--1995). He graduated from Oberlin College in 1925, and earned an MA from Amherst College in 1931. He started teaching at Columbia University in 1926, and earned his PhD from Yale in 1931 in astronomy under Professor Ernest William Brown (1866--1938).
John Preston Maxwell was born on 5 December 1871 in Birmingham, where his father Dr James Laidlaw Maxwell, practised medicine. He attended University College School and University College London, before taking his clinical training at St Bartholomew's Hospital, from which he emerged with a gold medal in obstetrics and went on to work as a resident at St Bartholomew's. Then, following his devout Presbyterian faith, Maxwell became a Medical missionary for the English Presbyterian Church and, in about 1898, went to Fujian in China, where he spent the majority of his professional life. He worked at Yungchun Hospital, Fujian, from 1899 to 1919, and Changpoo, Amoy.
Vaughan born at Leicester, the son of James Vaughan, a physician, and his wife, Hester née Smalley. His brothers were Sir Henry Halford (Vaughan), who dropped the family name; Sir John Vaughan (1769--1839), a Baron of the Exchequer; and Peter Vaughan, Warden of Merton College, Oxford. Vaughan was educated at Rugby School, where he entered on 22 January 1788, and at Merton College, Oxford, matriculating on 26 October 1791. He graduated BA in 1796 and MA in 1798, in which year he was also elected a fellow of All Souls College, Oxford. He intended to follow the medical profession, attending lectures in both Edinburgh and London, and took the degree of MB in 1800. He was, however, elected Radcliffe Travelling Fellow on 4 December 1800, and spent the next three years in Germany, France, and Spain. In 1804, he visited Constantinople, Asia Minor, and Syria. The following year, he made his way from Aleppo to Persia, fell ill near the Caspian Sea, and was indebted perhaps for his life to the kindness of some Russian officers. With them, he sailed for the Volga in November, was shut out by the ice, and had to spend the winter on the desert island of Kulali, but eventually arrived at Astrakhan in April 1806, reaching England by way of St Petersburg on 11 August 1806.
Nancy G. Siraisi (born 1932) is an American historian of medicine, and Distinguished Professor Emerita in History at Hunter College, and City University of New York. Nancy Siraisi received a B.A. (1953) and an M.A. (1958) from the University of Oxford and a Ph.D. (1970) from the City University of New York. She was a professor of history at Hunter College (1970--2003) and the Graduate Center (1976--2003) at the City University of New York.
Sergei Vinogradov was born in Kurgan, Kurgan Oblast, Russian SFSR in 1958. In 1960, however, he moved to Moscow with his family as his father was promoted to a new position there. He attended school from 1965 to 1975 and was involved in school bands during his senior years (playing the guitar). From 1975 to 1980 Sergey Vinogradov studied international journalism at the Moscow State Institute of International Relations. Upon graduation, he received a job at the International Life (Mezhdunarodnaya Zhizn) magazine.
Millard Hampton attended Silver Creek High School in San Jose, California, where he was coached by former San Jose State great Bobby Poynter, graduating in 1974 and continues to hold the school record in the 100 m at 10.4 sec. and the 200 m record at 20.8 sec. While at Silver Creek, in 1974 he won the CIF California State Meet title that had eluded his father.
The artifacts including a makeshift smoking pipe, bullets turned into gaming pieces, a tourniquet buckle, jewelry, eating utensils, and coins``were found at Magnolia Springs State Park in Millen, Georgia. The area was the site of Camp Lawton, which at the close of the Civil War was believed to be the largest prison camp in the world. The state park was established in the 1930s, after the exact boundaries of the prison camp were no longer known. The widely accepted view by many archaeologists was that there were no significant or personal Civil War artifacts to be found at the site. Georgia Southern University archaeology graduate students began conducting research there in the fall of 2009 at the request of Georgia Department of Natural Resources Director Chris Clark. Clark, an alumnus of Georgia Southern University, hoped the team could pinpoint the location of the stockade walls that originally surrounded the prison. If the team was successful, Clark eventually planned to reconstruct the walls to bring additional tourists to the park. However, no one believed the land still contained much else in the way of Civil War artifacts.
Mark V. Holmes (born New York, 1960) is a judge of the United States Tax Court. He earned a B.A. from Harvard College in 1979 and his J.D. from the University of Chicago Law School in 1983. He was appointed by President George W. Bush as Judge, United States Tax Court, on June 30, 2003, for a term ending June 29, 2018.
McCullum first joined World Championship Wrestling (WCW) with a group of fitness models (Tylene Buck, April Hunter, Kim Kanner (Shakira) and Pamela Paulshock), as nWo girls. McCullum was given the name Midajah and, along with Kanner who was nicknamed Shakira O'Neal, became the valets of Scott Steiner. They were nicknamed the ``Freaks''. She then became the main valet for Steiner and became part of the Magnificent Seven. Midajah trained at the WCW Power Plant but never had a match. She had a brief feud with Leia Meow. She appeared on the final episode of Nitro in Steiner's corner as he was defeated by Booker T.
Struther Arnott was born in Larkhall, Lanarkshire, and educated at the Hamilton Academy (1945--52) where in 1952 he received the Academy's Gold Medal for General Scholarship and Silver Medal in Chemistry and in Mathematics, and from which school he won 5th place overall and 1st science place in the University of Glasgow Open Bursary Competition, 1952.
Raised in northern Virginia, Fraize attended the New England Conservatory of Music in Boston where he studied classical saxophone. He later studied at the Royal Conservatory of The Hague under Dutch saxophonist Leo van Oostrom. While there Fraize worked with Scapes, a quintet which won first prize at the 1989 Middelzee Jazz Concours. On returning to the United States in 1989, Fraize formed the fusion group, Stickman, which performed at the Mellon Jazz Festival in Pittsburgh. Fraize is a member of the Greg Hatza Organization and is also in a rock group, The Emptys. His jazz group, The Peter Fraize Quartet, won the 1999 Wammie award (Washington Area Music Association) for Contemporary Jazz Ensembles. In July 2008, Fraize performed two concerts in Lima, as well as giving master classes in several colleges and institutes in Peru.
The crowd showed strong vocal support for successful Democratic candidates Brown and Strickland. They booed at footage where Blackwell suggested Strickland had been a member of the North American Man/Boy Love Association and cheered when LeBron James claimed he would have attended The Ohio State University had he not been able to enter the NBA at 18.
Christien Gholson is an American born writer and the author of one book of poetry, On the Side of the Crow. Gholson grew up in the navy and moved around quite a bit. He attended Naropa University and University of California at Davis. Gholson's work has appeared in various magazines, including Alaska Quarterly Review and Hanging Loose, and his first book of poetry was published in 2006. His first novel, A Fish Trapped Inside the Wind was published by Parthian in June 2011.
J. Stafford Wright graduated from classics from Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge in 1927 and was one of the first students at Tyndale Hall, and in 1930 vice-principal. From 1945-1950 he was senior tutor at Oak Hill College, London, then from 1951-1969 principal of Tyndale Hall. Among his staff were Philip Edgecumbe Hughes, and John Wenham. In 1967 he was made an honorary canon of Bristol Cathedral
In 1760, at age 15, he completed the five-year program earning him a Bachelor of Arts degree at the College of New Jersey (now Princeton University) and then studied medicine under Dr. John Redman in Philadelphia. Redman encouraged him to further his studies at the University of Edinburgh, where he earned a medical degree. While in the United Kingdom practicing medicine, he learned French, Italian, and Spanish. Returning to the Colonies in 1769 (age 24), Rush opened a medical practice in Philadelphia and became Professor of Chemistry at the College of Philadelphia (now the University of Pennsylvania).
Dr. Joshua N. Weiss is a negotiation expert and Associate Director of the Global Negotiation Initiative at Harvard University. He received his Ph.D. from the Institute for Conflict Analysis and Resolution (ICAR) at George Mason University in 2002. Weiss has spoken and published on negotiation, mediation, and systemic approaches to dealing with conflict. He conducts research, consults with many different types of organizations, delivers negotiation and mediation trainings and courses, and engages in negotiation and mediation at the organizational, corporate, government, and international levels.
Nanae Takahashi graduated from All Japan Women's Pro-Wrestling's (AJW) training class of 1996, and rose to prominence at a time when AJW was beginning its decline. Early on, she achieved the most fame as part of the tag team Nanamomo with classmate Momoe Nakanishi. Together, Nanamomo won four tag team championships, the AJW Tag Team Championship twice (on November 23, 1997 and August 23, 1998) and the WWWA World Tag Team Championship twice (on July 16, 2000 and July 6, 2002). Concurrently, Takahashi was making a name for herself as a singles competitor, winning the AJW Championship on March 1, 2000, and the junior division competition at that year's Japan Grand Prix. Having established herself as a major competitor, Takahashi won the 2002 Japan Grand Prix, and won her first WWWA World Heavyweight Championship on December 12, 2004. During AJW's final years she won the WWWA World Tag Team Championship three more times (each time with a different partner), and the WWWA World Heavyweight Championship once more. She was the last WWWA champion, handing over the belt to promoter Takashi Matsunaga immediately after winning it on March 26, 2006.
Richard Rose (born 8 April 1933 St Louis, Missouri) is an American political scientist who is currently Director of the Centre for the Study of Public Policy and Professor of Politics at the University of Aberdeen, Scotland. He studied as an undergraduate at Johns Hopkins University and completed his PhD at the University of Oxford. He has conducted research on a wide range of topics, including the Northern Ireland conflict, EU enlargement, democratisation, elections and voting. He was formerly Professor of Politics at the University of Strathclyde, a position he held from 1966 to 2005, and Lecturer in Government at the University of Manchester, from 1961 to 1966.
He was born the fourth son of Edward Parry, a clergyman in North Wales, who at that time was rector of Llanferres, Denbighshire. Parry was educated at Oriel College, Oxford, matriculating in 1812 and graduating first-class in mathematics and second-class in classics four years later. He was appointed a Fellow of Balliol College, Oxford in 1818 and obtained a Master of Arts in the following year.
Gell was the son of another Philip Gell of Hopton Hall. He was educated at Manchester Grammar School. Gell was offered a position as M.P. for Malmesbury which he bought for £4,000. In 1797 he married Georgiana Nicholos. There is no record of any speeches he made whilst serving for either Malmesbury or for Penryn.
Kevin Danaher is an author and anti-globalization activist. With his wife Medea Benjamin and activist Kirsten Irgens-Moller, he co-founded Global Exchange, a social justice and anti-globalization non-governmental organization based in San Francisco, California. He is the founder and executive co-producer of the Green Festivals and he is executive Director of the Global Citizen Center. He received his Ph.D. in sociology from the University of California, Santa Cruz.
Khoo Kay Kim was born in Kampar, Perak, Malaysia on March 28, 1937. He received a B.A., M.A., and a Ph.D. in 1959, 1967, and 1974 respectively from the University of Malaya. His doctoral thesis was entitled The Beginnings of Political Extremism in Malaya 1915-1935 (1973) and was supervised by Kennedy G. Tregonning- at the time a Raffles Professor of History at the University of Malaya. Khoo is one of the co-authors of Rukunegara.
Jessica Jung was born on April 18, 1989 in San Francisco, California. She was born in the same hospital as fellow member Tiffany. She auditioned at the SM Entertainment Casting System and joined the company in 2000. She had been trained for seven years as a trainee before debuting with Korean girl group Girls' Generation. Jessica graduated from Korea Kent Foreign School in 2007.
Ashley Dzerigian is an American bass player. She currently plays for My Jerusalem, Money Mark and Square On Square. She is a graduate of the California Institute of the Arts and lives in Los Angeles, California. Ashley is also the former bassist of the band Great Northern (indie band). She plays a Gibson Thunderbird Bass.
In 1976, Ueshiba graduated from Meiji Gakuin University with a degree in economics. In 1996, he assumed the position of Dojocho (director/owner) of Aikikai Hombu Dojo. In 1997, he visited Ireland. He assumed the title of Doshu on January 4, 1999, following the death of his father, Kisshomaru Ueshiba. In January 2006, as part of Aiki-Kai Australia's 40th anniversary, Ueshiba visited and taught in Australia.
Nancy Winstel (born Newport, Kentucky) is the head women's basketball coach at Northern Kentucky University. She ranks 3rd in wins among NCAA Division II women's basketball coaches and 9th in winning percentage with an overall record of 636-238 (73%). Having finished her 27th season as coach of the Norse, Winstel has compiled a record at NKU of 597-197 (75%). In 2000, NKU won the NCAA Women's Division II Basketball Championship, the first national championship in the history of the school and the first national championship by a Kentucky college women's team in any sport at any level. NKU won their second NCAA Women's Division II Basketball Championship in 2008, becoming one of only five schools to win more than one. The 2006-2007 team and Winstel are the subject of Thirteen Women Strong: The Making of a Team, written by NKU English professor Robert K. Wallace. A graduate of St. Thomas High School in Fort Thomas, Kentucky, Winstel received her BA in Physical Education and History from Northern Kentucky University in 1977. She was a walk in on NKU's first women's basketball team. She then after received her Master's degree in Physical Education with an emphasis on coaching from Indiana University in 1978, then soon became head women's basketball coach at Midway College in Kentucky for three years. In 1981, she returned to NKU as assistant coach for the women's basketball and volleyball teams and head coach of the women's softball team for two years before becoming head women's basketball coach in 1983.
David Aldrich Nelson (August 14, 1932 -- October 1, 2010) was a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Nelson was born at Watertown, New York, the son of Carlton Low Nelson and Irene Demetria Aldrich Nelson. He was educated in the public schools of East Aurora, New York, and at Hamilton College, from which he was graduated in 1954 as valedictorian. Nelson began his legal studies that year as a Fulbright Scholar at the University of Cambridge in England. En route to England, he met Mary Dickson, a recent Vassar College graduate who also was a Cambridge-bound Fulbright Scholar. The couple became engaged in England; they were married for fifty-four years and had three children. Nelson took first class honours at Cambridge in 1955, on the strength of which he was retrospectively made a scholar of his college, Peterhouse.
Thomas Harlan Ellett was born at Red Oak, Iowa on September 2, 1880. Ellett was educated at the Armour Institute of Technology in Chicago (Certificate in Architecture, 1902) and at the University of Pennsylvania's School of Architecture (B.Arch., 1906). After his graduation from Penn, Ellett won the Cresson Traveling Fellowship from the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts, which allowed him two years of independent study in Paris and Rome.
Martin Bernal was born in 1937 in London, the son of the physicist John Desmond Bernal and artist Margaret Gardiner. He was educated at Dartington Hall School, then at King's College, Cambridge, where he was awarded a degree in 1961 with first-class Honours in the Oriental Tripos. At that time he specialised in the language and history of China, and spent some time at the Peking University. He carried on as a graduate student at Cambridge, and with the assistance of the Harkness Commonwealth Fellowship also at University of California, Berkeley and Harvard University, finishing his PhD in Cambridge in 1965 when he was elected a fellow there.
John Edward Sawyer (1917 -- 1995) was a prominent academic and philanthropic administrator. He was educated at Worcester Academy and then Deerfield Academy, Williams College, and Harvard University. He served as the 11th president of Williams College, and headed the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation. In 1988 Sawyer was awarded the Public Welfare Medal from the National Academy of Sciences.
Gentle Giant was formed in 1970 when the Shulman brothers teamed up with two other multi-instrumentalists, Gary Green (guitar, mandolin, recorder etc.) and Kerry Minnear (keyboards, vibraphone, cello etc.), plus drummer Martin Smith, who had previously drummed for Simon Dupree and the Big Sound. The classically-trained Minnear had recently graduated from the Royal College of Music with a degree in composition, and had played with the band Rust. Green was essentially a blues player and had never worked with a band above the semi-professional level, but adapted readily to the demanding music of the new band. The Shulman brothers, meanwhile, settled into typically multi-instrumental roles of their own: Derek on saxophone and recorder; Ray on bass and violin; Phil on saxophone, trumpet, and clarinet. The new band also featured three lead vocalists: Derek Shulman (who sang in a tough rhythm-and-blues style and who generally handled the more rock-oriented vocals); Phil Shulman (who had a softer voice and handled the more folk-influenced leads); and Kerry Minnear (who had a particularly delicate voice and sang lighter folk and chamber-classical lead vocals). However, Minnear did not sing lead vocals at live concerts, due to his inability to support and project his voice at a level suitable for live amplification (Derek and Phil Shulman handled Minnear's lead vocal parts when the band played live). It has been reported that Elton John unsuccessfully auditioned for lead vocalist with the newly formed group.
In the Book of Jubilees, the Angel of the Presence explains to Moses the history of Israel. Jubilees depicts this entity as one of God's special agents and does not provide him with a specific name. In the Testament of Judah, Judah states that he has received blessing from the Angel of the Presence. The Second Book of Enoch identifies Uriel as the Angel of the Presence or else as one of the Angels of the Presence.
Steve Cascione (nicknamed Cash) was born in Providence, Rhode Island on November 12, 1954. After graduating from Classical High School in Providence, Cascione attended the University of Rhode Island where he graduated in 1977 with a BA degree in Geography and Meteorology. Cascione attended MIT, where he took graduate courses in weather forecasting. In 1978 he went on to become a forecast meteorologist for AccuWeather in State College, Pennsylvania. In 1980, Cascione returned to Rhode Island, worked at WLNE-TV ABC6, and created a weather consulting business called Ocean State Weather. During his first stint at WLNE, he hosted the self-titled cooking segment Steve's Cooking Up a Storm.
Kalen Bruce Thornton (born May 12, 1982 in Dallas, Texas) is a former American football linebacker for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League. He played in fifteen games in the 2004 season but was forced to retire in 2006 after missing part of the 2005 season because of a knee injury. Following his professional football career, Thornton spent time in private wealth management for Morgan Stanley Smith Barney until 2009 and now is a student at Stanford Graduate School of Business. Thornton graduated from St. Mark's School of Texas. He played college football for the University of Texas at Austin, where he was an All-Conference defensive end as well as an Academic All-Conference student-athlete.
Matvei Gedenschtrom attended University of Tartu. He did not finish his studies and left his alma mater in favor of work at Tallinn customs. Soon, however, he was arrested in connection with a smuggling affair, tried, and then banished to Siberia. In 1808, Gedenschtrom arrived in Irkutsk and received his first duty assignment, namely, the exploration of the coastline of the Arctic Ocean. Lacking necessary scientific background, Matvei Gedenschtrom had to study a lot in order to be able to reckon a latitude and longitude of a given location and use scientific equipment in general. Gedenschtrom led the cartographic expedition to explore the New Siberian Islands (together with Yakov Sannikov and land surveyors Pyotr Pshenitsyn and I.Kozhevin). The theory about the existence of the so called Sannikov Land somewhere northwest of the Kotelny Island originated during this very expedition. Gedenschtrom established the presence of the so called ``Siberian polynya'' - patches of open water in sea ice at the edge of the drifting ice and continental fast ice. In 1809, Gedenschtrom visited the eastern shores of an island, discovered by merchants Semyon and Lev Syrovatsky three years earlier, and named it New Siberia (this name would be officially endorsed in 1810). Gedenschtrom charted the coastline between the mouths of the rivers Yana and Kolyma. He also made many trips across Yakutia and areas east of the Lake Baikal.
Sobel was born in the Bronx, in New York City, New York. He completed his B.S.S. (1951) and M.A. (1952) at City College of New York, and after serving in the U.S. Army, obtained a Ph.D. from New York University in 1957. He started teaching at Hofstra in 1956. Sobel eventually became Lawrence Stessin Distinguished Professor of Business History at Hofstra. After his death, the university established the Robert Sobel Endowed Scholarship for Excellence in Business History and Finance.
Hisham Mackie was born in Freetown, Sierra Leone in 1969 to a Sierra Leonean-Lebanese family which has been in the diamond business since 1952. His father, a second generation Sierra Leonean-Lebanese, was among the first diamond dealers licensed by the Sierra Leone government during the early sixtees. Mackie did his secondary education at the famous and elite Bo School in Bo and graduated in 1986. After graduating from the Bo School, he went to England where he attended the University of London in 1987. Mackie joined the diamond business in 2002 as an export license holder.
At number 33, the Moravian Chapel (Fetter Lane Society) was founded in 1738. The ``Trust Society for the Furtherence of the Gospel'' was founded by the Moravian Church in 1741. They undertook missionary work and were based at Fetter Lane. The composer Christian Ignatius Latrobe did missionary work for them in South Africa. The organisation still exists, but is now based in Muswell Hill. For 67 years, Birkbeck, University of London, was located at Breams Buildings on Fetter Lane. Both Charles Lamb and Mary Lamb attended William Bird's Academy in Fetter Lane.
Howard F. Chang graduated cum laude from Harvard College in 1982 with an AB degree in government. In 1985, he received a Master of Public Affairs degree from the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University, where he studied economics and public policy. He graduated magna cum laude from Harvard Law School with a JD degree in 1987. He was the supervising editor of the Harvard Law Review from 1986 to 1987. He received a PhD in economics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1992.
Ahmed Kaboudan (born on February 28, 1956 in Cairo, Egypt) is a doctor who pursued an interdisciplinary career in dentistry, mathematics, physics and computer science. He received his D.D.S. from Cairo University at 1980, then a Master in Orthodontics and Biomechanics from Paris University (Pierre et Marie Curie, France) at 1985 and a Ph.D. in Computer Science in real time simulation from Washington University in St. Louis at 2001. He joined the University of Connecticut (UCONN, USA) as a visiting professor, researching and developing computer applications in the field of Biomechanics and Computer Graphics as a visiting professor at 1986.
John Kekes is Professor Emeritus of Philosophy at the University at Albany (formerly State University of New York - Albany). He received his Ph.D. in philosophy from the Australian National University.
Charles Rollin Keyes (1864--1942) was a U.S. geologist and in 1918 was a U.S. Senate candidate in Iowa. Born in Des Moines, Iowa, he graduated from Iowa State University in 1887. He worked for the United States Geological Survey. He earned a Ph.D. from Johns Hopkins University in 1892. He served as Assistant State Geologist of Iowa, Director of the Bureau of Geology and Mines of Missouri and was president of the New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology at Socorro. Keyes was also an avid ornithologist, publishing the first detailed listing of birds in Iowa in 1889. In 1918 he was the Democratic candidate for the U.S. Senate from Iowa, losing to William S. Kenyon.
Uri Tracy (February 8, 1764 - July 21, 1838) was a United States Representative from New York. Born in Norwich, Connecticut to Daniel Tracy and Mary Johnson, he graduated from Yale College in 1789 and became a Presbyterian clergyman and missionary to Native Americans. He moved to Oxford, New York in 1791, where he married Ruth Hovey, daughter of General Benjamin Hovey, on August 28th,1793. He would live in Oxford for the rest of his life.
Zoe Nicholson is a feminist activist and author who had a notable role in the campaign for the Equal Rights Amendment. She earned a bachelor's degree in Roman Catholic Theology from Quincy University in 1969 and a Master's degree in Ethics and Religion from the University of Southern California in 1975. She taught high school for five years, but left in 1976 to open a women's bookstore in California called Magic Speller Bookstore.
Mike Metheny (pronounced ; b. 1949, Lee's Summit, Missouri) is an American jazz flugelhornist and music journalist. He is perhaps best known as the brother of jazz guitarist and composer Pat Metheny. Metheny studied music education at the University of Missouri and Northeast Missouri State University, then played trumpet in the Army Field Band (1971-74). Following his stint in the army, he became an adjunct lecturer and ``assistant to the head of the trumpet department'' at the Berklee College of Music (1976-83).
Karin Stephen was educated at Newnham College, Cambridge, where she became a Fellow. She married Adrian Stephen shortly before World War I; the couple, as conscientious objectors, spent the war working on a dairy farm. After the war, the couple trained as doctors and then went into analysis with James Glover; when he died in 1926, Karin continued with Sylvia Payne. Accepted as an associate member of the British Psychoanalytical Society in 1927, she became a full member in 1931.
Dorchester was the second son of Joseph Damer, 1st Earl of Dorchester. He was educated at Eton and Trinity College, Cambridge, where he took his MA in 1767.
Jian Wang began to study the cello with his father when he was four. While a student at the Shanghai Conservatoire, he was featured in the celebrated documentary film From Mao to Mozart: Isaac Stern in China. Mr Stern's encouragement and support paved the way for him to go to the United States and in 1985 he entered the Yale School of Music under a special programme where he studied with the renowned cellist Aldo Parisot.
Paul Llewellyn (born 8 June 1957) is an Australian politician. Llewellyn graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Biology from Murdoch University in 1977, and a Masters in Natural Resource Management from the UWA school of Agricultural and Resource Economics in 1984. He has worked as an environmental planning and management consultant, a builder, and wind-energy planner. He has lived and worked in and around the South West for more than 30 years.
Melvinder Kanth is an award winning documentary film-maker and actor who has appeared in several TV films and theatre in the United Kingdom and Singapore since 1996. He appeared in 2008's Kallang Roar the Movie as Captain of the Legendary Singapore national football team of the 1970s. Melvinder Kanth trained at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School in England.
He began playing organ at two and by seven was an improviser. He appeared on Japanese television with his father from 1968 to 1970. At twelve he switched to piano after being impressed by albums by Oscar Peterson. In 1980 he entered the Berklee College of Music and later worked with Gary Burton. He also had his debut in 1983 before returning to his native Japan.
Jefferson Johnson is Director of Choral Activities at the University of Kentucky in Lexington, Kentucky where he conducts the UK Chorale and UK Men's Chorus. He also teaches advanced choral conducting, choral methods and literature, and directs the graduate program (MM and DMA degrees) in choral music. A native of Atlanta, he received the Bachelor of Music degree from the University of Georgia (magna cum laude, 1978), the Master of Music from the University of Tennessee (1981), and the Doctor of Musical Arts degree from the University of Colorado (1992). While living in Atlanta, he was also a member of the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra Chorus and Chamber Chorus conducted by Robert Shaw.
Born in Cleveland, Ohio, John Clague studied at the Cleveland Institute of Art, earning his Bachelor of Fine Arts in 1956 under Edris Eckhardt, Walter Sinz, Walter Midner, John Bergschneider, Julius Schmidt, and William McVey. He was awarded The Yale/Norfolk Fellowship and, after graduation, spent a year in Europe as a Catherwood Foundation Traveling Fellow. He taught sculpture at Oberlin College (1957--1961), and at the Cleveland Institute of Art (1956--1971), becoming chairman of the institute's sculpture department.
Joe Nicoletti, is an American politician and business person. Previously elected offices include city councilor, member of the New York Assembly. Joe is a lifelong Syracuse, New York resident. He resides on the North Side. Joe is a graduate of the Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs at Syracuse University. He is a graduate of Henninger High School in Syracuse.
Isbrand van Diemrbroeck was born in Montfoort in 1609. He studied first in Utrecht, and then in Leiden under Daniel Heinsius and Otto Heurnius. He received his doctorate in medecine from the University of Angers. He worked in Nijmegen in 1635 and 1636, during the Black Death epidemic. He wrote about his eperiences in treating the plague in his work De Peste of 1646. He then went to Utrecht and married Elisabeth van Gessel on 18 October 1642. In 1649, he became a professor of medecine and anatomy at Utrecht University, where Regnier de Graaf was a student of his. He was twice rector of the University of Utrecht. His son Timann van Diemerbroeck, also a physician, collected his father's works in the Opera omnia in 1685.
Derval Symes received a bursary for a residency at The Tyrone Guthrie Centre in 2004. She also received a bursary from Leitrim County Council in 2006 for artists born or living in Leitrim. In 2005, the book Earthworks by Philomena Kearney-Byrne about the works of Derval Symes was published by BackYard books.
Oscar Rosander (25 July 1901 - 7 May 1971) was a Swedish film editor with more than 100 feature film credits. He was born in Eksjö, Sweden in 1901. He studied modern languages at Uppsala University and later worked with film dubbing and editing for the Swedish film studio Svensk Filmindustri.
The son of Guildhall School of Music professor and flautist Geoffrey Gilbert, John Selwyn Gilbert attended the Hall School in Hampstead from 1949 to 1956, St. Paul's School from 1956 to 1960, and the Sorbonne in Paris from 1960 to 1961. He graduated from Merton College, Oxford in 1965 with a BA in Modern History. From 1963 to 1964 he was an Assistante at the Liceo Scientifico Leonardo da Vinci in Milan, and gained a Diploma in Education at the Oxford Institute of Education in 1966. Gilbert then worked for Argo Records as an assistant on recordings by Ewan MacColl and Peggy Seeger and as a record producer with Tom Paley, Shirley Collins, The Young Tradition and others. He recorded James Galway, who had been a student with his father, the Allegri Quartet and many others.
John Graham Jr. graduated from Yale University, established a short-lived satellite office of his father's firm in New York City in 1937, and took over the main office in 1946. Renaming the firm to John Graham & Company, the firm expanded a relatively modest regional practice to an office with national presence. It was ultimately responsible for over a thousand commissions.
Plummer was born in New York City, New York, the daughter of actors Tammy Grimes and Christopher Plummer. Plummer attended Middlebury College in Vermont and acting classes at the Neighborhood Playhouse in New York. Early in life, her interest was in riding and tending to horses on the East Coast and in Ireland.
Robert J. Bolger was born in 1922 and raised in Philadelphia. He graduated from Villanova University with a B.S. degree in Economics. He was a Navy fighter pilot during World War II and served on the Boxer and Independence aircraft carriers flying missions in F4U Corsairs. Robert J. Bolger is routinely credited as the man that brought the Pharmaceutical industry into the modern era. He was the first President and CEO of the National Association of Chain Drug Stores from 1962 to 1987. Subsequently, he served as a member of the NACDS Honorary Board. He has served on the Board of Directors for Barr Pharmaceuticals from 1988 to 2002. In addition, he is one of the authors of the book Chain Drug Store Management and Operations.
MacLeish was born in Glencoe, Illinois. His father, Scottish-born Andrew MacLeish, worked as a dry goods merchant. His mother, Martha (née Hillard), was a college professor and had served as president of Rockford College. He grew up on an estate bordering Lake Michigan. He attended the Hotchkiss School from 1907 to 1911 before entering Yale University, where he majored in English, was elected to Phi Beta Kappa, and was selected for the Skull and Bones society. He then enrolled in Harvard Law School, where he served as an editor of the Harvard Law Review. In 1916, he married Ada Hitchcock. His studies were interrupted by World War I, in which he served first as an ambulance driver and later as a captain of artillery. He graduated from law school in 1919, taught law for a semester for the government department at Harvard, then worked briefly as an editor for The New Republic. He next spent three years practicing law.
Born at Braine l'Alleud, south Brussels, Vincent Allard received his medical studies in France where he obtained several degrees from the University of Paris and Institut Pasteur in 1947 and 1948. In 1949 he was in the United States where he studied fungal diseases at the Harvard Medical School. Then he lived in Zaïre where he developed laboratories and was professor of histology general until 1975.
Gail Leven Pollock studied at Mercer University in Macon, Georgia, and Georgia College and State University in Milledgeville, Georgia. She continued her studies at Westminster Choir College in voice and conducting. After completing her studies she took a position as faculty member at Macon State College and worked as a composer and organist at Riverside United Methodist Church in Macon, Georgia.
A young black man named Paul shows up at the home of art dealer Flan Kittredge and his wife Ouisa, who live overlooking Central Park in New York City. Paul has a minor stab wound from an attempted mugging, and says he's a friend of their children at Harvard University. The Kittredges are trying to sell a painting by Paul Cézanne and now have this wounded stranger in their home. Paul claims he is in New York to meet his father, who is directing a film version of the Broadway musical Cats. Paul continues to charm them with his story, though, in reality, it is all a lie: Paul (if that even is his name) is not a Harvard student but obtained details on the Kittredges from another male student he had seduced. Eventually Paul uses their home for an encounter with a hustler, but is caught in flagrante delicto. The police are called, but Paul escapes. Soon after, Paul starts up another con against a sensitive young man named Rick and his live-in girlfriend, Elizabeth. The young couple are new to the big city and, based on Paul's con, invites him to live with them until he gets everything sorted out with his wealthy father--who Paul tells them is Flan Kittredge. The trio become good friends, with Paul spinning a tale of being estranged from his racist father; the girlfriend tells Rick not to lend Paul any money. One night Paul takes Rick out on the town, and seduces him in order to get the money. Later that night, Rick tells Elizabeth that Paul is gone, that he has all their money, and that he and Paul had sex. In a fit of fury, she cruelly suggests that Rick's father had always questioned his son's sexuality. Soon afterwards Rick commits suicide.
Charles Frederick Lyttelton (26 January 1887 - 3 October 1931) was an English cricketer, who played 31 first-class games for Cambridge University, Worcestershire and MCC in the early twentieth century. He was educated at Eton College, and was also a clergyman.
Bertram Gawronski graduated in 1995 with a B.A. in Philosophy from the University of Würzburg, Germany. In 1998, he completed a M.A. in Philosophy at the Free University of Berlin, Germany, and in 2001 a Ph.D. in Psychology at the Humboldt University of Berlin, Germany. From 2002 to 2004, Gawronski worked as a Post-Doctoral Fellow with Galen Bodenhausen in the Department of Psychology at Northwestern University in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A.. In 2004, he accepted a position as Assistant Professor at The University of Western Ontario in London, Ontario, Canada, where he was awarded a Canada Research Chair in 2005. He was promoted to the rank of Associate Professor in 2008 and to the rank of Full Professor in 2010.
Colin Baker was born in London, but moved north to Rochdale with his family early in his life. He was educated at St Bede's College, Manchester and originally studied to become a solicitor. At the age of 23, Baker changed professions and enrolled at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art (LAMDA), where he studied alongside David Suchet. His mother is of Irish ancestry.
Reading was the son of Rufus Isaacs, 1st Marquess of Reading, and Alice Edith Cohen. He was educated at Rugby School and Balliol College, Oxford. He served in the First World War, winning the MC and reaching the rank of Lieutenant Colonel.
He was born the son of Sir Henry Frederick Thynne of Caus Castle, Shropshire, and Kempsford, Gloucestershire, and his wife, Mary, daughter of Thomas Coventry, 1st Baron Coventry of Aylesborough. He succeeded his father as 2nd baronet (1681) and married Frances, daughter of Heneage Finch, 3rd Earl of Winchilsea. He was descended from the first Sir John Thynne of Longleat House. He was educated at Kingston Grammar School and entered Christ Church, Oxford on 21 April 1657. He was invested as a Fellow of the Royal Society on 23 November 1664.
Paul Schneider (born 1962 and raised in Amherst, Massachusetts) is an American author of non-fiction books and magazine articles. The son of Peter and Pat Schneider, he graduated from Brown University in 1984. He has contributed to periodicals including the New York Times, O, the Oprah Magazine, Audubon, ELLE, Esquire, The New Yorker, and Mirabella. He lives in West Tisbury, Massachusetts.
Cathy J. Cohen (born 1962) is an American author, feminist and social activist whose work has focused on the African American experience in politics from a perspective which is underlined by intersectionality. A former Director of the Center for the Study of Race (2002--2005), she is currently David and Mary Winton Green Professor in Political Science and the College at the University of Chicago. She received her BA from Miami University; Ph.D. from the University of Michigan in 1993 and began her academic career at Yale University where she received tenure. Professor Cohen joined the faculty of the University of Chicago in 2002.
Lidija Cvetkovic was born in the former Yugoslavia and emigrated to Australia with her family in 1980. She earned a BA at the University of Queensland and has worked as a teacher and currently as a psychologist. Her writing draws on her Yugoslav heritage and the former country's history in an intensely lyrical manner. Her War is Not the Season for Figs won the 2003 Thomas Shapcott Poetry Prize and the 2004 Anne Elder Award.
Lisa Wiegand was born 1968, Royal Oak, Michigan, USA. She graduated in 1989 from Wayne State University, and obtained her MFA in cinematography from UCLA in 1998. In 1995, she received a Masters in Cinematography from the American Film Institute AFI.
Brian Lara has established the Pearl and Bunty Lara Foundation, which is a charitable organisation in memory of his parents that aims to address health and social care issues. He is an Ambassador for Sport of the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago, and travels on a diplomatic passport to promote his country throughout the world. Brian Lara received an honorary doctorate from the University of Sheffield on Wednesday 10 January 2007. The ceremony took place at the Trinidad Hilton, Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago.
Born in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Ed Whalen was studying medicine at the University of Saskatchewan in 1948 when he dropped out to take a part-time job in radio broadcasting at CFQC radio. In 1955, he moved to Calgary and became the News and Sports Director for the new Calgary TV station CHCT (later popularly known as 2&7, and then Calgary 7, and later still as part of the Global Television network).
Professor Jeffrey Nielsen was educated at Weber State University and Boston College. At Boston College, he was a Teaching Fellow where he taught courses in logic and critical thinking, the history and philosophy of art and science as well as in ethics and epistemology. He has also taught in the philosophy department at Brigham Young University, where he taught courses in the ethics of leadership, reasoning and writing, as well as in the history and development of science. His teaching focuses on issues in ethics, moral decision-making, and democracy.
Donald Deskey (23 November 1894 -- 29 April 1989) was a native of Blue Earth, Minnesota. He studied architecture at the University of California, but did not follow that profession, becoming instead an artist and a pioneer in the field of Industrial design. In Paris he attended the 1925 Exposition Internationale des Arts Décoratifs et Industriels Modernes, which influenced his approach to design. He established a design consulting firm in New York City, and later the firm of Deskey-Vollmer (in partnership with Phillip Vollmer) which specialized in furniture and textile design. His designs in this era progressed from Art Deco to Streamline Moderne.
Dene Olding is the son of the husband and wife piano duo Max Olding and Pamela Page. In 1971, aged only 14, he attended the Juilliard School in New York as a scholarship student of Ivan Galamian and Margaret Pardee. He graduated in 1978. He attended master classes with Nathan Milstein and had further lessons with Herman Krebbers and György Pauk.
Tannenbaum approached Rabbi Baruch Taub, a prominent alumnus of Yeshivas Ner Yisroel in Baltimore, who grew up in Toronto, and who was then national director of the National Conference of Synagogue Youth, NCSY in New York, to be the Rabbi. By the mid 1980s, the community had reached over 200 families, and has now grown to over 700. The synagogue's former Chazzan, Rabbi Manny Klein, developed the first youth programs. The new building was dedicated in 1988.
Bradley was born at Clapham, Surrey, England (now part of the Greater London area). He was the child of Charles Bradley, an evangelical preacher, and Emma Linton, Charles's second wife. A. C. Bradley was his brother. Educated at Cheltenham College and Marlborough College, he read, as a teen, some of Kant's Critique of Pure Reason. In 1865 he entered the University College, Oxford. In 1870, he was elected to a fellowship at Oxford's Merton College where he remained until his death in 1924. Bradley is buried in Holywell Cemetery in Oxford.
Simon Malian is the founder of the Malian Foundation, a multi-national non-profit organization. Malian completed his university education at the University of Technology, Sydney after accepting a scholarship within the Bachelor of Information Technology program.
Holmes was born in Dungannon, County Tyrone, the son of William Holmes of Dungannon and Anne Maxwell. He attended Trinity College, Dublin. He was called to the English bar in 1864 and to the Irish bar in 1865.
Woodbridge's younger brother Benjamin Woodbridge, who went to Massachusetts a few years after him, was the first graduate of Harvard College in 1642.
Rev. Benjamin Woodbridge, born 1622 in Wiltshire, England. He matriculated at Oxford University on 9 November 1638. However, because of unsettled conditions in England caused by growing strife between the Crown and Parliament, he left his studies at Magdalen Hall and embarked in 1639 for New England. He entered Harvard College and was first graduate of that College, receiving his B.A. degree at the head of a class of nine students at the first Commencement 23 September 1642. He returned to England with his brother, John. In 1647 he was appointed minister at Newbury, Berkshire. On 16 November of the following year after residence at Magdalen Hall, Oxford University, he received his M.A. degree. He was dismissed at Newbury in 1662 but continued to preach privately. He was a member of the Savoy Conference and served as Chaplain to King Charles II. He received Episcopal Ordination after the Restoration, but subsequently he became a non-conformist. He never returned to New England. He died 1 November 1684 in Inglefield, Berkshire, England, sine prole. He was buried 4 November from the Parish Church of St. Nicholas, Newbury, ``being followed by a vast concourse of people, but there is no record to mark the spot of his interment.''
Paul Woodfull (born in 1958 in Dublin, Ireland) is an Irish writer, actor, comedian and musician. He has written two television series, a CD and the comedy musical play I, Keano. He is a graduate of the National College of Art and Design in Dublin.
Like André the Giant, Wight used to have acromegaly, a disease of the endocrine system. Wight underwent successful surgery in the early 1990s on his pituitary gland which halted the progress of this condition. By the age of twelve, Wight was tall, weighed , and had chest hair. In 1991, as a member of the Wichita State University basketball team at age nineteen, Wight was listed at . His shoe size is 18 5 E, his ring size is 22, and his chest is in circumference. Prior to attending Wichita State University, Wight attended Northern Oklahoma Junior College in Tonkawa, OK, competing on the basketball team. In 2005, Wight leased a bus and hired a bus driver because of the practical problems his size presents to air travel and car rental. Wight played basketball and football in high school at Wyman King Academy in Batesburg-Leesville, South Carolina. He was a standout center for the basketball team and a tight end for the football team. While at Wichita State University, Wight played basketball. Wight also attended Southern Illinois University Edwardsville from 1992 to 1993, was a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division II Cougars basketball team, and is a member of the Xi Beta Chapter of Tau Kappa Epsilon fraternity at Southern Illinois University-Edwardsville. During his one year at SIUE, Wight scored a total of thirty-nine points for the Cougars in limited action.
Cheryl Anne Lorance (b. 1969: Muncie, Indiana) is an American sculptor, painter, goldsmith, and intaglio printmaker. She graduated from Ball State University (painting and sculpture). She received both a graduate assistantship and Creative Arts Grant from the same university and later completed a masters thesis on the subject of bronze patination. She currently is a resident of Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Melissa de la Cruz spent her early years in Manila in the Philippines and emigrated to the United States with her family when she was 12. Her father was an investment banker. The family settled in San Francisco, where she graduated from Convent of the Sacred Heart High School. She went on to study art history and English at Columbia University. Her work as a nanny and her visits to The Hamptons formed the background for book series, The Au Pairs. Her work as a fashion writer for Marie Claire was the inspiration for How to Become Famous in Two Weeks or Less which she co-authored with Karen Robinovitz.
Webber was born in London, the son of a surgeon, William Webber. He was educated at Tonbridge School, Kent, at Norwich under Dr John Woolley and Pembroke College, Oxford where he obtained B.A. in 1859 and M.A. in 1862. He was ordained a deacon in 1860 and a priest in 1861.
Pravrajika Vrajaprana was born in California in 1952. Vrajaprana graduated from the University of California, where she also worked briefly as Associate Professor of Literature. She came in contact with Swami Prabhavananda Vedanta Society of Santa Barbara in 1967, while involved with anti-Vietnam war activism. In 1977 she joined the Sarada Convent of the Vedanta Society at Santa Barbara. She took the first vows of brahmacharya in 1983 and had final vows of sannyasa in 1988.
Kuldesh Johal (born 25 September 1980 in Huddersfield) is a professional snooker player. He has qualified for the main tour for the 2008/2009 season by finishing comfortably ranked number one on the Pontins International Open Series, where he earned a record 1070 points from the eight events. He previously contested the 2002/2003 season with little success. He won the 2000 Pontins Autumn Pro-Am. He won the 2010 English Pro Ticket Tour Play Offs to regain his place on the professional Main Tour for the 2010/2011 season.
He is a son of social scientist Talcott Parsons. A specialist in the philosophy of mathematics and logic, Parsons earned his Ph.D. at Harvard University in 1961, under the direction of Burton Dreben and Willard Van Orman Quine. He taught for many years at Columbia University before moving to Harvard University in 1989. He retired in 2005 as the Edgar Pierce professor of philosophy, a position formerly held by Quine. In addition to his work in logic and the philosophy of mathematics, Parsons was an editor, with Solomon Feferman and others, of the posthumous works of Kurt Gödel. He has also written on historical figures, especially Immanuel Kant, Gottlob Frege, Kurt Gödel, and Willard van Orman Quine. Among his doctoral students were James Higginbotham, R. Gregory Taylor, Peter Ludlow, Richard Tieszen, Gila Sher, Emily Carson, Michael Glanzberg, and Øystein Linnebo.
During the early years of education, Akhudiat attended the School of the People (SR) in Rogojampi, Banyuwangi, and graduated in 1958. He continued school at the First Religious Affairs of Teacher Education (PGAPN) IV Jember, from where he graduated in 1962. Then, he went to school in Malang, while teaching at several junior/high school, and madarassas. After that, Akhudiat gained a diploma in 1965 from the State Islamic Education (Phin) III Yogyakarta. In 1965, he also joined Acting Course Theater Muslim in Yogyakarta. During the years 1972-1973, he joined the Academy of Journalists Surabaya (AWS), but did not complete his course. Akhudiat also took courses in English Indonesian Institute of America (LIA), Soetomo Surabaya, up to advanced level. In 1992, he earned his bachelor's degree from the Open University (UT), Faculty of Social Sciences (FISIPOL). As a poet, Akhudiat, also went to pursue the International Writing Program at the University of Iowa, U.S.A. for six months, where he learned the language and theater.
Malcolm Penny is a British zoologist who is known for his ornithological field work on Aldabra and the Seychelles. In 1964 he graduated in zoology at the University of Bristol. He led scientific expeditions to Aldabra and the Seychelles in the Indian Ocean and he worked as conservationist for the Wildfowl and Wetlands Trust in England. He further made travels to Africa, India and the Arctic. Together with Constantine Walter Benson he wrote the scientific description of the Aldabra Brush-warbler in 1968. Since 1994 he works as freelance writer for television companies like the BBC, the ZDF, or the ORF and he has also contributed to the Discovering Nature and Animal Kingdom wildlife book series for children.
Harvey Kaye was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to working class parents. His father was an upholsterer, and his mother, a homemaker. At age 9, he began studying classical clarinet and continued to age 17. Kaye attended Central High School an all male academic city school. As rock and roll became popular in 1957, he switched to saxophone and formed a band. Kaye performed with many recording stars, including Mel Torme, Wayne Newton, Lionel Hampton, Fats Domino, Maynard Ferguson, Bill Haley & the Comets and The Isley Brothers. He later attended Temple University using the proceeds from his musical performances for tuition.
Marvan Atapattu had his education at Mahinda College, Galle and Ananda College, Colombo. He is married to Neluni Atapattu, an accountant by profession. Marvan and Neluni have two daughters.
Tarquinia Tarquini (1882 - 25 February 1976) was an Italian dramatic soprano and the wife of composer Riccardo Zandonai. Born in Colle di Val d'Elsa, Tarquini studied singing at the Milan Conservatory and privately in Florence. She made her stage debut in 1905 and spent the next two years performing in opera houses throughout Italy.
Alumnae of the college are known as Maggie Murphs. Stephanie Kwolek, the inventor of Kevlar, graduated from Margaret Morrison Carnegie College in 1946 with a B.S. in General Science (Chemistry). Newbery Medal winning-author E. L. Konigsburg is a 1952 graduate of Margaret Morrison Carnegie College.
Erin McCarley (born January 8, 1979 in Garland, Texas) is an alternative music singer-songwriter. McCarley attended college at Baylor University, and is now based in Nashville, Tennessee. She has been compared to Sara Bareilles, Regina Spektor, and Sheryl Crow. Currently, Erin is working on her follow up to 2009's Love, Save the Empty.
Stephanie Kaza attended Sunset High School in Portland, Oregon, where she graduated in 1964. She went on to Oberlin College for a B.A. in biology and the Stanford University School of Education for an M.A. in education, finishing in 1968 and 1970 respectively. Kaza earned her PhD in biology at the University of California, Santa Cruz in 1979. In 1991, Kaza finished work at the Starr King School of Ministry, earning a Master of Divinity degree. She has studied with Thich Nhat Hanh and Joanna Macy.
Michael Cullen migrated to New Zealand while young and attended secondary school at Christ's College in Christchurch, and achieved an MA in History at Canterbury University. Receiving the Commonwealth Scholarship he then gained a PhD in Social and Economic History from the University of Edinburgh. From 1971 to 1981 he was a lecturer at Otago University, with a term as a Visiting Fellow at the Australian National University from 1975 to 1976. On 16 December 2009, he received an honorary LLD from the University of Otago in recognition of ``his contributions as an Otago academic and as a respected and highly influential politician''.
Bob Adelman (born 1931) is an American photographer known for his images of the African-American Civil Rights Movement. Raised on Long Island, New York, he earned his B.A. at Rutgers University, Law Studies from Harvard University, and M.A. in Philosophy from Columbia University.
Ban Chiang () is an archeological site located in Nong Han district, Udon Thani Province, Thailand. It has been on the UNESCO world heritage list since 1992. Discovered in 1966, the site attracted enormous publicity due to its attractive red painted pottery. Villagers had uncovered some of the pottery in prior years without insight into its age or historical importance. In August 1966 Steve Young, an anthropology and government student at Harvard College, was living in the village conducting interviews for his senior honors thesis. Young, a speaker of Thai, was familiar with the work of William Solheim and his theory of possible ancient origins of civilization in Southeast Asia. One day while walking down a path in Ban Chiang with his assistant, an art teacher in the village school, Young tripped over a root of a tree Kapok and fell on his face in the dirt path. Under him were the exposed tops of pottery jars of small and medium sizes. Young recognized that the firing techniques used to make the pots were very rudimentary but that the designs applied to the surface of the vessels were unique and wonderful. He took samples of pots to Princess Phanthip Chumbote who had the private museum of Suan Pakkad in Bangkok and to Chin Yu Di of the Thai Government's Fine Arts Department
Ban Chiang () is an archeological site located in Nong Han district, Udon Thani Province, Thailand. It has been on the UNESCO world heritage list since 1992. Discovered in 1966, the site attracted enormous publicity due to its attractive red painted pottery. Villagers had uncovered some of the pottery in prior years without insight into its age or historical importance. In August 1966 Steve Young, an anthropology and government student at Harvard College, was living in the village conducting interviews for his senior honors thesis. Young, a speaker of Thai, was familiar with the work of William Solheim and his theory of possible ancient origins of civilization in Southeast Asia. One day while walking down a path in Ban Chiang with his assistant, an art teacher in the village school, Young tripped over a root of a Kapok tree and fell on his face in the dirt path. Under him were the exposed tops of pottery jars of small and medium sizes. Young recognized that the firing techniques used to make the pots were very rudimentary but that the designs applied to the surface of the vessels were unique and wonderful. He took samples of pots to Princess Phanthip Chumbote who had the private museum of Suan Pakkad in Bangkok and to Chin Yu Di of the Thai Government's Fine Arts Department
Morey was living in Laguna Beach, California, by 1944 and was avidely developing his talent for drumming in his youth and became a professional musician in the 1950s. While surfing as a hobby he attended the University of Southern California and graduated with a B.A. in mathematics in 1957. He married Jolly Givens in 1957 and worked for Douglas Aircraft, as a process engineer in composites. After Douglas, he worked a series of jobs involving composite materials and processes, which he applied to his surf-related inventions. He left the corporate world for good in 1964, moved to Ventura and started a series of companies that served the surfing market, currently TomMorey.com and sponsored surfing competitions such as The Tom Morey Invitational. Tom and Jolly's marriage produced two daughters, Michelle (deceased) and Melinda (artist and surfer). They divorced in the late 1960s.
John Strachan was born on a farm, Crichie, near St. Katherines in Aberdeenshire. His father had made his fortune by trading in horses, and had rented the farm. From 1886 John attended Robert Gordon's College as a boarder in Aberdeen. In 1888 he moved with his father to Craigies in Tarves. In 1895 he moved back to Crichie, which became his own farm in 1897. It was still rented, but he bought it in 1918. By 1939 he was successful enough to own five farms. He became president of the Turriff Agricultural Association. He died in Crichie.
Leonard Beeghley (born December 14, 1946) is Professor Emeritus of sociology at the University of Florida since 1975. He received his Ph.D. from the University of California at Riverside in 1975 and has since published seven books over the course of his career. Two of these seven books, The Emergence of Sociological Theory and The Structure of Social Stratification in the United States ``become standard references in the field.'' His interests include the relationships between social stratification, public policy and societal problems. He has been covering the socio-economic class structure of the United States in five volumes since 1978.
Fortescue was the third son of Hugh Fortescue, 2nd Earl Fortescue, and Lady Susan, daughter of Dudley Ryder, 1st Earl of Harrowby. His paternal grandmother Hester Grenville was the daughter of George Grenville. Hugh Fortescue, 3rd Earl Fortescue and the Hon. John Fortescue were his elder brothers. He was educated at the University of Oxford.
Buddug Verona James is a Welsh mezzo-soprano opera singer who studied at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama, the National Opera Studio and in Rome. She was born in Cardigan, Wales.
He was born in Dallas, Texas. He had a sister, Beverley, and a brother, the pianist, conductor and composer Robert Black. He studied at Oberlin College; with Rosina Lhévinne and Beveridge Webster at the Juilliard School in New York, earning a master's degree in 1976 and a doctorate in 1979; and at the Mozarteum in Salzburg, Austria.
Fleming was the son of Sir Thomas Fleming and his wife Mary James, the daughter of Dr Mark James. He was educated at Emmanuel College, Cambridge in 1586 and at Lincoln's Inn in 1590. From about 1583 he was a J.P. for Hampshire. He was a burgess of Southampton in 1599. In 1601, he was elected Member of Parliament for Winchester. He was knighted in 1605. Southampton. When his father was made a judge, he replaced him as MP for Southampton. He succeeded the estates of his father in 1613. In 1614 he was elected MP for Southampton and was re-elected MP for Southampton in 1621.
Carla Turco is a television personality, designer, and community advocate. A native of Bahía Blanca, Argentina, Turco moved in adolescence to New Orleans, Louisiana, with her family in 1985. Since 2002, Carla has been based in Tucson, Arizona. She received a B.A. in Architecture from Louisiana State University, and is the principal and creator of the graphic design firm Nontextual Matters. She has recently worked on projects for the United States Postal Service, designing cachet and cancellation collaterol for US stamps, including one dedicated to martyred Mexican-American journalist Rubén Salazar.
Gavin Long was born in Foster, Victoria, the eldest of six children of George Merrick Long, a clergyman. He was educated at Trinity Grammar School where his father was headmaster, and All Saints College, Bathurst.
During World War II, Paret served in the United States Army between 1943--1946 in New Guinea, the Philippines, and Korea. During the 1950s, Paret worked as a journalist before turning towards writing history. Paret received a BA at the University of California in 1949 and a PhD at the University of London in 1960, where he studied under Michael Howard. Paret was a research associate at Princeton University (1960--1962), and taught at the University of California, Davis (1962--1968), and at Stanford University (1969--1986),as the Raymond A. Spruance Professor of International History. In 1986 he became the Andrew W. Mellon Professor in the Humanities, School of Historical Studies at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton (1986--1997). Among his other appointments, he served as a Senior Fellow at the Hoover Institution on War, Revolution and Peace (1988--1993). At present Paret is an Emeritus Professor at the Institute for Advanced Study. He is also the 2008 Lees Knowles Lecturer at Trinity College, Cambridge. His wife Isabel Harris Paret is on the faculty of the Robert Wood Johnson Medical School in New Brunswick and a child psychoanalyst by whom he has two children, one of whom Paul Paret is a professor of art history at the University of Utah.
Richard Dickins, a graduate of the Royal College of Music where he was an Exhibitioner and prizewinner, studied conducting with Norman Del Mar. He subsequently worked as Del Mar's assistant on many occasions with orchestras such as the Philharmonia, Royal Philharmonic and Bournemouth Symphony. He has gained a reputation for his high degree of sympathetic rapport with concerto soloists and this has led him to work with some of the UK's finest musicians including Raphael Wallfisch, James Bowman, Christopher Cowie, John Harle, Noriko Ogawa and Philip Dukes.
Burnet was born at Edinburgh, Scotland in 1643, the son of Robert Burnet, Lord Crimond, a Royalist and Episcopalian lawyer, who became a judge, and of Rachel Johnston, the sister of Johnston of Warristoun, a leader of the Covenanters. His father was his first tutor until he began his studies at the University of Aberdeen, where he earned a Master of Arts in Philosophy at the age of thirteen. He studied law briefly before changing to theology, and earned his Doctor of Divinity by the age of eighteen. He did not enter into the ministry at that time, but travelled for several years. He visited Oxford, Cambridge, London, the United Provinces and France. He studied Hebrew under a Rabbi in Amsterdam. By 1665 he returned to Scotland and was ordained in the Episcopal Church by the Bishop of Edinburgh.
Richmond Campbell Shakespear Waller (26 July 1879 -- 28 June 1950) was an English cricketer and decorated Royal Marines officer. He was born in Barton, Gloucestershire. He was educated at Haileybury and Imperial Service College from 1893 to 1897.
Edward Barnes studied music composition at the Juilliard School with composers Vincent Persichetti and David Diamond, and at Dartington Hall in Great Britain with composer-conductor Sir Peter Maxwell Davies. Early in his career he established himself as an opera composer, working in Boston as resident composer of Sarah Caldwell's Opera Company of Boston and later at the Los Angeles Opera. For the Los Angeles Opera he wrote and music-directed his original operas ``A Muskrat Lullaby'', ``A Place To Call Home'', ``Mystery on the Docks'' as well as the opera revue ``Murder at the Opera'', a co-commission from the Los Angeles Opera and Houston Grand Opera. His interest in theater and musical theater led him to found The Metro Ensemble, a new musical theater group based in Los Angeles for whom he created the critically acclaimed shows ``The Vagabond Queen'', ``Old Aunt Dinah's Sure Guide To Dreams & Lucky Numbers'', and ``The Bones of Love''. Other theater work has included scores for Lincoln Center Theater, Bay Street Theater, Children's Theater Company of Minneapolis, and the Directors Company. He received a Drama Desk nomination for his co-adaptation of the Vortex Theater's off-Broadway production of ``HMS Pinafore'' in 2007. A resident artist at the Ucross Foundation, the Instituto Sacatar in Brazil, and the Fundacion Valparaiso in Spain, he is the recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship and the Stephen Sondheim Award.
The Rt Rev Kenneth Mackenzie (10 June 1863--20 April 1945), DD was an eminent Anglican priest in the mid 20th century. Born in Edinburgh, he was educated at Loretto School and Keble College, Oxford and ordained after a period of study at Ripon College Cuddesdon in 1891.
Mark A. Smith, son of John Smith (1936-; underground coal miner Longwall mining) and Rita Joyce Smith (1935--2004; housewife), grew up in Wigston Magna, Leicester, where he attended Bushloe High School. After receiving a full scholarship (grant), he became the first in his family to attend university/college and, in 1986, received a B.Sc. with honors in Molecular Biology & Biochemistry from Durham University, and, in 1990, a Ph.D. in Biochemistry from Nottingham University. After a brief immersion in big pharma as a postdoctoral biochemist in the Division of Immunodermatology at Sandoz Forschungsinstitut (now Novartis) in Vienna, Austria, he began working in 1992 at Case Western Reserve University where he was one of the most prolific and the most cited faculty member on campus, numerically accounting for over 1% of publications and 4% of citations over the past years (data from Institute for Scientific Information).
Michael Kasha (born December 6, 1920) is an American physical chemist and molecular spectroscopist who is one of the original founders of the Institute of Molecular Biophysics at Florida State University (FSU). Born in Elizabeth, NJ to a family of Ukrainian immigrants, he earned his Ph.D. in chemistry from University of California at Berkeley in 1945, working with renowned physical chemist G.N. Lewis.
Bill Buckner was born in Vallejo, California and grew up in American Canyon, California. Buckner graduated from Napa High School in 1968 after playing on the school's baseball and football teams. While playing football, he was a two-time All-State wide receiver Coaches and also achieved All-America honors twice. Buckner was selected by the Los Angeles Dodgers in the second round of the 1968 Major League Baseball Draft. His friend, Bobby Valentine, was the Dodgers' first round pick. Upon signing with the Dodgers, Buckner was assigned to the Ogden Dodgers of the Pioneer Baseball League, where he played for manager Tommy Lasorda. He also briefly attended the University of Southern California and Arizona State University and became a member of the Sigma Chi Fraternity while a farmhand with the Dodgers.
Peter Murray studied at the prestigious Architectural Association School of Architecture in the 1960s.
David Grimes (born 9 March 1948, Salem, Massachusetts) is an American composer. In 1970 he graduated from the Berklee College of Music with a Bachelor of Music degree. He then entered the University of Toronto where he earned a Master of Music in 1972. In 1971, he co-founded the Canadian Electronic Ensemble (CEE) with David Jaeger, James Montgomery and Larry Lake. He performed internationally and made several recordings with the group over the next 15 years. In 1976 his composition Increscents won the CBC National Radio Competition for Young Composers. In 1986 he returned to the United States. He currently teaches on the faculty of Northeastern University.
Andrew Hoskins (born December 20, 1975 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a Canadian rower. He is a graduate of the University of Alberta. He won the gold medal at both the 2003 and 2002 world championships for Canada's men's eight team in Milan, Italy and Seville, Spain respectively. Andrew comes from a long line of rowers on his mother's side: He is the grandson of the late, great Ted Lindstrom; the nephew of Olympian David Lindstrom (Montreal 1976), and the cousin of Olympian George Keys (Seoul 1988).
Downes was born in West Roxbury, Massachusetts, the son of Olin Downes. He was educated at Columbia University and the Manhattan School of Music and received a Ph.D. in musicology from Harvard University in 1958. Downes served in the Army during World War II. During the war he worked for a time for Arthur M. Schlesinger, Jr., preparing briefing books for the Office of Strategic Services.
Eric Owens is an American operatic bass-baritone born July 11, 1970 in Philadelphia. He attended Central High School (Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) ``247'', Temple University's Boyer College of Music, and the Curtis Institute in Philadelphia. Owens has performed both in new works and reinterpreted classic repertoire.
Robin Lett (born December 23, 1986 in Westminster, London) is an English cricketer who plays for Somerset. He is a right-handed batsman and occasional right-arm medium pace bowler. He was educated at Millfield School.
Currie Graham (born February 26, 1967) is a Canadian stage, film and television actor. He studied at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York City.
Thomas Blatherwick was born on 25 December 1855 in Quebec. He attended Epsom College.
Andrew Devane (1917--2000) was an Irish architect born in Limerick. He studied architecture at University College Dublin and was awarded the Taliesin Fellowship and in 1946 he left Ireland for the United States to study under Frank Lloyd Wright. On his return to Ireland he Joined the established large architectural practice of Robinson + Keefe as a Partner, among whose best known works were Stephen Court and the Irish Life Centre in Dublin. Stephen Court was highly recommended in the European Architectural Heritage Year awards for its sympathy with its Georgian surroundings. Later on in life Devane spent much of his time devoted to charity work, especially for Mother Teresa's cause in Calcutta, India.
James Lanier was born in 1800 in Beaufort County, North Carolina. He and his family moved to Madison, Indiana in 1817, the year after it became a state. He married his first wife, Elizabeth Gardner, in 1819. He studied law at Transylvania University and began practicing in 1820. During the 1820s he was assistance clerk to the Indiana Legislature and later Clerk to the Indiana House of Representatives where he was involved in assisting to move the capitol from Corydon to Indianapolis in 1825.
James W. Chesebro is Distinguished Professor of Telecommunications in the Department of Telecommunications at Ball State University. He received his Ph.D. from the University of Minnesota in 1972.
Rui Jorge Costa Figueiredo (known as Rui Figueiredo) (born 7 April 1983 in Barcelos, Portugal) is a Portuguese football midfielder who last played for Nea Salamis at Cypriot Second Division.
Rosendo Chamorro Oreamuno was briefly President of Nicaragua in 1923. He received a doctorate from the University of Paris.
Marek Jan Chodakiewicz earned B.A. degree from the San Francisco State University in 1988, M.Phil. from Columbia University, and Ph.D. with distinction from Columbia University in 2001. His Ph.D. thesis was entitled: Accommodation and Resistance: A Polish County Kraśnik during the Second World War and its Aftermath, 1939-1947. Between 2001 and 2003 Chodakiewicz was an assistant professor at the University of Virginia at Charlottesville as the holder of the Kościuszko Chair in Polish Studies of the Miller Center of Public Affairs. In 2003, Chodakiewicz was appointed Research Professor of History and in 2004 Professor of History at the Institute of World Politics in Washington, DC, where he teaches and conducts research on East Central Europe and Russia. His expert areas include History, Democracy Building, Communism, American Foreign Policy and International Relations. Since 2008, he has also held the Kościuszko Chair in Polish Studies at IWP. In April 2005, Chodakiewicz was appointed by President George W. Bush for a 5-year term to the United States Holocaust Memorial Council.
Dr. Michael E. Dreher, also known as Mike Dreher, is a right-wing Swiss politician, and founder of the Freedom Party of Switzerland (originally ``Motorist Party'', ). He holds an MBA from University of St. Gallen and was an MP from 1987--1999.
Thekla Beere was born at Streete, County Westmeath, where her father, the Rev. Francis Beere, was the Church of Ireland rector. She attended Alexandra College, Dublin and did a moderatorship in Legal and Political Sciences and an LL.B at Trinity College, Dublin.
Hieronymus Froben (1501--1563) was a famous pioneering printer in Basel and the eldest son of Johann Froben. He was educated at the University of Basel and traveled widely in Europe.
Shane Sims (born April 30, 1988) is an American ice hockey defenseman. He is from East Amherst, New York. He attended The Ohio State University. He was drafted by the New York Islanders in the 5th round (126th overall) of the 2006 NHL Entry Draft. On April 9, 2011 he signed a one-day NHL regular season amateur tryout agreement. On April 9, 2011 he appeared in the Islanders 2010-2011 season finale against the Philadelphia Flyers late in the 3rd period making his NHL debut.
Eugenios Eugenidis was born in Didymoteicho on 22 December 1882, the son of Agapios Eugenidis, a senior judge in the Ottoman Empire, and of Charikleia Afentaki. He studied at the prestigious Robert College, the most selective independent private high school in Constantinople, which he graduated at the age of twenty. By that time Eugenidis had already envisioned the possibility of going to Greece and building large shipyards, on a par with the best in the world.
Ernst Enno was born the son of a farmer Prits Enno. He spent his childhood on Soosaar farm near Rõngu. At the age of eight, he attended the parish school of Lapetukme and then the prestigious Hugo Treffner Gymnasium and at the secondary school (Reaalkool) in Tartu. Enno studied business administration from 1896 to 1904 at the Riga Polytechnic Institute (now Riga Technical University). During his Riga period he worked as a journalist. After studying Enno was briefly a general counsel at the credit union in Valga and in a trading company in Pärnu. 1902 to 1904 he was editor of the newspaper Postimees in Tartu and from 1923 to 1925 editor of the Estonian children's magazine Laste Rõõm, and on other magazines. In addition, he was employed from 1920 to 1934 as a training officer in Lääne County. In 1909, Enno married the artist Elfriede Olga Saul (died 1974 in exile in England).
Sheena Blackhall (b. Sheena Booth Middleton) was born in 1947 in Aberdeen, daughter of the manager of Strachan's Deeside Omnibus Service, Charles Middleton, and his second cousin, farmer's daughter Winifred Booth. She was educated in Aberdeen, but summered in Ballater for many years. Her brother, Ian Middleton, was an accomplished organist and clavichord player, who was the manager of a merchant bank in São Paulo, Brazil, where he settled and died. During the typhoid epidemic in Aberdeen of 1964, Blackhall was hospitalized in the town's City Hospital for several weeks. The family transport firm, owned by her aunt, closed as a side effect of this. After a year's study at Gray's School of Art, Blackhall passed a teaching diploma and worked for a time as a special needs teacher, marrying and raising a family of 4 in this period, when she wrote children's stories for BBC Radio Scotland. In 1994 she obtained a Bsc (Hons. Psych) from the Open University, going on to gain an M.Litt with Distinction from Aberdeen University in 2000. From 1998-2003 she was Creative Writing Fellow in Scots at Aberdeen University's http://www.abdn.ac.uk/elphinstone/ Elphinstone Institute and is currently attached to the Institute as an Honorary Research Associate. In 2003 she travelled as part of a group to Washington, showcasing Scotland's culture as a guest of the Smithsonian Institution. In 2007 she was Creative Writing Tutor at the Institute of Irish and Scottish studies at King's College, and two years later was Writer in Residence during Aberdeen University's Word Festival. In April 2009 she was inaugurated as Makar for Aberdeen and the North East of Scotland. She has won the Robert McLellan tassie for best Scots short story 3 times (1989,1990,2001) and the Hugh MacDiarmid trophy for best Scots poem 4 times (1990,2000,2001,2010). In 1992 she shared the Sloane Award with Matthew Fitt from St. Andrew's University. Other prizes include awards from the Doric Festival, the Bennachie Baillies, and from the TMSA for ballad writing and traditional singing. She has twice been shortlisted for the Callum Macdonald Poetry Pamphlet prize (2005 & 2009). In 2007, Lallans Magazine awarded her the William Gilchrist Graham prize for best Scots short story. She has also been shortlisted for the McCash poetry prize.
Joel Turrill was born February 22, 1794 in Shoreham, Vermont and attended the common school. He later graduated from Middlebury College in 1816. He studied law in Newburgh, New York and later moved to Oswego, New York to practice after being admitted to the bar in 1819. He served as Justice of the Peace, County judge 1828-1833, and member of the State assembly in 1831.
Alan Cumyn was born in Ottawa, Canada in 1960, and began writing poetry and short stories in high school. In 1979 he attended Royal Roads Military College in Victoria, British Columbia, but found that a year of miltary life was sufficent. By 1984 he had a degree in English and History from Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario, and an M.A. in Creative Writing and English Literature from the University of Windsor, where he studied under Alistair MacLeod. For the next two years Alan Cumyn ran a group home in Toronto for the national youth volunteer organization Katimavik. In 1986 he married and spent the next year in the coal-mining, train station town of Xuzhou, China, teaching English. The year abroad launched a career in various posts in international development, and was the inspiration for both Cumyn's first novel, Waiting for Li Ming, published by Goose Lane Editions in 1993, and for his popular guide to work and study abroad, What in the World is Going On? , first published in 1988 by the Canadian Bureau for International Education (CBIE).
Kate Clinton is a self-described ``fumerist,'' or feminist humorist, who has set out to prove that being lesbian can be, and often is, funny. She was raised in a large Catholic family. In young adulthood she jokingly describes herself as a ``pre-Michael J. Fox conservative'' who attended Le Moyne College, a small Jesuit liberal arts college. She received her Masters from Colgate University, and went on to teach high school English.
Luther Leonidas Terry was born in Red Level, Alabama. His father, James Edward Terry, M.D., a graduate of the University of Alabama School of Medicine, was the ``town doctor'' for Red Level. Many of Luther Terry's earliest memories were of helping his father in the pharmacy and clinical offices in Red Level and driving his father in the family's Ford Model A to emergency appointments out in the county.
James Howard Gore was born on September 18, 1856 to parents Mahlon Gore and Sydney Cather in Frederick County, Virginia. Growing up, Gore lived on a farm with this family, but at the age of four, Gore's father died. From this point on, Gore's mother took on the responsibility of raising Gore and his two brothers, whom he shared farm chores with. From an early age, Gore displayed interest in the sciences and mathematics and often read scientific literature. Gore took very seriously his education and chose to attend the Hamilton Academy, Richmond College and finally Columbian University (now, The George Washington University). Gore also took time abroad and performed his post graduate studies in Berlin, Leyden and Brussels between the years of 1894 through 1897. However, it was in 1877 that Gore graduated from Columbian University but remained there as a tutor. Thus began his profession of teaching. From 1878 -- 1881 he served as a tutor at Columbian University in mathematics; from 1881 -- 1883 Gore served as an adjunct professor of mathematics at Columbian University; in 1884 -- 1887 he was professor of mathematics and geodesy at the Corcoran Scientific School at the George Washington University; from 1884 -- 1909 Gore was a respected professor at the Corcoran Scientific school until his retirement; in 1888 he received an honorary doctorate from Columbian University; and in 1909 -- 1939 Gore was a professor emeritus until his death in 1939. Throughout his time teaching at The George Washington University, Gore lived not too far away in a neighborhood frequented by today's students in Friendship Heights, Maryland. On July 20, 1889, Gore married Lillian van Sparrendahl and they had one child. He died on June 10, 1939 at the age of 82 years old. The George Washington University continues to preserve what materials they have from his days as a professor.
Ann Beattie (born September 8, 1947) is an American short story writer and novelist. She has received an award for excellence from the American Academy and Institute of Arts and Letters and a PEN/Bernard Malamud Award for excellence in the short story form. Her work has been compared to that of Alice Adams, J.D. Salinger, John Cheever, and John Updike. She holds an undergraduate degree from American University and a masters degree from the University of Connecticut.
Born Anne Schumacher in Baltimore, she attended Goucher College while working as a college correspondent for the Baltimore Sun and then took a job with the Paris precursor of the International Herald Tribune. In France, she married reporter John Ashenhurst. The couple had one son and moved to Chicago. Unable to find a job as a journalist, Anne Ashenhurst became an assistant to an advertising executive E. Frank Hummert. At the Blackett-Sample-Hummert agency, she rose in the ranks and became a full partner in 1933, earning $100,000 a year. Radio historian Jim Cox noted that when the two teamed to create daytime radio serials, they... ...intended to seize the housewives`` attention and alter the pattern of their daily existence... Radio as Americans experienced it during its golden age likely would have been vastly different had Frank and Anne Hummert not been on the scene to influence it so pervasively.
Dorothy Hyuha graduated with a Bachelor of Science with a Diploma in Education, (BSc/Ed) from Makerere University in 1985. She went on to obtain the degree of Master of Education (MEd), also from Makerere University in 1995.
Arthur W. Fort was educated at Auburn University, receiving a B.S. in 1958. He later received an M.S. from Stanford University in 1967.
Born in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania, Wylie was the eldest son of Andrew Wylie first president of Indiana University. Wylie attended Transylvania University and the University of Indiana, graduating from the latter in 1832. He read law to enter the bar in 1837, and was in private practice in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania from 1837 to 1848, serving at some point on the Pittsburgh City Council and acting in 1845 as Pittsburgh city attorney. In 1848, he moved his practice to Alexandria, Virginia until about 1861, and thereafter to Washington, D.C. until 1863.
Jim Powell was educated at Charterhouse School and Trinity Hall, Cambridge, where he has a Masters degree in history. He stood as a candidate for the Conservative Party against Geoffrey Robinson in the Coventry North-West constituency in the British General Election of 1987.
Laxmi Poruri-Madan (born November 9, 1972 in Guntur, India) has the distinction of being the first Indian-American female to play professional tennis on the WTA tour in the modern era. She grew up in Southern California where, from a very young age, she was known as a tennis prodigy. In 1986, she won the Orange Bowl, beating Monica Seles in the final. At age 15, she played her first US Open where she lost to Katerina Maleeva in the 2nd round. She attended Stanford University from 1990-1994 on a full athletic scholarship, where she was a four-time All-American athlete, and 1994 Player of the Year. After graduating from Stanford, Poruri played professional tennis for several years. Upon retiring from professional tennis, Poruri taught English for a year in Boston, MA. Poruri then attended McGill University in Canada, where she received her MBA. Poruri worked on Wall Street for two years before returning to California in 2004.
David Fowler was born on June 30, 1958 in Fort Oglethorpe, Georgia. He graduated from the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga with a B.S. in 1980, and with a J.D. from University of Cincinnati College of Law in 1983.
Behjat Sadr (, b 1924 - Aug. 11, 2009) was an Iranian painter whose works have been exhibited in major cities across the world, such as New York, Paris, and Rome. She was born to parents Mohammad Sadr Mahallati and Ghamar Amini Sadr in Arak in 1924. Sadr began her studies at the University of Tehran faculty of fine arts. After her graduation, she won a scholarship to the Accademia di Belle Arti in Rome at the Naples Academy of Fine Arts. Sadr's first major exhibition was at the twenty-eighth Venice Biennial in 1956. In 1957, Sadr returned to the University of Tehran as a member of faculty. There she met and married Mortaza Hannaneh, and had her only daughter, Kakouti. Sadr was diagnosed with breast cancer in the late 1990s, but continued to paint. She died of a heart attack on August 11, 2009.
Bettina Plevan received her Bachelor of Arts degree from Wellesley College in 1967, and her Juris Doctor from Boston University in 1970, where she graduated magna cum laude and was an editor of the Boston University Law Review.
His father is John C. Van Hollen, a realtor and former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly. The Van Hollen family lived near Chetek, Wisconsin and later moved to Delta, Wisconsin. He graduated from St. Olaf College in 1988 with an undergraduate degree in political science and economics. He earned his law degree two years later from the University of Wisconsin Law School.
Robert A. Daly attended Brooklyn College and Hunter College. Daly began as a gofer for the Columbia Broadcasting System in 1955, before beginning a career path to ``president of entertainment''. In addition to his duties as chief of television operations at CBS, Daly was also responsible for CBS Theatrical Films, which was formed in October 1979. During his 25-year association with CBS, Daly served in various posts, including Executive Vice President of CBS Television Network and Vice President of Business Affairs.
Brigadier General (BG) Twitty was awarded the Silver Star Medal, our Nation's Third Highest Award for Valor, during Operation Iraqi Freedom. Noted for his relationship with journalist David Bloom that was embedded with his battalion. He commanded company-, battalion-, and brigade-size combat arms units during the war in Iraq. He is a graduate of South Carolina State University and a member of the Omega Psi Phi fraternity. He was inducted into the South Carolina State University ROTC Hall of Fame in 2009, and selected as one of the University's Distinguished Alumni in 2004.
Samuel De Palma was born in Rochester, New York. He was educated at the University of Rochester, graduating in 1940. After college, he took a job with the United States Department of War in Washington, D.C. as a civilian economic analyst and intelligence specialist.
Natasha Katz is a lighting designer for the theatre, dance, and opera. She was educated at Oberlin College and did an internship with Roger Morgan.
Manu Guix (Manuel Guix) (8 December 1979, Barcelona) is a composer, musical director and Catalan performer. He has been linked to Operación Triunfo since its inception in 2001, and has acted as a coach in every edition of the program. His career began in 1987, at the Municipal Conservatory of Music in Barcelona and he also studied at the Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts.
Amanya Mushega received his early education in Uganda. He attended Mbarara High School from 1963 until 1966, before transferring to Kings College Budo in 1967. In 1969, he entered the University of Dar es Salaam, to study Law. He obtained his first degree, Bachelor of Laws (LLB), in 1972. He went on to obtain the degree of Master of Laws (LLM) from Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario, Canada in 1974. In the late 1970s, Amanya Mushega enrolled in the Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) program at the London School of Economics. He abandoned that program when he joined the National Resistance Movement in 1981.
Born in St. Andrews East, Quebec as Maude Elizabeth Seymour Babin, she was raised by her maternal grandmother, Mrs. William Abbott, who enventually legally adopted her along with her older sister Alice. She was a cousin of John Abbott, Canada's third Prime Minister. She was part of the third class of women students admitted to McGill University's Faculty of Arts. She received her B.A in 1890 along with two other notable women; Elizabeth Binmore and Carrie Matilda Derick. She received her M.D from Bishop's University in 1894 and was the only woman in her class. She did post graduate study in medicine at Zurich, Vienna, Edinburgh and Glasgow. Returning to Montreal she was appointed assistant curator at the McGill Pathological Museum in 1899, becoming curator 1901.
Lewenthal was born in San Antonio, Texas to Russian-French parents. His birth date is often given as 1926, but he was actually born three years earlier in 1923 (an examination of his birth certificate has confirmed this). The false birth year was probably an attempt to assist his career as a child actor. After spending several years as a child movie actor in Hollywood, he studied the piano there with Lydia Cherkassky, mother and teacher of the renowned pianist Shura Cherkassky. In 1945 he won all three of the major competitions then being held in California: The Young Artist Competition at UCLA (judged by Bruno Walter), the Young Artist Contest of Occidental College, and the Gainsborough Award in San Francisco. He continued his studies at the Juilliard School as a full scholarship student of Olga Samaroff-Stokowski. Later Lewenthal worked in Europe with Alfred Cortot and with Guido Agosti.
Allen is a lyric bass capable of singing the deepest pitches composed in opera. He has performed the role of Seneca in L'incoronazione de Poppea by Monteverdi, which requires a low D. He has also established himself as a versatile singer by performing not only in opera and oratorio, but also in the musical theater field (Judge Turpin in Sweeney Todd) and the operetta field in Gilbert and Sullivan roles, such as the title character in The Mikado. Further versatility was demonstrated in the musical style of Kurt Weill, when he sang A Kurt Weill Cabaret with the late Martha Schlamme. He has participated in several world premieres, including Holy Blood and Crescent Moon by Stewart Copeland with the Cleveland Opera, and The Cask of Amontillado by Russell Currie with the Bronx Arts Ensemble, as well as at Golden Fleece, Ltd. and Symphony Space in New York City. Caliban, a monodrama by Russell Currie using the words of the character Caliban from Shakespeare's The Tempest, was written for and dedicated to him. Ryan Allen can be heard as Elviro on a 1994 recording of Handel's Xerxes (Koch Schwann), in recordings of Russell Currie's music on the High Fire label, and seen as Betto on a video of Gianni Schicchi (Metropolitan Opera Guild). He graduated with a B.A. in English from Austin College in Sherman, Texas and an M.M. from the University of Texas at Austin. He lives in the Greater New York vicinity in Edgewater, New Jersey.
Yannis Behrakis was born in 1960 in Athens, Greece. He studied photography in the Athens School of Arts and Technology and received his BA (Honours) from Middlesex University. He worked as a studio photographer in Athens in 1985-86. In 1987 he started work for Reuters and in late 1988 he was offered a staff job with the agency based in Athens. His first foreign assignment was to cover Libya crisis on January 1989. Since then he documented a variety of events including the funeral of Ayatollah Khomeini in Iran, the changes in Eastern Europe and the Balkans, the civil conflicts in Croatia, Bosnia and Kosovo, the wars in Chechnya, Sierra Leone, Somalia, Afghanistan, Lebanon the first and second Gulf wars the Arab Spring in Egypt, Libya and Tunisia. He has also covered the Israeli-Palestinian conflict for many years, earthquakes in Kashmir, Turkey, Greece and Iran and major news events around the world. He has also covered four Summer Olympics, the 1994 World Cup in the US and many international sports events. He has moved with Reuters in Jerusalem as the chief photographer for Israel and the Palestinian Territories in 2008/9. in 2010 he moved back in Greece to cover the financial crisis. He has taken part in many group exhibitions in Athens, Thessaloniki, London, Edinburgh, New York, Rome, Barcelona, Madrid and Dubai while he has presented solo exhibitions as well.
The son of a research worker in tropical diseases (Sir Neil Hamilton Fairley), Fairley grew up in Melbourne. He later studied at Magdalen College, Oxford, and St Bartholomew's Hospital, London. Trained in hematology as Leverhulme Research Scholar at the Royal College of Physicians, he continued his research with an emphasis on immunohematology.
Robert was the fourth son of Mark James Barrington-Ward, the rector of Duloe, Cornwall and an inspector of schools. He attended Westminster School, where he was a King's Scholar, and Balliol College, Oxford. While at Balliol, he was elected president of the Oxford Union Society and took a Third Class in Greats in 1913. Though planning for a career in the law and in politics, he undertook freelance editing work for The Times while reading for the Bar, and in February 1914 was given a position as secretary to the editor, Geoffrey Dawson. At the start of World War I Barrington-Ward became an officer with the Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry (DCLI). He went on to serve in France and Belgium, where he was mentioned in despatches three times and awarded both the Distinguished Service Order and the Military Cross.
Rabih Alameddine () (born 1959) is a Lebanese-American painter and writer. He was born in Amman, Jordan to Lebanese Druze parents (Alameddine himself is an atheist). He grew up in Kuwait and Lebanon, which he left at age 17 to live first in England and then in California. A lover of mathematics, he earned a degree in engineering from the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA) and a Master of Business in San Francisco. He began his career as an engineer, then moved to writing and painting. He is the author of three novels-- Koolaids, I, the Divine and The Hakawati--as well as The Perv, a collection of short stories, and is the recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship. The Hakawati (The Storyteller in Arabic) is the result of eight years of intensive work, has received critical acclaim and has been translated into ten languages. He lives in San Francisco and Beirut.
Kenyon Cox (October 27, 1856 -- March 17, 1919) was an American painter, illustrator, muralist, writer, and teacher. Cox was an influential and important early instructor at the Art Students League of New York. He was the designer of the League's logo, whose motto is Nulla Dies Sine Linea or No Day Without a Line.
O'Haire began his career in WCW in June 2000, in Des Moines, Iowa, where he formed a tag team with fellow WCW Power Plant graduate Mark Jindrak. In August, O'Haire and Jindrak helped form the Natural Born Thrillers with Mike Sanders, Shawn Stasiak, Chuck Palumbo, Johnny ``The Bull'' Stamboli, and Reno. They were briefly ``coached'' by Kevin Nash. In September, O'Haire and Jindrak won the WCW World Tag Team Championship for the first time.
Keisha White attended Enfield County School for girls with Portia White before pursuing a career in music. She has released two albums so far, Seventeen, which was released in 2005 and Out Of My Hands, which was released in 2006. At the age of 15 she had collaborated with the likes of Oakenfold and Desert Eagle Discs, even before her debut album was released.
Chris Huffins (born 15 April 1970 in Brooklyn, New York) is an athlete from the United States who competed in the field of Decathlon. He was the Director and Head Coach of the Men's and Women's Track and Field and Cross Country programs at the University of California from 2002 to 2007. He married Monique Parker in 1997. He earned a degree from the University of California in French. Huffins is a member of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity.
Dana Ranga was born in 1964 in Bucharest. Initially, she studied medicine at the Carol Davila University of Medicine and Pharmacy. After she left for Berlin, she studied journalism, art history and film theory at the Free University Berlin. She now works in Berlin as a film producer, author and poet. Her debut production East Side Story (1997) received an award at the Marseille Festival of Documentary Film in 1998. The documentary film Story (2003), about astronaut Story Musgrave received awards at the film festivals in Marseille (2003), Leipzig (2003) und Houston (2004). Afterwards, Dana Ranga produced the documentary Cosmonaut Polyakov (2007).
Frederic G. Cassidy was a Professor of English at the University of Wisconsin at Madison, and Chief Editor of the Dictionary of American Regional English from 1962 to his death in 2000. Born in Kingston, Jamaica on October 10, 1907, Cassidy moved to the United States in 1918. He graduated from Oberlin College in 1930 and obtained a master's degree in 1932. By 1938, Cassidy had earned his doctoral degree at the University of Michigan, and had married Hélène Lucille Monod, a fellow student.
Of Irish/Italian descent, Donovan, the middle child of three children, was born in St. Louis, MO. His father's vast record collection (filled with Motown, Elvis and The Beatles) had a huge influence on Donovan as a child. Thom Donovan began playing guitar at the age of four. He grew up in a lower middle-class neighborhood in a suburb 25 miles west of St. Louis, MO. Donovan attended Catholic school. Although raised Catholic, he describes himself as an atheist and is outspoken in his support of teaching Evolution to children in school. As a child, Donovan was a fan of classical music and studied classical guitar under John McClellan (Luciano Pavarotti). Thom Donovan was educated at Lindenwood University where he studied liberal arts and graduated with a B.A. in Music.
Samson Samsonov graduated from Gerasimov Institute of Cinematography in 1951, where he studied under Sergei Gerasimov.
Englishby was born in Preston, Lancs in 1970. He was musically active by his teenage years, performing as a pianist in big bands and jazz ensembles as well as writing and composing his own works. He studied at Goldsmiths' College and at the Royal Academy of Music, where he received the Charles Lucas prize for composition and the Arthur Hervey Scholarship, as well as receiving a BBC Sound on Film Commission. ``The Last Clarinet'' for orchestra and narrator was Englishby's first published work, and continues to be performed internationally. His other works include ``Short Symphony'' (1997), ``String Quartet'' (1995) and ``Blackpool Lights for Orchestra'' (1993). Aside from these Englishby composed pieces for his own group, The Paul Englishby Big Band, which recently performed at Ronnie Scott's Jazz Club in January 2010.
This page is on the mathematician. For the former tennis player see Martin Davis (tennis). Martin David Davis, (born 1928, New York City) is an American mathematician, known for his work on Hilbert's tenth problem . He received his Ph.D. from Princeton University in 1950, where his adviser was Alonzo Church . He is Professor Emeritus at New York University. He is the co-inventor of the Davis-Putnam and the DPLL algorithms. He is a co-author, with Ron Sigal and Elaine J. Weyuker, of Computability, Complexity, and Languages, Second Edition: Fundamentals of Theoretical Computer Science, a textbook on the theory of computability. He is also known for his model of Post-- Turing machines.
Two Supreme Court justices, the liberal Justice Rosenberg (Hume Cronyn) and conservative Justice Jensen are assassinated. A terrorist named Khamel (Stanley Tucci), who works as a hired assassin, shoots one of the justices as he lies in his sickbed. He strangles the other in a gay porn film theater. As the nation learns the shocking news, the authorities including the FBI (charged with protecting the lives of the Supreme Court Justices), do not seem to have any clear indications of who may have been behind the assassinations. Tulane University Law School student Darby Shaw (Julia Roberts) theorizes that there may be some similarity in the justices' otherwise-different voting patterns that may provide a motive for their assassinations. She decides to research the two justices' records and cases pending before the Court, suspecting the real motive might be simple greed, not politics. She discovers that both were protective of the environment in their votes. She writes her theories into a legal brief, which she shows to her law professor, mentor and lover Thomas Callahan (Sam Shepard). Callahan, a recovering alcoholic, is grieving for Rosenberg, whom he interned for. He finds Darby's work interesting, but fails to recognize the high stakes involved. Nevertheless, he gives a copy of the paper (which becomes known as the ``Pelican Brief'') to Gavin Verheek (John Heard), a friend of his who works as a lawyer with the FBI.
While the public speculates about who may have killed them and why, the main character, Darby Shaw, a Tulane University Law School student, decides to research the two justices' records and cases pending before the Court, suspecting the real motive might be simple greed, not politics. She writes a legal brief speculating that the assassinations were committed on behalf of Victor Mattiece, an oil tycoon wanting to drill for oil on Louisiana marshland which is a major habitat of an endangered species of pelican. A court case on appeal, filed on his behalf to gain access to the land, is expected to make its way to the Supreme Court.
Valerie Barsom is an attorney in private practice and a former State Representative of the Massachusetts House of Representatives. She represented the 13th Hampden District, encompassing portions of Springfield, Wilbraham and East Longmeadow. She served in the Massachusetts House for two terms from 1993-1996. She withdrew from re-election in 1996 to accept a position as legal counsel at the Massachusetts Turnpike Authority. (O'Connel 1996, p. A1) Barsom attended Clark University in Worcester, earning a BA degree in Government in 1982. She earned her Juris Doctorate from New England School of Law in Boston in 1991. Barsom served as Legal Counsel to the Massachusetts Turnpike Authority and started the Law Offices of Valerie Barsom in 1997. (Silberman,1997, p. A13)
John Nelson (born in Chicago, Illinois on June 8, 1948) is an American Professional Swimmer and Olympic Gold Medalist. Nelson attended Pompano Beach High School and eventually enrolled in Yale University where he met his future Gold Medalist teammate and World Record competitor, Don Schollander. Nelson competed at the 1968 Olympic Games in Mexico City, where he received the Gold Medal in the 4 × 200 m freestyle relay beside his teammates Stephen Rerych, Mark Spitz, and Don Schollander and a Bronze Medal in the 200 m freestyle. He received a Silver Medal in 1500 m freestyle at the 1964 Olympic Games in Tokyo.
Jesse Bullington is a fantasy writer from Boulder, Colorado. Bullington grew up in Pennsylvania, before his family moved to the Netherlands, and then back to the United States. In 2000, Bullington received his high school diploma from SAIL High School, an arts-focused magnet school in Tallahassee, Florida. In 2005, he earned a Bachelor's degree in Literature and History from Florida State University During his time in Tallahassee, Bullington met fellow fantasy writer Jeff Vandermeer while working at a small video store in town. Vandermeer struck up a conversation with Bullington and gave him advice on writing. The two became good friends, and Vandermeer would later help Bullington go on to launch his own publishing career. Bullington is currently the author of two books, Sad Tale of the Brothers Grossbart and The Enterprise of Death, both published by Orbit Books, an imprint of Hachette Book Group USA. Bullington's novels have a picaresque, darkly humorous theme, and include large elements of satire. Both of his works to date are heavily informed by his love of the Gothic Novel and by his passion for medieval European literature and history. When asked what genre he considers his novels, Bullington says ``defying easy categorization is something I strive for.'' In addition to his contributions to literature, Jesse Bullington is also known for his ``excitable, ferret-like temperament.'' Until recently he kept facial hair in a distinctive style he referred to as ``dandy whips.'' However, he has more recently started wearing Mutton chops.
Dexter Anthony Carter (born September 15, 1967) is a former running back who played for the San Francisco 49ers and the New York Jets in the National Football League. He was drafted in the first round in the 1990 NFL Draft. He played college football at Florida State University.
Angela P. Harris is a legal scholar in the fields of critical race theory, feminist legal scholarship, and criminal law. She has taught these subjects at UC Berkeley School of Law since joining the faculty there in 1988. In 2009, Professor Harris joined the faculty of the State University of New York at Buffalo Law School as a Visiting Professor. In 2010, she also assumed the role of Acting Vice Dean for Research & Faculty Development. In 2011, she accepted an offer to join the faculty at the UC Davis School of Law in the 2011-2012 academic year.
James Michael Tyler was born the youngest of six children on 28 May 1962 in Winona, Mississippi, US to a retired Air Force captain and a homemaker. When he was 11 years old, his parents died and Tyler moved to Anderson, South Carolina to live with his sister. He studied at Clemson University and graduated with a degree in geology. During this time, he was a member of a student theatre group, the Clemson Players. This experience sparked his interest in becoming an actor. He received his Master of Fine Arts degree from the University of Georgia in 1987.
Todd Coolman is currently Professor of Music and Director of the Jazz Studies Program in the Conservatory of Music at Purchase College. Coolman received his Ph.D. in philosophy from New York University. He is currently married to Darla, also a musician and lives in NJ.
Ashley Giles spent his early years living in Woking, attending the Kingfield First and Middle Schools. Giles benefited from a cricket-loving teacher, and became involved with District and County Cricket at Under-9 level. After his parents moved to Ripley, Surrey, he attended the George Abbot School in Guildford, completing his GCSEs and A-levels. The Giles family was heavily involved with Ripley Cricket Club: Ashley's father, brother Andrew, cousins and uncles all played for the club, as did both paternal and maternal grandfathers previously. Giles soon moved into the Saturday 2nd XI, opening the bowling with close friend Ian Ward. At this stage, both players were aspiring fast bowlers, and a deadly force for Surrey Under-9s. Giles moved to Guildford Cricket Club, working under coach Brian Ruby alongside future professionals Darren and Martin Bicknell.
A notable graduate of Little Miami High School is Mark Whitacre, the highest-level executive in FBI history to become a whistleblower, and whom the FBI went public touting as a national hero.
Gordon Jennings Laing (October 16, 1869 -- September 1, 1945) was an American classical scholar, born in London, Ontario, Canada. He graduated from the University of Toronto in 1891, taught Latin and Greek at Whetham College, Vancouver, British Columbia (1892-1893), and at the University of Toronto (1893-1895). He took the degree of Ph.D. at Johns Hopkins University in 1896, after which he served in various positions involving the study of classical literature. He was managing editor of the Classical Journal from 1905 to 1908, associate editor of Classical Philology after 1905, and general editor of the University of Chicago Press after 1908. His publications include Masterpieces in Latin Literature (Boston, 1903), an edition of Selections from Ovid (New York, 1905), and an edition of the Phormio of Terence (Chicago, 1908).
After the war, thanks to his brother Nello, he studied in Florence with Gaetano Salvemini, who was to be from then a constant companion of both the Rosselli brothers. It was in this period that he became a socialist, sympathetic to the reformist ideas of Filippo Turati, in contrast to that revolutionary thinking of Giacinto Menotti Serrati. In 1921 he graduated with a degree in political sciences from the University of Florence with a thesis titled: ``sindacalismo'' (Syndicalism). Later he undertook a law degree that he would pursue in Turin and Milan, where he met Luigi Einaudi and Piero Gobetti.
Zhou Tiehai is a contemporary Chinese artist whose art work attempts to satirize much of modern Chinese art. Zhou does not paint his own works, though he earned an arts degree from the School of Fine Arts at Shanghai University in 1989. A typical process for Zhou Tiehai is to conceptualize a work, realize it on the computer, then rely upon the help of assistants to physically create it.
Peter Andreas Munch was born in Nes, in Hedmark county, Norway. He studied theology at the University of Oslo receiving a Candidatus theologiæ degree in 1932. During 1937 and 1938, he was a scientific member of the Norwegian expedition to Tristan da Cunha. During 1943 and 1944, he was imprisoned by the German occupation forces. In 1944, he studied sociology and graduating with a Doctor of Philosophy in 1946 with a thesis titled Sociology of Tristan da Cunha based on the gemeinschaft concepts introduced by Ferdinand Tönnies. After 1946, he completed linguistic studies at the University of Oxford and University of Wittenberg.
Mohammed Achaari (Arabic: محمد الأشعري) is a Moroccan writer and politician. He was born in 1951 in Moulay Driss Zerhoun. He studied law at the Mohammed V University and graduated in 1976. He published a collection of short stories, six collections of poetry and one novel. Some of his works have been translated into French, Spanish, Russian and Dutch. He wrote articles for several Moroccan newspapers like Al-Alam and Al Ittihad Al Ichtiraki. During the early eighties he was jailed for his political activities. He has been elected president of the Moroccan Union of Writers twice in the period 1989-96. In 1997 Achaari was elected delegate for Rabat and in 1998 he became Minister of Culture and in 2002 delegate for Meknes.
Ken Twohy (born January 7, 1970 Seattle) is an American film director, screenwriter and film producer. He attended college at Saint Mary's College of California, graduating with a bachelor business administration, and was the founder of SMCTV, St Mary's College Television Station. Twohy then studied at University of Southern California in Graduate Film Studies. He graduated from Loyola Marymount University with a masters of Fine Arts in Communication and Film. His short film Bullhead was sold to Landmark Theatres.
Rexhai Surroi (Serbian: Реџаји Суроји, Redžaji Suroji) (8 June 1929 -- 22 December 1988), was the father of Veton Surroi and a journalist, diplomat and writer. He was a member of the first cohort of students to have finished high school in Albanian language in the former Yugoslavia in 1947/48. He graduated from the University of Belgrade's Law School.
He was born at Dawlish, Devon to John Herman Merivale (1770-1844) and Louisa Heath Drury. He was educated at Harrow School. In 1823 he entered Oriel College, Oxford. In 1825 he became a scholar of Trinity College and also won the Ireland scholarship, and three years later he was elected fellow of Balliol College. He became a member of the Inner Temple and practised on the western circuit, being made in 1841 recorder of Falmouth, Helston and Penzance.
In later years, Jennie Tourel devoted herself to recitals and orchestra engagements, excelling particularly in French repertoire. She also taught at the Juilliard School of Music in New York, and at the Aspen School of Music in Colorado. Her last opera performance was as Doña Marta in the world premiere of Thomas Pasatieri's Black Widow at the Seattle Opera in 1972. She died on November 23, 1973, in New York City.
In 2004, Gillian Wearing received an Honorary Doctorate from the University for the Creative Arts; in 2007, Henry Bond received a Doctorate from University of Gloucestershire; in 2007, Tracey Emin received Honorary Doctorates from the Royal College of Art and London Metropolitan University; in 2010, Fiona Banner received an Honorary Doctorate from Kingston University.
Mandali Venkata Krishna Rao, popularly known as Mandali, was born on the 4th of August, 1926 in Pallevada village in Kaikaluru taluk of Krishna District, Andhra Pradesh, India. His Father Venkatramaiah was a school teacher in Bhavadevarapalle in Divi taluk of Krishna district. Sri Mandali had his elementary education at Pallevada and Bhavadevarapalle, high school education at Avanigadda and collegiate education in Hindu College, Machiliatnam.
Jacques E. Brandenberger was born in Zurich on October 19th 1872. He graduated from the University of Bern in 1895. He was inspired to create a more durable and water resistant material after seeing a wine stain on a Swiss Cafe table cloth.
Jessica Andersen was born and raised in eastern Massachusetts. She studied at Tufts University for an undergraduate degree in biology, followed by a PhD in Genetics though she has been many other things, including a patent agent, a freelance editor and a professional horse trainer and riding coach.
Nelson attended The Lovett School in Atlanta, Georgia and was a letterman and a standout in both football and track & field. Adam Nelson graduated from The Lovett School in 1993.
Lloyd Lowndes, Jr. (February 21, 1845 -- January 8, 1905), a member of the United States Republican Party, was the 43rd Governor of Maryland in the United States from 1896 to 1900 and a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from the sixth district of Maryland from 1873 to 1875. He was born in 1845 in Clarksburg, West Virginia (then in Virginia), a great-grandson of early Bladensburg, Maryland settler, Christopher Lowndes (1713--1785). He attended Allegheny College in Pennsylvania, where he was a member of Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity. He graduated from the law department of the University of Pennsylvania at Philadelphia in 1867. Shortly after his election as governor, he attended a reception in Carroll County at the Andrew P. Frizzell House and Farm Complex. Lowndes died in 1905 in Cumberland, Maryland, and is buried at the Rose Hill Cemetery in Cumberland, Maryland.
George Kelly went on to teach at various colleges and other institutions, with course topics ranging from speech-making to ``Americanization''. In 1929, he completed a Bachelor of Education degree at the University of Edinburgh in Scotland, writing a thesis dealing with the prediction of teaching success, followed by graduate and doctoral degrees in psychology at the State University of Iowa. His dissertation was on speech and reading disabilities. For some years before World War II, Kelly worked in school psychology, developing a program of traveling clinics which also served as a training ground for his students. He had a keen interest in clinical diagnosis.
Ariel Reboyras was born in New York City in 1953. Of Puerto Rican descent, Reboyras moved to Chicago with his parents at the age of twelve. Reboyras attended the University of Illinois at Chicago where he was Co-Captain for the UIC Flames baseball team. After graduating with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Education, he taught at Roberto Clemente High School in Chicago's neighborhood of Humboldt Park.
Sidney Streatfeild was the son of Hugh Streatfeild (1867--1950) and Evelyn Cherry (d 1964). He was educated at Rugby School. He served in the Great War 1914 - 1919 in the 2nd Battalion Durham Light Infantry.
Ndubuisi Kanu was born in Abia State in 1943 of Igbo origin. Joining the navy, he went to India for cadet training. His naval career included positions in Personnel, Logistics and Training. He obtained honorary Doctorate Degrees from the Imo State University and the Federal University of Technology, Owerri.
Simon Cowell (MBE) is a British television presenter and author who hosts the Animal Planet documentary series Wildlife SOS. He co-founded the Wildlife Aid Foundation animal rescue and rehabilitation centre, the organisation whose activities are the subject of the television series. Simon lives in Leatherhead, Surrey. He received a PhD for Biological sciences at Jesus College, Cambridge.
Paul L. Smith attended Miami Senior High School, Miami, Florida, graduating in 1954. He later attended Brandeis University for a short time and transferred to Florida State University on a football scholarship graduating in 1959 with a BS degree in Philosophy. Paul L. Smith's first acting role was in the 1960 film Exodus which was filmed in Israel. This was his first visit to the country. He returned to Israel in 1967 as a Mahal volunteer in the Six-Day War and stayed there until 1973. In that time he participated in five productions filmed in Israel. He also met Eve, and the two lived in Tel Aviv. They later moved to Italy, and then to Hollywood in 1977.
In 1988, with Olivier Messiaen he received an Honorary Fellowship from the Royal College of Organists.
In 1927, while working as a laboratory assistant, his mathematical ability gained him a scholarship to the Imperial College of Science, Technology and Medicine. He was awarded the Governor's Prize for Mathematics and graduated with a B.Sc. in Mathematics with First Class Honours in 1929 at age 20. Continuing his studies at the University of London, he obtained his Ph.D. in Mathematics in 1931 at age 22.
In 1948 the philanthropy of a single individual, Thiru. V. L. Ethiraj, financed the college. Ethiraj graduated from Presidency College, Chennai. A barrister, he took his legal degree from University of Dublin and, on his return to India, joined The Madras Bar. Within a short period he built up a lucrative practice and was the first Indian to be appointed as Crown Prosecutor by the British Government.
Robert Lyster Thornton (November 29, 1908 - September 28, 1985), was born at Wooton, Bedfordshire, England, the son of a mechanical engineer, Dudley L. Thornton, and his wife Katherine Foster. He was educated in Canada, where his family went in his youth, his father being employed by the Canadian Pacific Railway. He attended McGill University for seven years, earning the B.Sc. degree in 1930 and obtaining the Ph.D. degree in physics, under the sponsorship of Stuart Foster, in 1933. His thesis research was on atomic spectroscopy and the Stark effect, an area successfully cultivated by his mentor.
Taly and Russ Johnson are visual artists. Their work is a mixture of video, photography, collage and book art. Taly is a Film and TV graduate of New York University, was born in Israel and has directed and produced several short narrative films. Russ is a Detroit native and a Cooper Union graduate. During his college years he worked as an assistant to video artist Ira Schneider, painters Richard Hambleton and Yvonne Jacquette, and photographer Rudy Burckhardt. Later he worked with the non-profit video art organization Raindance Foundation, curated the TV show ``Night Light TV'' and has been showing media art since 1984.
Concert Hall served multiple functions, mainly as a venue for groups of people to gather to hear concerts, and to attend meetings and formal dinners. The Freemasons met here from the 1750s until at least 1818. In January, 1755, the Boston News-Letter advertised ``a concert of musick'' at the hall, tickets four shillings. The hall may have had ``a small organ by the London builder John Snetzler from 1763 to 1774.'' John Rowe, a merchant who built Boston's Rowe's Wharf, attended events at the Concert Hall and kept notes in his diary: March 16, 1769: ``Spent the evening at the Fife Major's concert at Concert Hall; there was a large and genteel company and the best musick I have heard performed there.'' March 23, 1770: ``Went in the evening to the Concert Hall to hear Mr. Joan read the Beggars Opera and sing the songs; he read but indifferently, but sung in taste; there were upwards one hundred people there.'' Jan. 3, 1771: ``Spent the evening at Concert Hall, where there was a concert performed by Hartly Morgan and others; after the concert a dance. The Commodore James Gambier? and all the captains of the navy here was there, and Colo. Dalrymple, and fifty or sixty gentlemen and the same number of ladies present.'' Jan. 18, 1771: At the dinner on the Queen's birthday at Concert Hall ... there was ``very good dancing and good musick, but very bad wine and punch.'' Oct. 15, 1771: ``I spent the former part of the evening at the Concert Hall, it being Mr. David Propert's concert; a good company, upwards of 200.''
Thomas Nelson was born in Haverhill, New Hampshire, March 4, 1827, one of twelve children of John and Lois Leverett Nelson. Nelson attended Kimball Union Academy in Meriden, New Hampshire and Dartmouth College. After two years at Dartmouth, he enrolled at the University of Vermont in Burlington, and graduated in 1845. After graduation, Nelson became an engineer, involved in railroad construction. Thomas Leverett Nelson died in Worcester, Massachusetts on November 21, 1897.
Negar Assari (Persian: نگار آثاری صمیمی, born 1970) is a painter, photographer, sculptor, and graphic artist born in Tehran, Iran. She graduated with a Bachelor of Arts from the College of Art and Architecture (Tehran) with a concentration in Educational Visual Communication in 1993. After moving to the United States in 1994, she earned a Master's degree in Visual Information Technology from George Mason University, Fairfax, VA in 1997. In 2000, she founded the non-profit Art of Iran organization, which is an online community detailing the history of Iranian art, as well as maintaining an Iranian artists database. Since 2003 she has designed the annual charity calendar for Children of Persia.
William Beal was born 9 September 1815 in Sheffield, the son of William Beal, a Wesleyan minister. He was educated at King's College, London, and Trinity College, Cambridge, where he graduated B.A. in 1841. In the same year he was ordained deacon. Headmaster of Tavistock Grammar School from 1837 to 1847, he was made vicar of Brooke near Norwich in 1847. The degree of LL.D. was conferred on him by the university of Aberdeen. He is best known as the promoter of harvest homes for country districts in 1854. At Norwich he was vice-president of the People's College, and corresponding member of the Working Men's Congregational Union. He died in 1870. He was the editor of the West of England Magazine.
M. R. Henderson graduated in botany from the University of Aberdeen. He was elected a Fellow of the Linnean Society in 1922. He authored a number of floras and other botanical texts including the 3 volume ``Malayan Wild Flowers'' and ``Malayan Orchid Hybrids'' (editor).
George Aghajanian (born 14 April 1932 in Beirut, Lebanon) is professor of psychiatry at Yale School of Medicine http://www.info.med.yale.edu/pharm/faculty/index.php?bioID=4. He has been a pioneer in the area of neuropharmacology. He discovered the mechanisms by which LSD produces hallucinations and he has also uncovered how atypical antipsychotic drugs work. He graduated from Yale Medical School in 1958 and he joined the department of pharmacology in 1970.
John Finley Crowe (June 16, 1787-January 17, 1860) was born in Greene County, Tennessee and grew up in Tennessee and Missouri. He grew up in a Presbyterian household, although he was not terribly religious. However, after meeting some Presbyterian elders who had moved from North Carolina to his area in Missouri, Crowe became interested in pursuing a religious education. He attended Transylvania College in Lexington, Kentucky, and then continued his education at Princeton Theological Seminary in Princeton, New Jersey. After completing his Masters of Divinity in 1815, Crowe accepted his first ministerial assignment in Shelbyville, Kentucky. While there, Crowe became actively involved in the abolitionist movement. He established a Sunday School for African-American children, although he could not find a location in the area that would permit such a school to meet. On May 7, 1822, he began publication of the Abolition Intelligence and Missionary Magazine. Crowe's abolitionist sympathies alienated him from his slave-holding neighbors, and it was not long before he lost access to the printing press. On April 2, 1823, John M. Dickey, moderator of a church session that also seated Williamson Dunn and George Logan as elders, sent a letter to Crowe inviting him to serve at the Hanover Presbyterian Church. Sickened by the increasingly hostile attitude of his neighbors in Kentucky towards his abolitionist views, Crowe accepted the position, relieved to move to a state where the possession of slaves was illegal. Shortly after his arrival in Hanover, Crowe began construction of a residence, known today as the Crowe-Garritt House. Located just north of the present-day Hanover Presbyterian Church, the Crowe-Garritt House was added to the National Register of Historical Places in 1980.
Michael Turner was born in Crossville, Tennessee on April 21, 1971. He was a student at the University of Tennessee, and graduated from International Performing Arts Academy. Shortly before graduating, he moved to Aspen, Colorado, then to San Diego California, where he taught martial arts. It was in San Diego that he developed an interest in comics.
Jane Granby was born in San Diego, California. She started her art career early in life at Zamorano Fine Arts Academy and San Diego School of Creative and Performing Arts. She received a B.A. in Art in 1997 from University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) where she studied with artists including Don Suggs, John Baldessari, Henry Hopkins, Roger Herman, and Baraba Drucker. Granby has been under going treatment for a cancerous brain tumor since she was twelve years of age.
DC Pierson (born December 27, 1984) is an American comedian, author, rapper and actor. He is best known for his involvement in the sketch and improvisational comedy group Derrick Comedy. Pierson was born in Phoenix, Arizona. He attended Mountain Pointe High School where he started acting and performing in a short-form improv group. He went on to attend NYU, joining the sketch comedy group Hammerkatz NYU in the fall of 2003. He worked as both assistant director and director during his 3 year tenure with the group. Pierson graduated from NYU's Dramatic Writing Department in 2007 with a degree in writing for television. He also made three brief appearances on NBC's Community, on which his Derrick Comedy costar plays a main character, and Pierson appeared as a Greendale Gazette member.
Matthew Jurman is an football (soccer) player who currently plays for Brisbane Roar as a centre back, or occasionally as a left back. He graduated from Westfields Sports High School in 2007.
Perlman was born in Brooklyn, New York, to Philip and Adele Perlman. Her father was an actor, and a doll- and toy-part salesman. Her sister Heide Perlman was a writer, story editor, and producer on the television shows Cheers and Frasier. Rhea Perlman attended Hunter College in New York and is an active Democrat.
Sarah Singleton was born in Thornbury in 1966. She was educated at the University of Nottingham and has travelled in Europe, India and Nepal. She has two daughters, Fuchsia and Poppy.
Ragnvald Skrede was born in Vågå in Oppland county, Norway. Skrede was the youngest seven children. He was a student at Elverum teacher school (1921--24). In 1928, he was hired as a teacher and sexton in Rauland, in Telemark. He studied at the University of Oslo (1928--1934). In 1934, He became a teacher in Vågå. In the postwar years, Skrede worked as a journalist and literary critic for Verdens Gang and Dagbladet and a theater critic for Bondebladet.
Milton Eugene ``Mickey'' Slaughter (born August 22, 1941, in Monroe, Louisiana) is a former professional American football quarterback in the American Football League. He was raised in Alexandria, Louisiana and played quarterback for Coach Maxie Lambright at Bolton High School, where he graduated in 1959. He played college football for Hall of Fame Coach Joe Aillet at Louisiana Tech, where he graduated in 1962. He played with the Denver Broncos from 1963 to 1966. Slaughter earned a Master of Business Administration degree from Louisiana Tech University in 1966. In 1967, Slaughter's former high school football coach Maxie Lambright offered him an assistant coaching position on the LA Tech football staff. He accepted the offer and coached the offensive backfield for 12 years from 1967 to 1978. Notable LA Tech football players coached by Slaughter include Terry Bradshaw, Tommy Spinks, Roger Carr, Mike Barber, Pat Tilley, and Billy Ryckman. His son Bobby Slaughter also played football at Louisiana Tech. Bobby was an All-American wide receiver in 1990 and was drafted by the San Francisco 49ers in 1991.
Hirmis Aboona was born in 1940 in Alqosh to Mushe Aboona and Meryam Asmar. After finishing his elementary school in his home town his family moved to Baghdad in 1952, there he graduated from the law faculty at the University of Baghdad in 1963. He worked at a number of governmental institutions in Baghdad and married Nani Isa Rashshoo where they had 4 children together. He moved with his family to London in 1982 where he pursuited higher education at the University of Exeter obtaining his history Ph.D for his thesis The Assyrian independent tribes in Tyari and Hakkari and their relationship with the Kurds and Turks.
Mark attended West Hill School as a boy. In 2006, Williams married pornographic actress Linsey Dawn McKenzie. The couple have one child, Luca Scott Mark Williams, born in May 2005.
Anne Wilson was born in Detroit, Michigan in 1949. At 15, she attended George School, a Quaker boarding school, in Pennsylvania, where she received training in feminist theory and the philosophies of passive resistance through the study of Gandhi's teachings on non-violent politics. In her later research, Wilson remarked that her lessons at George School, especially Gandhi's exhortation to all Indians that they must practice spinning--for social, political, economic and spiritual reasons--profoundly influenced her life and artistic practice.
Alexander Brullov was born in Saint Petersburg into a family of French artists: his great grandfather, his grandfather, his father and his brothers (including Karl Brullov) were artists. His first teacher was his father Paul Brulloff. He attended the Imperial Academy of Arts' architect class in 1810-1820, and graduated with honors. Along with his brother, Karl, he was sent to Europe to study art and architecture as a pensioner of the Society for the Promotion of Artists. Alexander Brullov spent 8 years abroad from 1822 to 1830, in Italy, Germany and France, studying architecture and art. He painted a lot of watercolor portraits at that time. Among the best were the portraits of V. A. Perovsky (1824), C. P. Bakunina (1830-1832), John Capodistria (1820s), C. I. Zagryazhskaya (1820s) and others.
Amy Davis studied at Rhode Island School of Design and graduated with a BFA in Illustration. She has been known to describe her experience at RISD as one of torture and anguish, saying that she ``tried to drop out but was forced to stay and graduate.''
Dina Appeldoorn attended the Royal Conservatory of The Hague, where she studied composition under F.E.A. Koeberg and later with Johan Wagenaar. The later would become a close friend whom she would continue to consult throughout her life. She graduated the conservatory in 1910, at which time twenty of her songs had already been published. Her early work met with mixed reviews from Dutch music critics with some pieces, like Frissche bloemen, getting better reviews than others. Appeldoorn would later become a piano teacher at the Royal Conservatory of The Hague.
Spencer was a younger son of William Spencer, 2nd Baron Spencer of Wormleighton, and his wife Lady Penelope Wriothesley, daughter of Henry Wriothesley, 3rd Earl of Southampton. Henry Spencer, 1st Earl of Sunderland was his elder brother. He was baptised on 2 February 1629. He studied at Christ Church, Oxford and was admitted at King's College, Cambridge in 1646.
Peter Knobler was born and raised in New York City. He graduated in 1968 with a degree in English literature from Middlebury College. He sang bass in that school's acapella group, the Dissipated Eight. He has written for the college's alumni magazine. He attended the Columbia University School of the Arts, Creative Writing Division.
Prof. Henry Horace Williams (HHW) was born in 1858 in Gates County, North Carolina. He was born to a farming family - his father was a country doctor who did not attend college. Horace, fortunately, attended the Academy in Murfreesboro, North Carolina, where he had ``an intellectual conversion which determined the direction of his whole future life'' (Origin of Belief, p.196). He went on to attend UNC in 1879, and he later he attended Yale Divinity School, where he achieved his B.D. degree in 1888. He went on to teach challenging philosophy courses at Harvard (which had a far freer environment than other institutions during this period) and was known as a notably tough grader, consistently asking labyrinthine philosophical questions.
William D. MacGillivray (born May 24, 1946 in St. John's, Newfoundland) is a Canadian film director and screenwriter. MacGillivray studied art and design at NSCAD University and at Concordia University. He then studied filmmaking at the London Film School in England in 1972. In 1974 he was one of the founding members of the Atlantic Filmmakers Cooperative and in 1979 directed his first film, Aerial View. The following year he founded his own production company, Picture Plant, for which he wrote and directed four feature films over the coming years. His most successful film, Life Classes (1988), was nominated for the Genie Award for Best Motion Picture and was selected for official competition at the 38th Berlin International Film Festival.
Richard Mammone attended the City College of New York where he earned a B.E.E.E and M.E.E.E in Electrical and Computer Engineering in 1975 and 1977, respectively. He earned a Ph. D. from the City University of New York in 1981. He has been a professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Rutgers University since 1982, later earning a joint appointment as a Rutgers Business School professor, and was awarded the Henry Rutgers Faculty Fellowship in 1985, 1986, and 1987. Mammone was also a recipient of the Samuel Rudin Scholarship of Society of American Military Engineers. His academic interests lie in signal processing and computational pattern recognition. Over the last 20 years, Dr. Mammone has published over 140 journal and conference papers in the areas of Neural Networks and Signal Processing. He has also published four books as well as numerous invited papers and talks on these topics. He is a founding member of the IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.) on Neural Networks and was Associate Editor of the IEEE Transactions on Neural Networks. He is a Senior Member of the IEEE and has been a consultant to numerous government agencies and corporations over the years.
Rudrangshu Mukherjee studied at Calcutta Boys' School, Presidency College, Kolkata, Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi, and St Edmund Hall, Oxford.
Harriet Frank, Jr. was born and raised in Portland, Oregon. While her mother worked as a Hollywood story editor, Frank attended the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), at the same time as her future husband, Irving Ravetch. Having graduated at different times from UCLA, the two met in the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer young writer's training program after World War II.
Zach Lutz was born on June 3, 1986 in Reading, Pennsylvania. He attended Governor Mifflin Senior High School in Shillington, Pennsylvania, then Alvernia University in Reading, where his father Yogi was the baseball coach. Zach played third base for the Alvernia Crusaders of the Division III Pennsylvania Athletic Conference (now known as the Colonial States Athletic Conference). He earned preseason All-American honors prior to his 2007 junior year.
Hymie Jacobson (1895--1952) was an American Jewish actor and composer in Yiddish vaudeville, films and theater. Born 1895 in Chicago to actors Joseph and Bessie Jacobson. His sister, Henrietta, married Yiddish theatre actor Julius Adler; his brother, Irving, was also a performer. He and Irving also owned some of the key venues for Yiddish theater in New York City. He played child roles from the age of 4 in Cincinnati. His first adult role was at the Arch Street Theater in Philadelphia (1917) as the comic in Panie Romani. In 1918 he played in the Peoples Theater and the following year was buff-comic (the company buffoon) at the Second Avenue Theater. In 1921 he played at Boris Thomashevsky's National Theater, in 1927 at the Public Theater, then in Boston and Chicago.
Daniel started riding bikes when he was twelve, just to hang out with his friends. In 1998, he went to his first skatepark and rode around. When he was sixteen, he and his parents moved to Buenos Aires, Argentina, where he really started riding in parks and with better riders. In 2003, he entered his first contest, and in 2006, he entered the Dew Action Sports Tour. In 2006, 2007, and 2008 Dhers has won the AST Dew Tour. Daniel Dhers won gold medals at the X Games in 2007, 2008, and 2010, and he was featured on several episodes of the American TV program Nitro Circus.
Jeanne Marie Beaumont is an American poet, author of three poetry collections, most recently, Burning of the Three Fires (BOA Editions, Ltd. 2010) and Curious Conduct (BOA Editions, Ltd., 2004). Her work has appeared in Boston Review, Barrow Street, Colorado Review, Court Green, Harper's, Manhattan Review, The Nation, New American Writing, Poetry Northwest, Witness, and World Literature Today, and she has had poems featured on The Writer's Almanac with Garrison Keillor. In 2006, San Francisco film-maker Jay Rosenblatt made a film based on her poem ``Afraid So'' as narrated by Garrison Keillor. The film has been shown at several major international film festivals, and included on a program of Rosenblatt's work screened at the Museum of Modern Art in October 2010. Beaumont was co-editor of American Letters & Commentary from 1992 to 2000. She grew up in the suburban Philadelphia area and moved to New York City in 1983. She earned her B.A. from Eastern College and an M.F.A. in Writing from Columbia University. She has taught at Rutgers University and regularly teaches at the 92nd Street Y. She served as the Director of the The Frost Place Advanced Seminar from 2007--2010, and serves on the faculty for the Stonecoast MFA Program in Creative Writing.
Dennis Hare was born in Glendale, California in 1946. His father Fred was an athlete, sports writer and advertising executive. His mother Arlene was an artist and interior designer. Hare has one sister, Kathy McPherson, a master Tole painter who has authored seven books on the subject. As a teenager, Hare excelled in sports. In 1964, as a high school senior, he was selected All C.I.F. in basketball. The same year he was awarded honorable mention as Prep All-American. Hare was introduced to volleyball while at San Diego State University where he graduated in 1969. That same year he was drafted in to the US Army and played for the All-Armed Forces Volleyball Team. After returning from the service Hare dedicate himself to the sport of doubles beach volleyball. In 1974 he won the world's first beach indoor two-man Volleyball Championship held at the San Diego Sports Arena. He went on to win seven open tournaments including the prestigious Hermosa Beach Open. His love of the sport prompted him to write the first book on the subject titled: The Art of Beach Volleyball. Hare was inducted into the Beach Volleyball Hall Of Fame in 2006. Today Hare is an avid tennis player with a 4.5 rating.
Emily Benedek is an American journalist and author. She is a graduate of Harvard College.
Berenguer was treated for histiocytosis at the Jimmy Fund Clinic at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute from 1985-2001. He is a graduate of the Boston Latin Academy and Northeastern University. He was a member of Latin Academy's baseball, football and track teams. His uncle Juan Berenguer played in the major leagues from 1978-1992.
He was born in Cedar Rapids, Iowa and died in Boston, Massachusetts. Metcalf began his art studies in 1932 at the Iowa Stone City Art Colony, headed by American Regionalist painter Grant Wood. Metcalf continued his studies at Coe College in Cedar Rapids with Stone City co-founder Marvin Cone. Metcalf graduated from Coe in 1936, then attended the School of the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston. He received an honorary doctorate degree from Coe in 1964. During his late twenties, and during his military service in World War II, Metcalf studied European master painters in Italy and France. This formal European influence affected his style, which differs from the earthy realism of his American Regionalist mentors. Metcalf was well-known and very active in the Boston, Massachusetts art community. Today, his works can be seen at the Café Pamplona in Cambridge, Massachusetts, Addison Gallery of American Art in Andover, Massachusetts, and at the Conger Metcalf Gallery at Coe College in Cedar Rapids.
Wilson Bryan Key, Ph.D. (January 31, 1925 - October 8, 2008) was the author of several books about subliminal advertising and subliminal messages. Controversial from the start, the books were widely read, particularly at universities, where he would often lecture. He obtained his doctorate in communications from the University of Denver and taught journalism for a short period of time at the University of Western Ontario. He was a colleague and friend of Marshall McLuhan. His results and conclusions have been challenged; see, for example , , .
Frederick W. Sims (July 23, 1862 -- February 8, 1925) was born in Louisa County, Virginia during the height of the American Civil War. As a youth, he learned to work diligently for everything, even though he was a frail boy. He received his early education in the local private and public schools and, later, at the University of Virginia. He was forced to leave the university shortly after his entrance, however, when his father died. Because of his desire to be a lawyer, he studied long hours and was admitted to the bar in 1885. He began practice at Louisa and, just six years later, was elected judge of the county court. This position was held until the county courts were abolished in February 1904. After leaving the bench of the county court, he returned to private practice until November 1905, when he was elected to the Virginia State Senate. Shortly after his term as senator expired, he was elected Mayor of Louisa and filled this office for several years. His health became much worse a few years later, but he continued working. On March 6, 1917, Judge Sims was elected to the Supreme Court of Appeals and, on February 1, 1924, became president of that court. He served as president less than a year before he was granted a leave because of his health, and died before he could return to the court.
Douglas K. Stuart (born 1943) is Professor of Old Testament at Gordon-Conwell Theological Seminary, an interdenominational Evangelical Seminary . He received his B.A. magna cum laude from Harvard College in 1964, spent two years at Yale Divinity School, and in 1971 received his PhD in Near Eastern Languages and Literature from Harvard University, on meter in Hebrew Poetry.
Born in Palm Desert, California, Jack started playing guitar at 8 years old when his parents gave him a plastic ukulele. Jack graduated from Indio High School in 1972 where he was the senior class president. While attending College of the Desert in Palm Desert he met and jammed with Pat Rizzo (who was then the sax player for Sly and the Family Stone) who introduced him to Jerry Martini (the original Sax player for Sly). Jack went off to college at San Diego State University as a pre-med student, but took a leave of absence in 1975 to move to San Francisco. Jerry and Jack (joined by Brad Gillis) started the band Rubicon, and the rest, as they say, is history.
Colin Hay (born 1968) is Professor of Political Analysis at the University of Sheffield. He studied Social and Political Science at Clare College, Cambridge University and moved to the Department of Sociology at Lancaster University to research his PhD under the supervision of Bob Jessop. He then worked at the University of Birmingham, where he was head of the Department of Political Science and International Studies between 2002 and 2005. He moved to Sheffield in 2007.
Fraser Anderson attended The Church College of New Zealand. Anderson made his first grade rugby league debut for the Brisbane Broncos in Round 14, 2006 against South Sydney Rabbitohs at Telstra Stadium. He is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Trgovich was a member of the 1971 East Chicago Washington High School Senators basketball team, which went undefeated (29-0) and won the Indiana state high school championship. Among his teammates were Junior Bridgeman, who went on to score over 10,000 points in the NBA, and Tim Stoddard, who played basketball at North Carolina State University and went on to have success as a Major League Baseball pitcher.
Alumnus Drew Henson played quarterback on the University of Michigan and Dallas Cowboys football teams after his graduation from BHS. Henson also played Major League Baseball for the New York Yankees, though only getting 9 career at-bats and one hit before retiring to concentrate on a professional football career. Henson went on to play for the Minnesota Vikings and Detroit Lions. Cullen Finnerty was another standout football quarterback from Brighton High School, who played his college football at Grand Valley State University and formerly played for the Baltimore Ravens and the Denver Broncos. Former NFL offensive lineman Dave Pearson also graduated from Brighton High School.
Roberts was the son of Henry Roberts, who is described in the records of the University of Oxford relating to Robert Roberts as being a ``gentleman'' and as being from Llandysilio, near Llangollen in Denbighshire, Wales. Robert Roberts was educated at Jesus College, Oxford. He matriculated at the University of Oxford in March 1699, when he was recorded as being eighteen years old, and he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1702. Roberts was then ordained as a priest in the Church of England and, in 1709, was appointed as vicar of the parish of Chirk, Denbighshire. He remained there until his death in 1741, his tombstone recording that he was then 61 years old.
McDormand was born in Chicago and was adopted by the McDormands, a Canadian couple -- Noreen, a registered nurse and receptionist, and Vernon, a Disciples of Christ pastor. She has said that her biological mother may have been one of the parishioners at Vernon's church. She has a sister, Dorothy A. McDormand, who is an ordained Disciples of Christ minister and chaplain, as well as another sibling, both of whom were adopted by the McDormands, who had no biological children. As her father specialized in restoring congregations, he frequently moved their family, and they lived in several small towns in Illinois, Georgia, Kentucky, and Tennessee, before settling in the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania area town of Monessen, where she graduated from high school in 1975. She attended Bethany College, West Virginia, and earned a B.A. in Theater in 1979.
Joseph Willard (December 29, 1738 -- September 25, 1804) was a U.S. Congregational clergyman and academic. He was educated at the Dummer Academy (now known as The Governor's Academy) and Harvard College (B.A., 1765; M.A., 1768) and served as pastor in Beverly, Massachusetts. In 1780 he was appointed first corresponding secretary of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and the following year he became president of Harvard in the midst of the American Revolution.
George Melachrino was born in London, England. As a young boy, he had a love of music. At the age of five, he began composing and by the age of fourteen he enrolled in the Trinity College of Music. In 1927, he began his career by singing and playing at the Savoy Hill Studios in London. For the next twelve years, he played in many different bands and orchestras. In the 1930s, Melachrino started working for bands led by Ambrose singing & playing saxophone with Carroll Gibbons at the Savoy Hotel London, and Bert Firman, and started playing on radio for the BBC. By 1939, he started his own band and secured a contract at the Café de Paris. He joined the Army a year later, and received training at the Corps of Military Police where he became a P.T. Instructor. Melachrino also gained experience as a military musician, at the Army Broadcasting Department, as Musical Director for the recording of entertainment for overseas forces, leading the British Band of the American Expeditionary Forces and the Orchestra Khaki. After the war, in 1945, he formed the George Melachrino Orchestra, an orchestra that became synonymous with sweet and melodious music.
Wem was the birthplace of comedian Greg Davies, actors Peter Vaughan and Peter Jones, and the childhood home of the essayist and critic, William Hazlitt, whose father was a Unitarian Minister in the town. Professional wrestler Neil Faith attended the Thomas Adams School in Wem. Daddy Mac, the boom boxer, was also from Wem, as was 18th-century portrait painter John Astley. Anna Essinger moved her boarding school to Trench Hall, near Wem when Bunce Court was given short notice to evacuate during World War II.
Robert A. Barnhardt was born in West Pittston, Pennsylvania in 1937. He was educated at the Philadelphia College of Textiles and Science where he earned a B.S. in textile engineering in 1959. He later served as the college's chairman of the Department of Textiles. He earned a M.S. from the Institute of Textile Technology (ITT), located in Charlottesville, Virginia, in 1961. Barnhardt also received a masters of education degree and a doctorate in education administration from the University of Virginia in 1970 and 1974 respectively.
William States Lee III, popularly known as Bill Lee, was born in Charlotte, North Carolina in 1929. He attended Woodberry Forest School and was a Magna Cum Laude and Phi Beta Kappa graduate of Princeton University in Civil Engineering. After serving in the U.S. Navy SeaBees, Lee joined Duke Power's engineering department in 1955 as a junior engineer. He was promoted to engineering vice president in 1965, engineering and construction senior vice president in 1971 and executive vice president in 1976. He became president and chief operating officer of Duke Power Company in 1978 and chairman and Chief Executive Officer in 1982.
William Stewart (c. 1490--1545) was a late medieval Scottish prelate. Born around 1490 in Glasgow, he was the son of Thomas Stewart of Minto. Details about his early life are obscure, but it is known that he attended the University of Glasgow before travelling to continental Europe to study theology and canon law. The first benefice he held was the parsonage of Lochmaben, which he was in possession of by July 1528. In the same year he became rector of Ayr, while he had received crown presentation as Provost of Lincluden Collegiate Church in July 1529, a post he would hold along with his new position as Lord High Treasurer of Scotland.
Eccles is the son of Spencer Stoddard Eccles and Pauline Hope Fox and the grandson of David Eccles, the Utah banker and industrialist. He earned a bachelor of science in finance in 1956 from the University of Utah, where he was also a member of Beta Theta Pi, and a master of business administration in 1958 from Columbia University School of Business.
Debbie Kurup is a British actress. She is the sister of singer and actress Helen Kurup. Kurup was educated at the Edmonton County School in the London Borough of Enfield and later trained at the North London Dance Studio.
Henry Gunderson (born 1990) is an American contemporary artist. He attended Redwood High School in Larkspur, California. He is currently a BFA candidate at the San Francisco Art Institute.
Leslie Glass was raised in New York City. She studied music at Mannes College and received a BA from Sarah Lawrence College where she studied under Joseph Campbell and Grace Paley.
Peter Matz was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on November 6, 1928 to Louis N. Matz and Alice (née Krieger) Matz. He studied Chemical Engineering at the University of California, Los Angeles, but after playing woodwind in local dance bands to support himself, he soon realised that music was his real vocation. After graduating Matz spent two years in Paris studying piano and music theory. In 1954, he returned to New York and acquired a job as a rehearsal pianist for Harold Arlen and Truman Capote's Broadway musical House of Flowers. Recognising Matz's talent, Arlen broadened his scope, and Matz arranged and conducted the music for several of the show's dance sequences. Later, Arlen commissioned Matz to write the vocal, dance music and orchestration arrangements for his musical, Jamaica. Impressed with Matz, Arlen began recommending him to others, including cabaret artist Marlene Dietrich.
The University of Greifswald is associated with a number of notable people, including both former students and faculty. For instance, two Nobel prize laureates as well as two German chancellors have studied or worked in Greifswald. Johannes Stark (1874--1957) received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1919 (see Nobel Prize Website) ``for his discovery of the Doppler effect in canal rays and the splitting of spectral lines in electric fields'' during his time at the University of Greifswald. In 1939, Gerhard Domagk (1895--1964) received the Nobel Prize in Medicine (see Nobel Prize Website) ``for the discovery of the antibacterial effects of prontosil''. The university was named in honour of its former student and faculty member, the writer, politician and poet Ernst Moritz Arndt. Otto von Bismarck, chancellor of the German Empire from 1871--1890 and the ``engineer'' of the Unification of Germany in 1871, had a connection to Greifswald when he studied at the agricultural college, as well as one of his successors, Prince Bernhard von Bülow, who was chancellor of the German Empire from 1900 to 1909. Franz Seldte, a chemist by profession, worked as German labour minister. Johannes Bugenhagen, who introduced the Reformation in much of Northern Germany and Scandinavia was a student at the University of Greifswald and Thomas Thorild, a Swedish poet spent parts of his life in Greifswald. Alfred Gomolka, Member of the European Parliament for the CDU, worked for the university as well as the mathematician Felix Hausdorff.Bernhard Windscheid is one of the fathers of present German civil law. Ferdinand Sauerbruch, Theodor Billroth, Johann Friedrich Dieffenbach and Friedrich Loeffler made important contributions to the field of medical science. Hermann Löns became famous as a poet just like the discovers of Africa explorer Gustav Nachtigal became known around the world. Carl Schmitt, one of the most influential figures of 20th century political science was a member of staff. Mie scattering is named for Gustav Mie, a former professor of Physics. Georg Friedrich Schömann, Ulrich von Wilamowitz-Moellendorff were noted classical philologists. Ernst W. Mayr, one of the 20th century's most influential evolutional biologists, studied at the University of Greifswald.
Sidique Mansaray was born and raised in Sierra Leone's fourth largest city of Koidu Town, Kono District to prominent Mandingo parents. He attended the Koidu Secondary School in Koidu Town. He started his professional football career with his hometown club the Diamond Stars in Sierra Leone National Premier League in 1996 at a very young age and made his senior international debut for Sierra Leone in 1997.
He was the second son of Patrick Forbes of Corse, bishop of Aberdeen, and Lucretia, daughter of David Spens of Wormiston, Fife. He entered King's College, Aberdeen, in 1607. In 1612 he visited his exiled uncle John Forbes at Middelburg, and then went to the university of Heidelberg. There he studied theology under David Pareus. In 1615 he moved to Sedan, and continued his studies under his kinsman Andrew Melville. After some time at other universities, he was ordained at Middelburg in April 1619, by his uncle John Forbes and other presbyters.
Harold Fleming Snead was born on June 16, 1903, in Richmond, Virginia and died in December 1987 in Richmond. He received his higher education at the University of Richmond, obtaining a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1925 and an LL. B. from T. C. Williams Law School at the University of Richmond in 1929. From 1935 to 1948, he was trial judge in Henrico County and, in 1948, was appointed judge of the Tenth Judicial Circuit. Judge Snead remained at the circuit court until he was elected to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia on January 14, 1957. With the retirement of Chief Justice Eggleston and Justice Buchanan on September 30, 1969, Justice Snead became Chief Justice, being the first native Richmonder ever to fill that position. Justice Snead served on the Supreme Court until he retired on September 30, 1974. He was a member of Omicron Delta Kappa and Delta Theta Phi.
Karin Lichey is an American gymnast (born September 19, 1977 in Cincinnati, Ohio. She attended the University of Georgia from 1996-1999, and was part of both NCAA Championship teams in 1998 and 1999. She earned first-team All-America certificates in all five categories both of those years and earned a total of 11 All-America awards in her career. The Southeastern Conference recognized her as its Freshman of the Year in 1996 and Gymnast of the Year in 1999. In her freshman year she scored a perfect 40.0, and remains the only collegiate gymnast ever to accomplish this feat.
Prof. Ramesh C. Deka obtained his MBBS degree from the Gauhati Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) in 1969 and his MS (ENT) from AIIMS in 1973.
Brighton Faculty of Arts and Architecture has supported and educated many key figures in the arts. In 2009 an Exhibition, From Art School to University: Art and Design at Brighton 1859-2009, paid tribute to many of them and included Turner Prize winners, iconic design work, cutting-edge dance for camera and classic rock and pop imagery. Turner Prize winners Keith Tyson and Rachel Whiteread studied at the Faculty of Arts, University of Brighton, as did the artists Alison Lapper, Keith Coventry, Sylvia Sleigh, the designer Julien Macdonald and the writer-illustrator Emily Gravett. The list of world-renowned students, lecturers and researchers once at Brighton includes sculptor Anthony Gormley, Kate Greenaway Medal winners Emily Gravett, Raymond Briggs and Quentin Blake; artist Mike Chaplin; children's writer-illustrator Lucy Cousins; Magnum photographer Mark Power; Fashion designers Barbara Hulanicki, Caroline Broadhead, Mark Eley and Julien Macdonald; design historian Jonathan Woodham and dress historian Lou Taylor. Also Bahman Mostaghimi, who was recognised in 2004 by the People's Republic of China for his outstanding work with the Chinese textile industry and education.
Jon Hess, who is from , established the Rockland County scoring record (314 points). He attended Nyack High School, where he earned All-county recognition three times, but was unable to lead them past perennial league champion Yorktown High School. Hess was an Empire State Games gold medalist in 1992 and bronze medalist in 1993.
Theodore Raimi was born in Detroit, Michigan, as a son of Celia Barbara (née Abrams), a lingerie store proprietor, and Leonard Ronald Raimi, a furniture store proprietor. When he was young, Bruce Campbell was his babysitter. Raimi attended University of Michigan, New York University, then finally University of Detroit before graduating. He began acting as an extra in his elder brother, director Sam Raimi's Super 8 films. His eldest brother, Ivan Raimi, a doctor, is also involved in the film industry as a screenwriter and occasional contributor to Sam's movies. Ted also has an older sister, Andrea Raimi Rubin, who is currently a court reporter.
As was the case with his father, Claud Andrew Montagu Douglas Scott was known most commonly by his middle name, Andrew, and he was educated at Eton College, Eton, Berkshire, England.
Torben Giehler was born in 1973 in Bad Oeynhausen, Germany, and lives and works in Berlin and New York City. He is a graduate of the School of the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston. He has been awarded the Falkenrot Preis from the Künstlerhaus Bethanien, Berlin, is the recipient of the James William Paige Fund and the Clarissa Bartlett Scholarship.
Masters is the son of authors Dexter Masters and Joan Brady. He was educated at Bedales School, and took a first in physics from King's College London. He then went St Edmund's College, Cambridge for a further degree in maths, and then the beginnings of a PhD in the philosophy of quantum mechanics. He was studying for an MSc degree in mathematics with the Open University, and working as an assistant at a hostel for the homeless in Cambridge, when he wrote his first book.
Sir Harry Waechter, 1st Baronet DL (June 6, 1871 -- May 20, 1929) was the only son of Sir Max Waechter. He was a businessman and philanthropist, who started developing the garden, now called ``Ramster'' near Chiddingfold in Surrey, which he purchased at some time between 1890 and 1900. He also had property in Salisbury, Southern Rhodesia (now called Harare, Zimbabwe). He was educated at Clifton College and Trinity College, Cambridge. He was made a partner in Bessler, Waechter & Co. in 1901. He was raised to the Baronetage in the New Years Honours, January 1911. He is described in The Times article as ``Henry Waechter, Esq, Managing Director of the firm of Bessler, Waechter and Co. Limited, Shippers and Ship owners of which Sir Max Waechter is Chairman. Has given generous support to the Territorial Force and Cadet Corps in Surrey. High Sheriff of Surrey in 1910 and Master of the Chiddingfold Foxhounds. '' In 1907, he instituted a Band Competition, held at Ramster.
Alhassan Bako Zaku was born on January 18, 1951 at Dampar in Ibi Local Government Area of Taraba State. He attended Barewa College, Zaria (1965 - 1971) and Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria (1972 -- 1979) where he obtained a B.sc (Ed) degree in 1976, and an M.Ed in 1979. In 1978, he joined the College of Education, Jalingo as a lecturer. He went to the University of Hull, England in 1981, obtaining a Doctorate in 1983 in Science and Technical Education. He returned to the College of Education, Jalingo and was made its provost in 1986.
William Crooke passed the competitive examination for the Indian Civil Service (ICS) and arrived in India on 2 November 1871, having obtained his BA degree from Trinity College, Dublin.
Tor Hagfors was born in Oslo in 1930. He studied at the Norwegian Institute of Technology (NTH), and he received his doctorate degree in 1959 from the University of Oslo. He worked at the Norwegian Defence Research Establishment from 1955 to 1963, interrupted by a sabbatical at Stanford University from 1959 to 1960. He was employed at the Lincoln Laboratory in Lexington, Massachusetts in two periods, from 1963 to 1967 and from 1969 to 1971. From 1967 to 1969 he was director of the Jicamarca Radio Observatory in Lurigancho, outside Lima, Peru. He was lecturing electrical engineering at NTH from 1973 to 1982, and in the period from 1975 to 1982 he also served as director of EISCAT, when the organization's facilities in northern Scandinavia were constructed.
Kim Mohan was born in Chicago, Illinois, and moved to Williams Bay, Wisconsin when he was five. He became an avid science-fiction and fantasy reader and occasional wargamer, and graduated third in his high school class. He attended Beloit College, switching majors between philosophy, mathematics, and other subjects. ``I decided that what I really wanted to do was write, so I sort of fell into a job working for the Lake Geneva Regional News as a reporter, and dropped out of college. That lasted for a few months, then I joined the staff of the Beloit Daily News, where I stayed for nine years.`` During that time, Mohan worked as everything from a sports writer, an editorial writer, the state editor, and the wire service editor. After nine years, he had grown tired of the newspaper business, and became a freelance writer for various newspapers.
Foxe was born Earl Aldrich Fox in Oxford, Ohio, to Charles Aldrich Fox, originally of Flint, Michigan, and Eva May Herron. His older half sister was Ethel May Fox, a music teacher, born in Michigan to Charles Aldrich Fox and Katie Eldridge. Always very private about his own early history. He was educated at Ohio State University. He left for New York as a young man, joined a stock company and became a successful stage star, being on the stage with Douglas Fairbanks before going into films.
Xiang Junbo became chairman of the Agricultural Bank of China Limited in January 2009. He obtained a PHD in law from Peking University, which is situated at Haidian District in the western suburb of Beijing.
Wesley So was born in Bacoor, Cavite in 1993 to William and Eleanor So, who are both accountants. He was aged 6 when his father taught him to play chess and was 9 when he started to compete in junior active chess tournaments where his aggressive and tactical style of play caught the attention of former Philippine chess champion IM Rodolfo Tan Cardoso. Cardoso said, ``The young lad... would sacrifice a queen or any other pieces in his arsenal to get a winning attack.'' Also according to Cardoso, So did not have the full sponsorships enjoyed by the other chess prodigies, saying ``He cannot afford decent training given by well known GM-coaches and has to rely on his pure talent, diligence and, of course, the Fritz programs before competing.'' Wesley formerly attended the Jesus Good Shepherd School and currently goes to school at St. Francis of Assisi College in Bacoor, Cavite.
Ayden trained as an actor at the Guildford School of Acting and graduated in 2004 after a three year course, where he achieved a BADC-Level II gold grade too. He is currently managed by Burnett Granger Crowther associates Ltd. and member of Equity (trade union). After his departure from Emmerdale, Ayden has been cast in Danny Patrick's new film, The Best Years (movie). We will see him playing the role of Frank McKnight. In 2010 Ayden Callaghan is going to play the role of Dean Snaith in Alan Ayckbourn's play If I Were You.
In 1930 he attended the Technical University of Berlin, where he joined the Verein für Raumschiffahrt (VfR, the ``Spaceflight Society'') and assisted Willy Ley in his liquid-fueled rocket motor tests in conjunction with Hermann Oberth. He also studied at ETH Zurich. Although he worked mainly on military rockets in his later years there, space travel remained his primary interest.
Stagedoor Manor served as the inspiration for the 2003 independent film Camp written and directed by Stagedoor alumnus Todd Graff. Stagedoor was also a subject of a 2006 documentary by Alexandra Shiva.
Esther Gordy Edwards was born to Berry Gordy, Sr. and Bertha Fuller Gordy in Oconee County, Georgia. She was the couple's second oldest child and eldest daughter. When she was two years old, her parents moved to Detroit, Michigan. Edwards' younger siblings included sisters Anna, the late Loucye, and Gwen, as well as brothers Fuller, George, Berry and Robert, who was the youngest of the family. Edwards attended Detroit's prestigious Cass Technical High School. She later graduated from Howard University. Esther married Detroit politician George Edwards in 1951, and they have a son, Robert Bullock (whom she had from a previous relationship).
Admitted to the Conseil d'État in 1929, Pierre Laroque (1907--1997), in 1931, he entered the Cabinet of Adolphe Landry, Minister of Work and Social Care, to become a specialist in social insurance.
Chet Williamson was born in 1948 in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. He attended Indiana University of Pennsylvania, receiving a B.S. in 1970, and went on to be a teacher at public schools in Cleveland, Ohio, then he became a professional actor before becoming a freelance writer in 1986. His earlier novels include Second Chance, an ecological thriller/romance, Ash Wednesday, Reign and Dreamthorp. His story, ``Gandhi at the Bat'', was made into a short film by Stephanie Argy and Alec Boehm. Figures in Rain, a collection of Williamson's short stories, won the International Horror Guild Award. He has been shortlisted twice for the World Fantasy Award, six times for the Horror Writers Association's Bram Stoker Award, and once for the Mystery Writers of America's Edgar Award. His books have been translated and published in many languages and countries, including France, Germany, Russia, Italy and Japan. Many of his out of print books have been reprinted as e-books by Crossroad Press.
Geraint Rhys Davies, (born 7 March 1986 in Swansea, Wales) is a Welsh rugby league player currently playing for Limoux Grizzlies in the Elite One Championship. He was educated at Llandovery College on a rugby scholarship and is a Wales Rugby League international. He has played for Crusaders in the European Super League and for the Wales national rugby league team. His position is normally prop but can also play in the back row.
Nils Nilsen Ronning was born in Bø in Telemark, Norway. After he emigrated to America in 1887, he attended the Faribault public school. He had studied for the Lutheran ministry and attended the Haugean Lutheran church Red Wing Seminary from 1887 to 1892. He graduated from the University of Minnesota at 1892-96 (BA, MA).
Bruce Boston (born 1943) is an American speculative fiction writer and poet who was born in Chicago and grew up in Southern California. He received a B.A. in economics from the University of California, Berkeley, 1965, and an M.A., 1967. He lived in the San Francisco Bay Area from 1961 to 2001, where he worked in a variety of occupations, including computer programmer, college professor (literature and creative writing, John F. Kennedy University, Orinda, California, 1978--82), technical writer, book designer, gardener, movie projectionist, retail clerk, and furniture mover. He ly lives in Ocala, Florida, with his wife, writer-artist Marge Simon, whom he married in 2001.
Sabine Singh is a first generation American, born in Suffern, NY to immigrant parents. She is the daughter of Anand Singh, an Indian Maharaja and Gisa Singh an Austrian model. Sabine grew up in an environment full of cultural diversity, biracial ancestry, and a desire to explore her heritage through the arts. Before graduating from NYU's Tisch School of the Arts, Singh attended The University of Michigan, as well as the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Arts (LAMDA) and the British American Drama Academy both in London. Continuing her love of Shakespeare, Singh also studied at Balliol College at the University of Oxford.
Dahyabhai Patel (1906 -- 1967) was the son of Indian leader Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, an Indian freedom fighter and later a member of the Parliament of India. Educated in Bombay, Dahyabhai Patel graduated from the Gujarat Vidyapith and began working for an insurance company, and settled in Bombay. His first wife Yashoda died, leaving him his son Bipin. He later married Bhanumati and had more children. His flat on Sandhurst Road and later Prabhadevi in Bombay was the frequent residence of Sardar Patel. Although primarily a businessman, Patel participated in the Quit India movement and was imprisoned from 1942 to 1944. After India's independence, Patel won elections to the Lok Sabha in 1957 and 1962, and also served in the Rajya Sabha.
Paolo J. Knill, Ph.D., Dr. h.c., is Provost of the European Graduate School and Professor Emeritus at Lesley University in Cambridge, MA. Dr. Knill was born on July 11, 1932, in Switzerland and is a scientist, artist, therapist, educator and musician. Dr. Knill holds Master's of Science in Aerodynamics and Structural Mechanics with a minor in Humanities and Applied Psychology from the Swiss Institute for Technology ETH Zurich. He studied Organizational Consulting and Management Consulting at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), during which time, he was also a Research Fellow at the Aerospace Lab and an Adjunct Faculty for Music. He completed his certificate for Youth and Family Counseling in 1970, then completed his Ph.D. in Psychology at the Union Graduate School in Ohio in 1976.
Born in Oakland, CA, Elyse Pignolet is an American with Filipino heritage. She studied fine arts at California State University, San Francisco. She continued her studies at California State University, Long Beach, on a CSU exchange program. In 2001 she lived in Madrid and Barcelona, Spain, studying arts and Spanish. She completed her BFA degree at CSU Long Beach in 2007. Her studies included an intensive ceramics exchange through mainland China in 2007, and participation in the International Ceramics Biennal in Korea, also in 2007.
Billy Aronson is an American playwright and writer best known for coming up with the original concept of the rock opera Rent (which was based on Puccini's opera La bohème). He also came up with additional lyrics for Rent, and he almost completely wrote ``Santa Fe''. In addition to Rent he has written many one act plays such as Of Two Minds, Guilt, Night Rules, and In the Middle of the Night which was performed as part of the Ensemble Studio Theatre's 2011 Marathon. Other plays by Aronson include Light Years and The News. He also helped create musicals such as No Dogs Allowed, and Flurry. He has written for many popular children shows, such as Postcards from Buster, , The Upside Down Show, and Courage the Cowardly Dog. He attended Lower Merion High School and Princeton University, and currently lives in New York with his wife Lisa (whom he married in 1990), and kids Anna and Jake.
Reiley was born in New York City and was educated in the local public school system. He attended the prestigious Jesuit school, Xavier High School (New York City), and Columbia Grammar School, a College Preparatory School, in New York City. He graduated from the Columbia School of Architecture in 1900 and continued his alumni networking there throughout the rest of his career. Following graduation, he worked the next two years a draftsman in the office of Ernest Flagg from 1900 to 1902 and later as supervisor of construction for Van Vleck and Goldsmith from 1902 to 1903. After a period of European travel and study in Paris from 1903 to 1904, he then entered into a partnership with fellow Columbia graduate Gustave E. Steinback. The firm, known as Reiley and Steinback continued in practice from 1904 through 1913 and was responsible for many buildings for Roman Catholic clients throughout the Eastern United States. After the partnership was dissolved, both men went on to lengthy careers designing Roman Catholic churches, with Reiley's firm known as Robert J. Reiley.
He completed his bachelor's degree at Harvard University and subsequently attended Cambridge University for part III of the mathematical tripos. While there John H. Coates provided him with a problem for his doctoral thesis, which he later completed at Princeton University under the advising of Kenkichi Iwasawa. The title of his thesis was Division Values in Local Fields, and it was later cited in Andrew Wiles's final paper presenting the proof of Fermat's Last Theorem.
Linda Ogugua (born 12 April, 1978 is a Nigerian women's basketball Center. Ogugua attended Biola University in California, United States and with the Nigeria women's national basketball team at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
John Sisko (May 22, 1958) spent his early years in Montana. At age 6, he was first exposed to great sculpture at the 1964 New York World's Fair where Michelangelo's Pietà was exhibited outside of Italy for the first time. Sisko moved to suburban Seattle at age 13, where he resided through high school. At the age of 20, he began study in the Fine Arts at Western Washington University where he met Tom Sherwood. Beginning in 1979, Sisko studied studio practices under Sherwood for the next eight years. During this time, Sisko also attended the University of Washington, graduating with a B.A. in philosophy in 1987.
Gordon Neil Stewart (25 June 1912 - 15 February 1999) was an Australian writer. Stewart was born in Melbourne into a wealthy Australian family with pastoral interests in the Bathurst district of New South Wales. He was a great grandson of Major General William Stewart (1769--1854) Lieutenant Governor of New South Wales from 1825 to 1827. Stewart received a spasmodic education at The Scots College, Sydney due to his parents' frequent travels, but developed a love of reading from long holidays spent in the library of his uncle's house (Abercrombie House) in Bathurst. The family moved to Paris when Stewart was in his late teens. He attended an English language school and then studied art. With other members of his family now based in England, Stewart settled in London where he worked from time to time as a journalist and became involved in radical politics. He mixed in literary circles and met Pamela Hansford Johnson and Dylan Thomas. He is said to have been banished from the poetry circle of Victor Neuburg, known for his occult interests, for making jokes about 'yogis and bogeys'. In 1936 he married the novelist Pamela Hansford Johnson (1s 1941, 1d 1944) with whom he collaborated on two thrillers under the name Nap Lombard. When the Second World War broke out he joined the British army and served as an officer in the artillery in India and Burma. After his divorce from Pamela Hansford Johnson, Stewart married Doreen Ellen Coulling in 1950 (1d 1952). Stewart returned to Australia in 1955 and worked in Sydney as a journalist for the mining and construction industry. He retired to Bathurst in 1983 where he died on 15 February 1999.
Skipwith Cannell (1887 - 1957) was an American poet associated with the Imagist group. His surname is pronounced with the accent on the second syllable. He was a friend of William Carlos Williams, and like Ezra Pound he came from Philadelphia. Cannell studied at the University of Virginia and was enthusiastic about the work of Edgar Allan Poe and the free verse of The King James Version of The Bible. He was briefly married to Kathleen Eaton Cannell, who was generally known as 'Kitty'.
Ben Johnson was born in Llandudno, north Wales. He studied at the Royal College of Art in London. His first solo exhibition was held in New York in 1969. He is the only painter to have been made an honorary Fellow of the Royal Institute of British Architects (RIBA), having been elected in 1990. In November 2010, he had his first solo exhibition of his paintings at Alan Cristea Gallery, London.
Before the advent of modern law schools in the United States, justices, like most attorneys of the time, completed their legal studies by ``reading law'' (studying under and acting as an apprentice to more experienced attorneys) rather than attend a formal program. The first Justice to be appointed who had attended an actual law school was Levi Woodbury, appointed to the Court in 1846. Woodbury had attended Tapping Reeve Law School in Litchfield, Connecticut, the most prestigious law school in the United States in that day, prior to his admission to the bar in 1812. However, Woodbury did not earn a law degree. Woodbury's successor on the Court, Benjamin Robbins Curtis, who received his law degree from Harvard Law School in 1832, and was appointed to the Court in 1851, was the first Justice to bear such a credential.
Kohki Abe obtained his doctoral degree from Waseda University in Japan. Subsequently, he obtained an LL.M from the University of Virginia School of Law and was a visiting professor at the Centre for Refugee Studies in York University, Canada. As of July, 2008 he is Dean of the law school at Kanagawa University in Yokohama, Japan, where he teaches international law, human rights and refugee law. He is a board member of both the Japanese Society of International Human Rights Law, and the Japanese Civil Liberties Union. He also is president of the Tokyo-based NGO Human Rights Now.
Mikhail Horowitz was born in Brooklyn, New York. He graduated from Erasmus Hall High School in 1967 and went on to attend State University of New York at New Paltz where he performed in a production of Carlo Gozzi's Turandot. He frequented on and off-campus poetry readings and performance gigs, reading his own poetry, playing the recorder and harmonica and performing with local musicians, including Raoul Vezina, Richard J. (Rich) Rizzi and others. In classic '60s style, he dropped out of college in 1970 to work full time on the Gargoyle, the Hudson Valley's first alternative or ``underground'' which he helped to start in 1969 in New Paltz, Ulster County, NY -- then a major center of student action, antiwar protest, assisted psychotropics, and artistic renaissance.
Mark Gorski (born January 6, 1960 in Chicago) is a retired track cyclist from the United States. He attended Lake Park High School in Roselle, Illinois.
Casey Laulala (born 3 May 1982, in Apia, Samoa) is a New Zealand rugby union player. He attended Woodhouse Grove School (West Yorkshire, UK) in the sixth form on a scholarship.
Lionel Jarvis trained at Guy's Hospital, London graduating in 1977.
Edward Eliscu (April 2, 1902, New York City -- June 18, 1998, Newtown, Connecticut) was a lyricist, playwright, producer and actor. He attended the City College of New York where he attained a Bachelor of Science degree. He then began acting in Broadway plays. Eliscu's first film score was with Vincent Youmans and Billy Rose for the film Great Day.
W. Wilson Goode, Jr. is a City Councilman At-Large in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Councilman Goode is the son of former Philadelphia Mayor W. Wilson Goode. He was born on August 9, 1965. He graduated from Central High School and the University of Pennsylvania.
Vin Suprynowicz was born in Connecticut near the start of the Post-World War II baby boom. He graduated from Eaglebrook School in 1965, E. O. Smith High School in 1968, and Wesleyan University (Middletown, Connecticut) in 1972 with a degree in art and a concentration in filmmaking. He started his newspaper career writing on a part-time basis for the Hartford Advocate, before becoming (in succession) a reporter for the Willimantic Chronicle, a news editor of the Norwich Bulletin, and the managing editor of the daily Northern Virginia Sun. He also published the Providence Eagle from 1980 to 1985, before moving to Arizona where he was editor-in-chief of the West Valley View, a newspaper serving the western Phoenix metropolitan area. In 1992 Vin received an offer to join the Las Vegas Review-Journal and left Arizona for Nevada.
John Mackey was born in New Philadelphia, Ohio and grew up in Westerville, Ohio, where he attended Westerville South High School. Though musicians themselves, Mackey's parents did not provide him with music lessons. His grandfather however, taught him to read music and introduced him to computer music notation, but Mackey never formally studied an instrument. Through experimentation with programs intended for entertainment rather than education, Mackey began to compose his own music. Mackey received a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in 1995 from the Cleveland Institute of Music, where he studied with Donald Erb. Mackey received a Master of Music degree from Juilliard in 1997, having studied with John Corigliano. Mackey has stated his support for these institutions' policies of not requiring composers to perform an audition as many composers, like himself, do not play instruments. On this subject, Mackey has said, ``There are obviously ways to compose music without playing a formal instrument.''
Born Albert Gordon MacRae in East Orange, New Jersey, MacRae graduated from Deerfield Academy in 1940 and served as a navigator in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II. Prior to this, he attended Nottingham High School in Syracuse, NY.
Justin Kawashima was born in Japan, but his family moved to the United States that same year. He grew up in Houston, Texas graduating from Memorial High School. He attended New York University and majored in Music History. Kawashima was accepted into the BMI Lehman Engel Musical Theater Workshop making him the youngest person to join the group until Robert Lopez (who later won a Tony Award for writing Avenue Q) took that honor.
Jimmy Rayl attended Indiana University, where he was an All-American his Junior and Senior seasons. Rayl averaged 20.6 ppg for his career and still holds the Hoosier single-game scoring record of 56 points, in which he did twice against Michigan State and Minnesota. He shot 41.6 percent from the floor and 83.5 percent from the line in 68 games as a Hoosier.
Geoffrey D. Borman is an American quantitative methodologist and policy analyst. He received his Ph.D. from the University of Chicago in 1997 and is currently a professor of education and sociology at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison, Deputy Director of the University of Wisconsin-- Madison's Predoctoral Interdisciplinary Research Training Program, and a Senior Researcher with the Consortium for Policy Research in Education http://www.wcer.wisc.edu/cpre/ at the Wisconsin Center for Education Research http://www.wcer.wisc.edu.
Alan Cheuse (born January 23, 1940, Perth Amboy, New Jersey, U.S.) is an American writer and critic, the son of a Russian immigrant father and a mother of Romanian descent. He graduated from Perth Amboy High School in 1957 and Rutgers University in 1961. After traveling abroad and working for several years at various writing and editing jobs, he returned to Rutgers to study for a Ph.D. in Comparative Literature, which he was awarded in 1974 (having written a thesis on the life and work of the Cuban novelist Alejo Carpentier). He then taught literature at Bennington College for nearly a decade and then took various posts at , the University of Virginia and the University of Michigan before joining the faculty at George Mason University.
Thomas Triplett was christened on 6 April 1602, at St Nicholas Cole Abbey, London (near St Paul's Cathedral), the son of Robert Triplett, Master of the Stationers Company of London, and Margery (Cartwright). Triplett was educated at St Paul's School, London and Christ Church, Oxford where he graduated M.A. in 1625.
Flagello was born in New York City, into a very musical family. His brother Ezio Flagello was a bass who sang at the Metropolitan Opera. One of his first music teachers was the composer Vittorio Giannini, and he then studied at the Manhattan School of Music. In 1955, he went on to the Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia in Rome where he studied with Ildebrando Pizzetti. His music was first recorded in the early 1960s, and he produced a large body of work, reaching the height of his fame with his oratorio, The Passion of Martin Luther King (1968), premiered in 1974. In the mid-1980s, his career was cut short by a degenerative disease. He died in New Rochelle, N.Y. on March 16, 1994.
George M. White, FAIA, (November 1, 1920 - June 17th, 2011) was an American architect who served as the Architect of the Capitol from January 27, 1971 to November 21, 1995. He was born in Cleveland, Ohio and attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology at the age of sixteen. He graduated with a B.S. and an M.S. in electrical engineering in 1941. He later received an M.B.A. from Harvard and a J.D. from Case Western Reserve University. He oversaw the construction of the Library of Congress James Madison Memorial Building and the Hart Senate Office Building, as well as the restoration of the old Supreme Court and Senate chambers.
Jay Furman is a developer and owner of real estate located in thirty-nine U.S. states and Puerto Rico. He has significant interests in more than 150 shopping centers, office buildings, hotels and industrial/storage facilities. In addition, Mr. Furman is the president of RD Management LLC and oversees the operations of all its affiliates. Following his graduation from New York University School of Law, he obtained a Master's of Philosophy in economics from the Columbia University. He has developed or acquired over 125 properties during the period from 1993 through mid-2006, and currently has over 20 properties under development.
He was born on March 16, 1987 in Joppatowne, Maryland to parents George and Sherri Navarre. Jeremy Navarre attended Joppatowne High School where he played football as a fullback and defensive end for his last three years. As a senior in 2004, Navarre recorded 145 tackles (110 solo), 11 sacks, four fumble recoveries, and 15 receptions for 290 yards and three touchdowns. He was twice named a consensus first-team all-state and Baltimore Sun first-team All-Met player. As a junior, he was named the Baltimore Sun Athlete of the Year, and, as a senior, he was named the Harford County defensive player of the year.
Guan Linzheng was born in a rural peasant family in Hu County, Shaanxi on March 19, 1905. The famous Chinese educator Yu Youren recommended him to joined the Chinese Nationalist Party headed by Dr. Sun Yat-sen in Caton. So he travelled to there with other fellow students from Shaanxi and attended the Whampoa Military Academy, some of his notable classmates included Du Yuming, Fan Hanjie, Hu Lian, Liu Yuzhang, Zhang Lingfu and Lin Biao. In 1925, as a member of the first graduating class the Academy, he was serious injured in his knees during the Eastern Expedition against the Cantonese warlord Chen Jiongming. Only through the personal intervention of Liao Zhongkai, the Kuomintang party representative, that he did made a full recovery of his wounds and avoided being amputated. In 1926, he was appointed as the battalion commander of the Central garrsion regiment and participated in the Northern Expedition. In 1927 Guan received his promotion as regiment commander of the General Headquarters of National Revolutionary Army, and was then transferred to the 11th division, one of Generalissimo Chiang Kai Shek's most elite units. The deputy division commander General Chen Cheng tried to enlist Guan's support to remove the division commander who was not a graduate of the Whampoa Military Academy, but Guan opposed his move. The relationship between two men grew very tense as a result. In September 1928, Guan was promoted as brigade commander of the 11th division and later as deputy commander of the new 5th division. In 1930 he fought under President Chiang Kai Shek during the Central Plains War and was transferred again to the South to attack the Chinese communist forces under Red Army commander Chen Geng in Hubei, forcing them to join the Long March two years later. He was then promoted to command the 25th division because of this achievement.
Aaron Gillego pursued the Master of Fine Arts (MFA) degree in Poetry at the University of Miami, where he received a fellowship. He studied with Asian-American writers, including Nick Carbo http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=1667164, Evelina Galang http://www.mevelinagalang.com/, and Walter K. Lew http://www.as.miami.edu/english/mfa/lew.htm. He also studied with Maureen Seaton http://www.pshares.org/Authors/authorDetails.cfm?prmAuthorID=1373 and novelist A. Manette Ansay http://www.amanetteansay.com/. His thesis was entitled, In the Neighborhood of Madness, a memoir, which owes its title to a passage from Nietzsche's book, Human, All Too Human.
Moore was educated at Dulwich College, and Trinity College, Cambridge, where he read Classics and Moral Sciences. He became a Fellow of Trinity in 1898, and went on to hold the University of Cambridge chair of mental philosophy and logic, from 1925 to 1939. He was the brother of the writer and engraver Thomas Sturge Moore.
Laurin L. Henry (b. May 23, 1921) was born in Kankakee, Illinois. Henry earned his Bachelor's degree from DePauw University, graduating with honors in 1942. After serving in the U.S. Navy from 1942 to 1946, he received his Masters and Ph.D. from the University of Chicago in 1948 and 1960, respectively.
Wollaston was the son of Francis Wollaston (1694-1774) and his wife Mary Fauquier. He was educated privately and at Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge, where he graduated LL.B. in 1754. Though admitted to Lincoln's Inn in 1750, Wollaston never entered the bar, but became a clergyman. Ordained deacon in 1754 and priest in 1755, he became Rector of Dengie in 1758. From 1761 to 1769 he was Rector and Vicar of East Dereham, and from 1769 to 1815 Rector of Chislehurst.
Stuart Meaker (born 21 January 1989 in Durban, Natal, South Africa) is a cricketer who plays for Surrey. His family came to England in 2001, and he was educated at Cranleigh School. For cricketing purposes he is regarded as English. He is a right-arm fast bowler and a right-handed batsman. His profile on Surrey's own website says that he has been clocked at 96mph.
Richard Stover studied chemical engineering at the University of Texas at Austin from 1983 through 1986. He graduated with bachelor's degree and worked for 3M Company in Minnesota from 1986 through 1990 as a process and chemical engineer. He was responsible for product delivery, reliability, and cost at a videotape manufacturing facility.
Andrew Gower was born in Nottingham, England. He attended The Becket School and went on to study at Cambridge University. The 2007 Sunday Times Rich List listed Andrew and Paul Gower as the 654th richest entrepreneurs in the UK, worth £113 million. In 2009, the Sunday Times listed them as the 566th richest men, worth an estimated £99 million. The Daily Telegraph also listed Andrew and Paul Gower as the 11th richest young entrepreneurs in the UK.
Peter Gantzler originally studied Danish at the University of Copenhagen, but changed to the Danish National School of Theatre where he got his degree in 1990. He has performed on various theaters in the Copenhagen area, but is primarily known from television and movies.
Amelia Jae graduated from Charles Sturt University with a Bachelor of Education (Primary).
Pendleton was born in Warren, Ohio, the son of Frances Manchester Pendleton, a professional actress, and Thorn Pendleton, who ran a tool company. Pendleton is a graduate of Yale University, where he was a member of Scroll and Key Society. As a stage actor, he has appeared in The Last Sweet Days of Isaac (for which he won the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Performance and an Obie Award), The Diary of Anne Frank, Grand Hotel, Goodtime Charley, The Little Foxes, Fiddler on the Roof, and Up from Paradise.
Benchellali is the younger brother of Menad Benchellali, an alleged graduate of the Derunta training camp, who it is claimed, received chemical weapons training. Benchellali and Nizar Sassi are alleged to have traveled to Afghanistan on forged passports.
John Steiner (born 7 January 1941 in Chester) is an English actor. Tall, thin and gaunt, Steiner attended the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts and worked for a few years at the BBC. Steiner featured in a lead role in a television production of Design for Living by Noel Coward. Later he found further work primarily in films. In the late 1960s, Steiner was hired to play a part in the spaghetti western Tepepa. He found himself in demand in Italy and relocated there, specializing in playing villains in a great number of Italian B-movies and exploitation films. John Steiner has appeared in various genres of movies, including horror films and police actioners. He also became a favorite of famed Italian filmmaker Tinto Brass featuring in Salon Kitty alongside Ingrid Thulin and Helmut Berger.
Charlotte Diamond was born in Richmond, British Columbia. She graduated from North Delta Secondary School in 1963. She attended the University of British Columbia to study French and Zoology. Charlotte Diamond taught music, French, and science to junior-high school students for 12 years. She currently lives with her family in Richmond.
Today Creighton University in Omaha is viewed as being named in honor of the entire Creighton family, particularly John and his brother Edward, as well as their wives Sara and Emily. He was named a Knight of St. Gregory on January 15, 1895 by Pope Leo XIII, and in 1898 was titled a Count by the same. In 1900 Creighton received the Laetare Medal from the University of Notre Dame. Omaha's John A. Creighton Boulevard was named after him immediately after his death in 1907, as is the existent ``John A. Creighton University Professorship'' at Creighton University.
Joseph Parecattil was born in Kidangoor, Kerala, and studied at the minor seminary of Ernakulam and the major seminary of Kandy, from where he obtained a doctorate in theology (with a dissertation entitled: ``Augustine vs. Pelagius on Grace''). Servant of God Fr.Varghese Payapilly Palakkappilly was the manager of St. Mary's High School, Alwaye where he had his boarding life. He also attended the University of Madras, where he specialized in economics. Ordained to the priesthood on August 24, 1939, he then did pastoral work in the Archdiocese of Ernakulam, serving as assistant pastor at Narakal and North Paravur and as pastor at Chunangamvely. He was also editor of the weekly Sathyadeepam (``Light of Truth'').
Sherman Day (1806--1884) was born in New Haven, Connecticut and died in Berkeley, California. He attended Phillips Academy, Andover and graduated from Yale College, A.B., 1826, receiving the degree from his father, Jeremiah Day (1773--1867), who was president of Yale from 1817--1846. He was also the grandson of the American founding father Roger Sherman.
He was born on February 19, 1966 in Spokane, Washington. Given up in a private adoption at birth, he continued to live in the Spokane area until his parents relocated the family to Everett, Washington at the age of three. At Everett High School, he was active in football and track, graduating in 1984. During his high school years his political views were heavily shaped by the career of Everett High School alumnus Henry M. Jackson. After high school, Van Patten moved to Tempe, Arizona, living and working as a tile and marble setter until returning to Seattle to attend Seattle Pacific University for two years. After leaving SPU, he gained employment at Allied-Signal Aerospace and transferred to Arizona State University to complete his education.
Thomas Innes (1662--1744) was a Scottish Roman Catholic priest and historian. He studied at the Scots College, (Paris), of which he became vice-principal. He was the author of two learned works,Critical Essay on the Ancient Inhabitants of the Northern Parts of Britain (1729), and Civil and Ecclesiastical History of Scotland, 80 to 818 (published 1853).
Elizabeth Monroe Boggs was born in Cleveland, Ohio. She attended Concord Academy and, in 1935, Elizabeth graduated from Bryn Mawr College summa cum laude, with distinction in Mathematics . Prof. John Lennard-Jones supervised her PhD work in the Theoretical Chemistry Laboratory at the University of Cambridge; and Prof. Maurice Vincent Wilkes assisted her with the university's differential analyser built out of Meccano. After graduating in 1939, Dr. Monroe joined Prof. John Kirkwood's group at Cornell University. She also worked in the Explosives Research Laboratory at Los Alamos National Laboratory during the war years.
Spence was born into a musical family that had once owned Squire Pianos, a piano manufactory in North London. His father was a doctor, and his mother a pianist, who worked as an archivist at the Royal College of Music. As a young mother, she worked as personal assistant to Walter Legge and Yehudi Menuhin. Artists and musicians were regular lunch guests at the family home. He was educated at Uppingham School and gained an honours degree in music at New College, Oxford, where he was a choral scholar and was much influence by his tutor Edward Higginbotham. He continued his vocal studies at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama, where he studied with David Pollard.
Allen was born Chad Allen Lazzari in Cerritos, California and grew up in Artesia. He has a twin sister named Charity. Allen is of predominantly Italian origin, with the ``dose'' of German origin. He was raised within a ``strict'' Roman Catholic household and regards himself as being a ``deeply spiritual person'' because of his upbringing. Allen attended St. John Bosco High School in Bellflower, California.
Gloria Blackwell (March 11, 1927 -- December 7, 2010) was an African-American civil rights activist and educator. She taught at Clark Atlanta University for 20 years and was at the center of the civil rights movement in Orangeburg, South Carolina, attracting national attention and a visit by Martin Luther King.
Glenn Hergenhahn (born 1969 in Saint Paul, Minnesota) is an American playwright. He graduated from The Evergreen State College where he studied Art History and Painting.
Charles Hamilton was born in 1704 in Dublin, the 9th son and 14th child of the 6th Earl of Abercorn. He was educated at Westminster School and Oxford, and went on two Grand Tours, one in 1725 and a further one in 1732.
Ronald Cuthbert Hay was born on 4 October 1916, in Perth, Scotland, one of five children (three girls and two boys) of Captain Cuthbert Joseph Hay and Letitia Griffith Fausset. He was educated at Ampleforth College in Yorkshire.
He changed his name to John McGraw, after the more famous player/manager John McGraw, in order to maintain his amateur status. McGraw was an alumnus of Carnegie Mellon University.
Major The Rt Hon. John Maynard Sinclair (4 August 1896 -- 31 January 1953) was a unionist politician in Northern Ireland. Born in Belfast, in 1896, son of John Sinclair DL and Alice Montgomery, he was educated at the Royal Belfast Academical Institution, and in Switzerland. He served in the British Army during World War I. He was a director of the Eagle Star Insurance Company and Chairman of Vulcanite Ltd.
Nick Ashford and Valerie Simpson have two daughters, Nicole (born in 1975), and Asia (born in 1987). Nicole graduated from Wesleyan University in 1997.
Jazz musician Dave Brubeck was born in Concord and in 2006 a park adjacent to Concord High School on Concord Boulevard was renamed in his honor (see below). Film star Tom Hanks and Broadway actress Meredith Patterson were born in Concord. Actor Mark Hamill, Olympic gold-medalist Natalie Coughlin and mixed martial artist Gil Castillo have also been Concord residents. Actor/Comedian Carlos Alazraqui attended Concord High School. Concord is the original home of the counter-cultural icons Negativland. Concord is also where American rock group The Federalists are based. Comedians Blake Anderson and Kyle Newacheck were also born in Concord.
Steve Charles, MD is one of the world's leading vitreoretinal surgeons and has developed many of the techniques and devices used by vitreoretinal surgeons worldwide. He is on the editorial board of Retina and a reviewer for Ophthalmology, Archives of Ophthalmology, American Journal of Ophthalmology, and British Journal of Ophthalmology. He is a mechanical and electrical engineer and has 106 issued or pending patents. He is a consultant for Alcon Laboratories and the principal architect of the Alcon Accurus and Alcon Constellation Vision System. He is the Founder of MicroDexterity Systems, developing robots for dexterity enhancement for minimally invasive knee and hip replacement, spine surgery, and skull base neurosurgery. He is the President of Infinity Research, Inc; a medical device and avionics consulting company. He has received the Wacker Medal from the Club Jules Gonin, the first Founders Medal from the Vitreous Society, was inducted into the University of Miami School of Medicine Medical Alumni Association Hall of Fame, and was named by Ocular Surgery News as one of the top ten innovators in the past 25 years. He is a Clinical Professor at the University of Tennessee and an Adjunct Professor at Columbia College of Physicians and Surgeons and Chinese University of Hong Kong. After four years in engineering school, he completed medical school at the University of Miami School of Medicine. He did research all four medical school years at the Bascom Palmer Eye Institute. After a medical internship at Jackson Memorial Hospital in Miami he completed a residency at the Bascom Palmer Eye Institute followed by a two year Clinical Associate appointment at the National Eye Institute (NIH); focused on vitreoretinal surgery, angiogenesis research, and medical device engineering.
Matt Centrowitz was born in New York, New York USA. He attended Power Memorial Academy, where he won state championships in the 800 m, one mile and two mile events and became the first New Yorker to break nine minutes in the two mile run (8:56.00). In 1973 (his senior year), he was ranked as the country's number one high school mile runner. He has the fourth best all-time 1500 m time of 3:43.4 and still holds the state record in the 1500 m and mile events.
Michael Hulme was born November 21, 1988 in Bozeman, Montana. His father, John, was an All-American swimmer and captain for Ohio State from 1969-71. He attended the Bolles School in Jacksonville, Florida 2005-07. In his senior year, Hulme claimed runner-up in the 200-yard individual medley at the 2006 Florida High School State Championships.
LaVonda Wagner was born in 1964 in Bristol, Virginia. She attended Mars Hill College in North Carolina, where she earned a bachelor's degree in physical education. She was also a star for the women's basketball and volleyball teams, and earned All-America honors in both sports from the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA). In 1998, she was inducted into the college's sports hall of fame. In 1988, Wagner earned a master's degree in athletic administration from East Tennessee State University (ETSU). From 1988 to 1994 she was the top assistant coach and recruiter for ETSU in women's basketball. From 1994 to 2002 she was an assistant coach for the University of Illinois women's basketball team; in 2000 she helped garner one of the top five recruiting classes in the nation for Illinois. From 2002 to 2005 Wagner was an assistant coach at Duke University, which featured one of the top-rated women's basketball programs in the nation.
Dalva Ray Allen (born January 13, 1935 in Gonzales, Texas) is a former American football defensive end who played professionally in the American Football League (AFL). He played college football at the University of Houston. He played for the Houston Oilers on their AFL championship teams in 1960 and 1961, and for the Oakland Raiders from 1962 through 1964.
Tony Giglio is an American film director (born June 3, 1971) from Medford, Massachusetts. He graduated from Seton Hall University in 1993 with a Bachelor of Arts degree.
Rhodes was born in Council Grove, Kansas. He met Calvin Coolidge when he was eleven years old, and after shaking hands with the President, reportedly refused to wash his hand for a week. He attended public schools, and in 1938 graduated from Kansas State University in Manhattan, Kansas, where he also earned his Army Reserve commission in the Reserve Officers Training Corps (ROTC). In 1941, he graduated from Harvard Law School in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and was called to active duty with the United States Army Air Corps and United States Army Air Forces. He served at Williams Field, Arizona from 1941 -- 1946. After the war, he chose to settle in Arizona with his wife, Elizabeth Harvey, whom he had married in 1942. From 1947 to 1952 he was the staff judge advocate of the Arizona National Guard, and from 1951 to 1952 he served as vice chairman of the Arizona Board of Public Welfare.
Stone received an honorary degree from Rollins College, a small liberal arts college located in Winter Park, Florida, in 1939. At that time a small theatre was named in his honor. The original Fred Stone Theatre--a smaller flexible space sitting adjacent to the College's larger principal venue, the Annie Russell Theatre, named after another great American Actor and benefactor--was a wooden bungalow that was razed in the early 1970s. A nearby wood and brick-faced Greek revival styled hall, converted into a 90-seat black-box performance space, was re-dedicated as The Fred Stone Theatre during this period, and although it has been moved to another location on campus, it still stands and is active as a performance venue for smaller experimental productions as well as student directed and choreographed works. (The Rollins Archives have extensive information on the career of Stone, including numerous photographs, and is chief among private institutions in the U.S. continuing to educate young actors about the history of this great American thespian. Rollins College claims many famous theatrical alumni, including Anthony ``Tony'' Perkins, best known for his role as Norman Bates in Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho, and character actress Dana Ivey.)
Suresh P. Sethi is Charles & Nancy Davidson Distinguished Professor of Operations Management and Director of the Center for Intelligent Supply Networks (C4ISN) at The University of Texas at Dallas. He has also taught at Rice University, University of Toronto, and Carnegie Mellon University. At University of Toronto he was General Motors Research Professor (1988--92) and Connaught Senior Research Fellow (1984--85). He has held a number of distinguished visiting assignments:
From 1998 Irani attended the University of British Columbia. He received his Bachelors degree in Creative Writing in 2002.
Abdul Matin was admitted to Darjeeling School in 1932. After passing the matriculation in 1943 he came back to East Bengal. Later that year he was admitted to Rajshahi College. According to him he had no political consensus before getting into the college. He was graduated in 1947.
Due to the Parliament Square protest being kettled, many other demonstrators could not enter the Square and so disseminated across much of the rest of central London. Some were separately kettled around The Cenotaph, where Charlie Gilmour, the adopted son of Pink Floyd guitarist David Gilmour and a student at Girton College, Cambridge, was pictured swinging from a Union Flag on the memorial; he later apologised, claiming that he ``did not realise'' it was the Cenotaph. Gilmour was also photographed attempting to start a fire at the Supreme Court; and tossing a lump of concrete while wearing latex gloves.
John Pidgeon was brought up in a village in Buckinghamshire, where he attended the Royal Grammar School, High Wycombe, his time there overlapping with Ian Dury and Roger Scruton. He studied French at the University of Kent and postgraduate Film Studies under Thorold Dickinson at the Slade School, where his writing career began with a review of Carry On Henry for the BFI's Monthly Film Bulletin. An uncredited script for a BBC2 Film Night special on pop movies followed, and in July 1972 he began a weekly film guide for New Musical Express. Around the same time he was invited to join the team about to launch Let It Rock magazine by Charlie Gillett, who subsequently recommended him as a scriptwriter for BBC Radio 1's The Story of Pop.
Though it's often assumed that Booker T. Jones played on all the above session work, in the mid-1960s Jones was often studying music full-time at Indiana University. Stax writer/producer Isaac Hayes usually stepped in on the occasions when Jones was unavailable for session work, and on several sessions Jones and Hayes played together with one on organ, the other on piano. However, Hayes was never an official member of the M.G.'s, and Jones played on all the records credited to ``Booker T. & The M.G.'s''--with one exception. That exception was the 1965 hit ``Boot-Leg'', a studio jam recorded with Hayes on keyboards in Jones's place. According to Steve Cropper, the song was recorded with the intention of being released as by The Mar-Keys (another name used to release singles by the Stax house band.) However, as recordings credited to Booker T. & The M.G.'s were meeting with greater commercial success than those credited to The Mar-Keys, the decision was made to credit ``Boot-Leg'' to Booker T. & The M.G.'s, even though Booker T. himself does not appear on the recording.
Martin Balsam was born in Bronx, New York to Jewish parents Lillian (née Weinstein) and Albert Balsam, who was a manufacturer of ladies sportswear. He attended DeWitt Clinton High School, where he participated in the drama club. He studied at the Dramatic Workshop of The New School in New York with the influential German director Erwin Piscator and then served in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II.
Brenda Howard was born in the Bronx and grew up in Syosset, Nassau County, New York. She graduated from Syosset High School and from Borough of Manhattan Community College with an AAS degree in Nursing.
Her mother, Wendy Barlow, was an All-American tennis player at Brigham Young University. In addition, she played six years of professional tennis and was inducted into the Greater Victoria Sports Hall of Fame. Her uncle Hugh Barlow was a Memorial Cup champion with St. Catherines of the OHL. Her grandfather Bob Barlow was the captain of the Vancouver Canucks of the Western Hockey League during the 1968-69 season. He also played 77 games with the Minnesota North Stars and accumulated 33 points.
Boykan was born in New York City. He studied composition first with Walter Piston at Harvard, where he received a BA in 1951. He then went to Zürich to study with Paul Hindemith, with whom he continued his studies at Yale University, where he earned an MM in 1953, after which he went to Vienna on a Fulbright scholarship. He also studied composition with Aaron Copland at Tanglewood (1949, 1950), and piano with Eduard Steuermann. Upon his return to the United States in 1955 he founded the Brandeis Chamber Ensemble, whose other members included Robert Koff (Juilliard String Quartet), Nancy Cirillo (Wellesley), Eugene Lehner (Kolisch Quartet), and Madeline Foley (Marlboro Festival). This ensemble performed widely with a repertory divided equally between contemporary music and the tradition. At the same time Boykan appeared regularly as a pianist with soloists such as Joseph Silverstein and Jan DeGaetani. In 1964-65, he was the pianist with the Boston Symphony Orchestra under Erich Leinsdorf.
James Valerio (1938 -) is a U.S. artist specializing in photorealist paintings. Valerio was educated at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago, receiving a BfA in 1966 and an MfA in 1968. His work is included in the collection of the Butler Institute of American Art and other museums.
Alex Gene Morrison is a contemporary artist born in Birmingham in 1975. He studied painting at the Royal College of Art between 2000-2002. After leaving the RCA he was one of the founders of the Rockwell Gallery and Studios in Dalston, London 2002-2007, an influential London artist run space. He is a lecturer in Fine Art Painting at City and Guilds of London Art School
Donald J. (Don) Ford (born December 31, 1952 in Santa Barbara, California) is a retired American professional basketball player in the NBA. He was a 6'8½`` (2.05 m), 215 lb (97.5 kg) forward. In high school, he played at Santa Barbara High School and the other forward on his teams was future UCLA and NBA star Keith Wilkes (later Jamaal Wilkes). He played collegiately at the University of New Mexico before transferring to the University of California, Santa Barbara.
Paul Tansey (1949 - 21 September 2008) was an Irish journalist and economics editor for The Irish Times. Tansey was a former deputy editor of the Sunday Tribune and assistant editor of The Irish Times before becoming the paper's economics editor. He was educated at Blackrock College, Trinity College, Dublin and the London School of Economics.
Jagadish Gupta was born at Kushtia, Nadia district (now in Kushtia district, Bangladesh) to Kailash Chandra Sengupta and Saudamini Devi. His birth name was Jagadish Chandra Sengupta which he never used in his literary career. He was born on July, 1886; but the exact date of his birth is unknown. As a child Gupta went to the village pathshala (primary school) run by Ramlal Saha. Later he came away to Calcutta and was admitted into City Collegiate School from where he passed Matriculation Examination in 1905 and admitted to the Ripon College (now Surendranath College). He started writing poems in this time. After passing First Arts Examination, he started learning stenography and typing. He got married to Charubala Sengupta of Osmanpur, Nadia in 1906. He gave up his studies at Ripon College in 1907 and he took up a job as a ''job-typist`` at Seuri District Judge's Court in 1908. That was not a regular salaries job but he would be paid remuneration against the work he did. In 1912, he was appointed as a regular salaried typist in the office of the Executive Engineer in Sambalpur, Orissa. In 1918, he took up the job of a salaried typist at Patna High Court but resigned from the job in 1924 and vowed never to took up a job again though his financial condition compelled him to take up a typist's job in Bolpur Chowki Adalat in 1927. In 1944, he retired form his job and left Bolpur to settle in Calcutta where he stayed at the house of Kshitish Gupta at the Lake Market area. In 1950, he shifted to his own house at Jadavpur and started bringing up a girl named Sukumari. In 1954, the Government of India granted him a ''Distinguished Man of Letters Allowance`` of Rupees 150 which was later reduced to Rupees 75. He died of a head injury in his Calcutta residency on 15 April, 1957.
Carlos Soria enrolled at the University of Buenos Aires, earning a Law degree in 1973. Elections that March returned Peronists to power, and Soria was elected to the local Justicialist Party (JP) chapter. He was later elected to the Provincial Council of the JP, and upon the return of democracy in 1983, won a seat in the Argentine Chamber of Deputies.
Giovanni Bellati (1750-early 1800s) was an Italian painter active in the Neoclassic period. He was born in Valsassina. He studied in Milan at the Brera Academy, but then traveled to Rome.
Cindy Williams is an award winning news anchor with WCSH6 in Portland, Maine. Williams has won several awards from the Associated Press and the Maine Association of Broadcasters for her anchoring and reporting. She has been with WCSH since 1989. She graduated from the University of Southern Mississippi in 1985 with a degree in Radio, Television and Film.
Jemiah Jefferson lives in Portland, Oregon. She graduated from Reed College in 1994.
Mayne was born in Dublin, the son of Judge Edward Mayne. He gained his BA from Trinity College, Dublin in 1818 and his MA from Trinity College, Cambridge, in 1821. He was called to the Bar at Lincoln's Inn on 9 February 1822 and commenced practice on the Northern Circuit. In 1814 in the company of his eldest brother Charles Mayne, he made a tour of the continent.
Botschinsky's father played bassoon professionally. He began on trumpet at age 11 and at 14 began studying at the Royal Danish Conservatorium. In 1956 he joined Ib Glindemann's big band, where he remained through 1959; he also played with visiting American musicians around this time, such as Oscar Pettiford, Stan Getz, Dexter Gordon, Lee Konitz, Ben Webster, and Kenny Dorham. In 1963-64 he studied at the Manhattan School of Music. From 1964 he played with the Danish Radio Jazz Group and also played with the Danish Radio Big Band from the late 1960s.
Robert Harris ( -- ) was an American basketball player and coach. He played basketball at the University of Chicago where he was a member of Chicago teams that won consecutive Big Ten Conference championships in 1907 and 1908. He was the head coach for the Indiana Hoosiers men's basketball team in the 1908-1909 season, compiling a record of 5--9.
Segel grow up in Davis, California and Tucson, Arizona. Jonathan went to college at the University of California, Santa Cruz where he studied under Peter Elsea and experimental music pioneer Gordon Mumma. In Santa Cruz he hooked up with Camper Van Beethoven, apparently for life. He moved to San Francisco in 1989, where he worked with many bands including his own Hieronymus Firebrain and Jack & Jill, moved to Los Angeles in 1997 to work for Dane Davis at Danetracks, a film sound post production facility, then back to Oakland, California in 2001, where received a master's degree in music composition at Mills College, studying with Fred Frith, Pauline Oliveros, Alvin Curran and Joelle Leandre. He is the son of Irwin H. Segel, a Professor of Biochemistry at University of California, Davis and author of Biochemical Calculations. Jonathan Segel has taught music theory and electronic music at the College of Marin and Ohlone College in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Armstrong was born in Hope, Arkansas. Prior to becoming mayor, he had served as Jefferson County Judge/Executive since 1989. He was raised in Madison, Indiana. He attended Hanover College, where he became a member of the Sigma Chi Fraternity, before graduating from Murray State University in 1966. He earned a J.D. from the University of Louisville school of law in 1969. Armstrong then worked in the public and private sector, including a term as a family court judge and election as Jefferson County's Commonwealth's Attorney, the local felony prosecutor. In 1983 Armstrong was elected Attorney General of Kentucky. He ran unsuccessfully for Lieutenant Governor in 1987, losing in the Democratic primary to Brereton C. Jones.
Tom Wheare was educated at the Dragon School and Magdalen College School in Oxford. He then went on to King's College Cambridge (gaining an exhibition, studying History, and singing in the College Choir) and Christ Church, Oxford (studying Education for a Dip.Ed. and acting as a lay clerk in the Christ Church Cathedral Choir).
Born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, he studied the piano with at the Philadelphia Conservatory, receiving a B.M. degree in 1927 and an M.M. degree in 1932. He later studied with Rubin Goldmark at the Juilliard School and in 1960 he received a Bachelor of Music Therapy from the Combs College of Music in Philadelphia. He served as head of composition at the Philadelphia Conservatory (1938--1943), a teacher at Michigan State College (1945--1949), and professor of music at Bard College (1948--1959).
He received his dance training from the age of twelve at The Kirov Academy of Ballet, in Washington, D.C., and also studied at Washington School of Ballet. Thomas' father would take his son to see all the great ballet companies that would perform at the Kennedy Center for the Arts. His father would then ask dancers if they would grant his son classes, and they often obliged. At age 13, Thomas trained under Dawei Zhange at the Maryland Youth Ballet; of Zhang, Thomas said ``The technique I learned from him is the blueprint that's allowed me to have a career.'' At the age of 13 he become the youngest person ever to receive the Jury Prize at the 1994 Paris International Dance Competition. Although he was enrolled at Kirov in time for the 1996 Varna International Ballet Competition, the school had a policy of only sending dancers sure to win the gold. So Thomas represented the Seiskaya School of Ballet of New York instead (with whom he was doing guest performances at the time) and Gerald Arpino, Arthur Mitchell and Debbie Allen sponsored him at a cost of $30,000. At 15 he was awarded the Junior Gold Medal at the event, becoming the youngest ever to win and while on a foot he injured in karate class. After his win, The New York Times announced, ``Look out, world. Rasta Thomas has arrived.'' In 1995, Thomas became a member of Le Jeune Ballet de France, and in 1997 was invited by the Hartford Ballet to be a principal artist. At the 1998 USA International Ballet Competition, Thomas won the gold medal, a scholarship, and a cash prize in the senior men's division.
Katrina Warren was born and raised in Sydney, Australia, where she attended James Ruse Agricultural High School. She graduated from the University of Sydney with a Bachelor degree in Veterinary Science.
Warren Thomson was educated at Wesley College, Melbourne and the University of Melbourne, where he studied under Roy Shepherd, a pupil of Alfred Cortot. In 1958 and 1959 he was Junior School Music Master, Geelong Grammar School. From 1960 to 1972 he was Foundation Director of Music, Trinity Grammar School, Melbourne, where his secondary role as boarding-house master earned him a reputation as a fine cook and a great organiser of dinner dances. In 1970 he was the founder of the Federation of Australian Music Teachers' Association, and was its President until 1982. From 1972 to 1974 he was Director of Studies for the Australian Music Examinations Board. He was the foundation Head of the School of Extension Studies at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music, a position he held from 1974 to 1995. From 1981 to 1987 he was a member of the Conservatorium's Board of Governors. He is currently Artistic Director of Professional Development at the Australian Institute of Music.
Physick graduated from the University of Pennsylvania in 1785, then began the study of medicine under Dr. Adam Kuhn, and continued it in London under Dr. John Hunter, becoming, on January 1, 1790, house surgeon of St. George's hospital. In 1791 he received his license from the Royal College of Surgeons in London, and was invited by Dr. Hunter to assist him in his professional practice, but after a few months went to the University of Edinburgh, where he received his degree in medicine in 1792.
Nagam Janardhan Reddy was born in Nagar Kurnool town of Mahabubnagar to Nagam Venkata Reddy and Narayanamma. He completed his medical education, M.B.B.S. at Osmania Medical College. He held various positions of office in his college and organised a number of social activities.
All the movies which play at the Spotlite Theater Multiplex in this film, were short films made by Rick Sloane while he attended Los Angeles City College. They include Clown Whores of Hollywood, Chainsaw Chicks, Amputee Hookers and Nightmare Of The Lost Whores.
Katie Trumpener is the Emily Sanford Professor of Comparative Literature and English at Yale University. She received a B.A. in English from the University of Alberta in 1982, an A.M. in English and American Literature from Harvard University in 1983, and a Ph.D. in Comparative Literature from Stanford University in 1990. Prior to joining the faculty at Yale in 2002, Trumpener taught at the University of Chicago from 1990. At Yale, Trumpener has served as Acting Director of the Whitney Humanities Center and the Director of Graduate Studies in Comparative Literature. She also serves on the Editorial Committee of Public Culture and the Editorial Boards of New German Critique and Arcade.
The company was founded by Dr. Janet Wolfe in 1999. Prior to starting WLI, Dr. Wolfe was on the faculty of the University of Tennessee in Memphis, where she was a professor in the Pharmaceutical Chemistry department. Dr. Wolfe perceived an unmet need in the growing pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries for analytical method development and formulation services. She founded the company in the Boston area, known for its biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries.
Born at the family home of ``Collicella,'' in Harrisonburg, Algernon Sidney Gray was the eldest son of Robert Gray and Isabella L. Waterman. Gray attended Washington College (now Washington and Lee University), Lexington, Virginia and opened his practice as an attorney in his hometown.
Tamara Keith (born ca 1980) is a radio reporter, host and producer. She is frequently heard on NPR radio. She joined NPR as a business reporter in 2009. In her words, she ``aspires to make business stories relatable to all of our listeners, not just those that read the Wall Street Journal''. In addition to business and economics, she has covered a range of other major news events, including the earthquake in Haiti. She started in news reporting by writing and voicing essays for NPR's Weekend Edition Sunday as a teenager. Keith has a graduate degree in journalism from the University of California at Berkeley. She has also worked at KQED in San Francisco and KPCC Southern California Public Radio. In addition, she also hosts ``B-side Radio``, a public radio podcast.
Christina Koning is a novelist and short story writer who has reviewed extensively for the UK national press. Koning was born in Kuala Belait, Borneo, in 1954, and spent her early childhood in Venezuela and Jamaica. She was educated at Girton College, Cambridge, and the University of Edinburgh -- the setting for her first novel. Since the early 1990s, she has worked as a travel writer and journalist -- most recently for The Times. She has also taught Creative Writing at the University of Oxford and Birkbeck, University of London. Koning has appeared as a critic on BBC Radio 4'ss Woman's Hour and has also had stories broadcast on Radio 4; her stories have also appeared in New Writing.
Kaja Silverman (born September 16, 1947) is an American film theorist and art historian. She received her Ph.D. in English from Brown University. She taught at Yale University, Trinity College, Simon Fraser University, Brown University, the University of Rochester and the University of California, Berkeley, before joining the University of Pennsylvania Art History Department in 2010. She was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship in 2008.
Christofferson was born in American Fork, Utah and raised in Pleasant Grove and Lindon, Utah. As a young man, he served as a LDS Church missionary in Argentina. His mission president during his period of service was Richard G. Scott, who would already be a member of the Quorum of the Twelve when Christofferson was called to the same quorum. After his mission, he earned a bachelor's degree from Brigham Young University and a J.D. from Duke University School of Law.
Bernadette Baraquio Hamada is an American journalist and entertainer from the state of Hawaii. During the late 1990s and early 2000s, she was one of the few Filipino Americans from Pangasinan on television featured on a regular basis in the state. Born and raised in Honolulu on the island of Oahu, Hamada graduated from Moanalua High School in 1991. After a year at Seattle University, she returned to the Hawaiian Islands to study at the University of Hawaii at Manoa where she obtained a degree in broadcast journalism in 1996. After a short stint at a local news radio program Hamada was hired by KHON-TV, the leading news station in the Honolulu market at the time. First a news assistant and later a producer, Hamada became the news anchor for the top rated morning news program in 1999. Hamada left KHON and married conservative radio talk show host Rick Hamada. She was later hired by the leading locally produced cable network in Hawaii, Oceanic 16, to host her own series of variety programs.
The Opinion section includes AsianWeek's Letters to the Editor, Emil Guillermo's column ``Amok'', and a community contributed article, ``Voices''. Emil Guillermo has been a journalist for more than 30 years. After ten years in television news, Guillermo became host of NPR's All Things Considered, in 1989. After leaving NPR, Guillermo worked as press secretary and speechwriter for then congressman Norman Mineta. He returned to media as a local television and radio talk show host in Washington, D.C., Sacramento, and San Francisco. As a writer, Guillermo has contributed jokes for Jay Leno's monologues. His written often satirical commentaries have appeared in newspapers throughout the country. His book Amok, a compilation of his AsianWeek columns won the American Book Award in 2000. Guillermo is also the winner of both a California Newspaper Publishers Association Award and a National Inland Press Association Award for his mainstream newspaper work. He has won awards from the Radio-TV News Directors Association, Society of Professional Journalists, the Asian American Journalists Association, and has been nominated for local TV Emmy Awards. A native San Franciscan, Guillermo graduated from Lowell High School and Harvard College.
Lewis P. Dayton (1821--1900) was Mayor of the City of Buffalo, New York, serving 1874--1875. He was born at Eden, New York on the family farm in 1821. He studied medicine in the office of Dr. Timothy T. Lockwood and moved to Buffalo. He graduated in 1846 from the Geneva Medical College, in Geneva, New York. He returned to Buffalo as a physician in the Black Rock section. Around 1846 he married Grace Webster Holley, who died at a young age. Dayton first remarried Mrs. Alice Maud Hayes, who died about a year after their marriage, then in 1892, he married Margaret Vogt.
Laurie Bristow attended Trinity College, Cambridge where he obtained a BA in 1986. He achieved a PhD, awarded by University of Cambridge in 1990, with his thesis called ``Ezra Pound: Poetry and Public Speaking. Bristow joined the Foreign and Commonwealth Office in 1990. In 1992, after attending a year of Romanian language training, he was posted to Bucharest, Romania where he worked for three years as Second Secretary. He then returned to the Foreign and Commonwealth Office, London where he worked in the European Union Department of the FCO. From 1996-1998, he served as Private Secretary to the Minister of State for Europe. After a year of Turkish language training, he worked in Ankara, Turkey as Head of the Political Section from 1999-2002. From 2002-2003 he worked in Rome at the NATO Defence College. In 2003 Bristow worked on the Iraq Policy Unit, FCO, before becoming the British Ambassador to Azerbaijan from February 2004 until 2007.
Hans Petter Moland (born 1955, Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian film director. Hans Petter was the first born son of Odd Moland and Sigrid Eid Moland, and has a younger brother named Morten Moland. He is a film graduate from Emerson College in the United States. When living in Boston Hans Petter met a college student Elizabeth (Lisa) Pacini whom he married, and later moved back to Norway with. When living in Norway he had three children; Nicolai (1985), Anna Marina (1987) and Max Emil (1989). In 1992 Hans Petter and Elizabeth got divorced. He later married Norwegian film artist Maria Sødahl and had three more children; Sara (1995), Lukas (1998) and Jack (2001). Hans Petter has been awarded prizes for his commercials at all major festivals, including Cannes, before he made his feature debut in 1993 with The Last Lieutenant. He followed up with Zero Kelvin (1995), Aberdeen (2000) and The Beautiful Country (2004), which was selected for Competition in Berlin. He also directed the short film United We Stand, which has been awarded prizes at several major film festivals. He is also well known for his collaboration and deep friendship with Swedish actor Stellan Skarsgård, having directed him in three movies; Zero Kelvin, Aberdeen and En ganske snill mann (2010). Regnskap was nominated for the Golden Bear at the 60th Berlin International Film Festival.
James Fullarton Arnott was born in Glasgow, Scotland on April 19, 1914. His parents were Hezekiah Merricks Arnott and Susie Willock Fullarton. He attended the Ardrossan Academy. Arnott graduated from the University of Glasgow with a Master of Arts in 1936. He went on to attend Merton College, Oxford, where he received his Master of Letters, and Peterhouse, Cambridge. He also studied at the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama. James Fullarton Arnott died in 1982.
Walker attended Miss Porter's School and married Prescott Sheldon Bush on August 6, 1921, in Kennebunkport, Maine. They had five children: Prescott ``Pressy'' Bush, Jr. (1922--2010), George H. W. Bush (1924; (named after Dorothy's father, George Herbert Walker), Nancy Bush (1926), Jonathan Bush (1931), and William ``Bucky'' Bush (1938).
Shirley Ximena Hopper Russell (1886--1985), also known as Shirley Marie Russell, was an American artist best known for her paintings of Hawaii and her still lifes of Hawaiian flowers. She was born Shirley Ximena Hopper in Del Rey, California, in 1886. She graduated in 1907 from Stanford University, where she discovered art. Shirley married Lawrence Russell, an engineer, in 1909. When he died in 1912, she began teaching in Palo Alto, and dabbling in painting. In 1921, she and her son came to Hawaii for a visit and decided to stay. She studied under Hawaiian artist Lionel Walden during the 1920s and traveling to Europe several times to further her art education. She studied in Paris during the 1930s and the cubist influence can be seen in a number of her works. She taught art at President William McKinley High School in Honolulu for more than 20 years. Around 1935-1936, the Japanese publisher Watanabe Shozaburo (1885--1962) published several woodblock prints she designed. The majority of these prints depict colorful and detailed tropical flowers, while at least one print, Carmel Mission, is a California landscape. In the course of her art career, Russell had three one-woman exhibitions at the Honolulu Academy of Arts, and taught art at the University of Hawaii and the Honolulu Academy of Arts. She launched many young artists on their careers when they were her students at McKinley High School, including Satoru Abe (1926-) and John Chin Young (1909--1997). Although she painted in representational style herself, she was a staunch supporter of abstract art. She continued to paint almost daily until her death in Honolulu in 1985, at the age of 98. The Contemporary Museum, Honolulu, the Hawaii State Art Museum and the Honolulu Academy of Arts are among the public collections holding works by Shirley Ximena Hopper Russell.
Jack Irons was born and raised in Los Angeles, California. He is from a Jewish background. Irons grew up using his family's cutlery as drumsticks, playing along to whatever was on the radio. He talked his parents into buying him a drum set, and took a drum class. Irons attended Bancroft Jr. High School in Hollywood, where he met future bandmates Michael ``Flea'' Balzary and Hillel Slovak. He then went on to attend Fairfax High School in Los Angeles alongside Balzary and Slovak, as well as future bandmates Anthony Kiedis and Alain Johannes. Irons played drums in the school band and orchestra. He and Slovak were both fans of Kiss, and they formed a tribute act. Irons was influenced by Jack DeJohnette, Stewart Copeland, and Keith Moon.
David S. Potter was educated at Yale University, receiving a B.S. in Physics in 1945, and at the University of Washington, from which he received a Ph.D. in Physics in 1951. Potter spent the next two decades as an engineer at General Motors. This academic phase of his career climaxed in his election to the National Academy of Engineering in 1973 in recognition of his work in underwater acoustic instrumentation, ocean engineering and manned exploration of the moon. President of the United States Richard Nixon nominated Potter as Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Research and Development) in 1973, and Potter held this office from September 14, 1973 to August 16, 1974. President Gerald Ford subsequently nominated Potter as Under Secretary of the Navy and Potter held that office from August 28, 1974 to April 1, 1976.
Montgomery was the fifth son of the politician Hugh Montgomery and was born at Blessingbourne, near Fivemiletown, County Tyrone, Ireland. He was educated at Charterhouse School and in 1900 joined the Foreign Office as a clerk. From 1904 to 1907 he served as Private Secretary to the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, and from 1907 to 1910 he was précis writer to the Foreign Secretary, with a brief interlude in 1908 when he served as Assistant Private Secretary to Prime Minister Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman.
Fred Rogers Fairchild (1877 -- 1966) was an American economist and educator. Fairchild was born in Crete, Nebraska. His father was Arthur Babbitt Fairchild, a descendant of Thomas Fairchild who settled in New England in 1639. He was a brother of Henry Pratt Fairchild, a sociologist and educator. Fairchild attended Doane College (AB, 1898) in Crete and Yale University (PhD, 1904). He also received an honorary LL.D. from Doane in 1929. Fairchild taught economics at Yale for many years. He was a holder of the Knox Chair of Economics. He was published widely, and his work included well received text books.
Michael Andrew Kukral is the author of one of the few published books detailing the experience of an American student during the 1989 Velvet Revolution in what was then communist Czechoslovakia. From 1988 to 1991, Kukral was a doctoral student in geography at the University of Kentucky and among the first small group of Fulbright Scholars in Prague.
Molesworth was born in Dublin, the son of Hickman Blayney Molesworth, a solicitor; he was descended from Robert Molesworth, 1st Viscount Molesworth. Robert attended Trinity College, Dublin where he graduated B.A. in 1826 and M.A. in 1833. After he was called to the bar in 1828, he practised law until he emigrated to Australia in 1852. He married in 1840.
Noah Baerman (born 1974 in New Haven, Connecticut) is jazz pianist who began studying piano at age eight. He studied at the ACES Educational Center for the Arts in New Haven and Jackie McLean's Artists Collective, Inc. in Hartford. He earned his bachelor's and Master's degrees in jazz studies from the Mason Gross School of the Arts of Rutgers University. He has Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, a genetic disorder that affects the joints, and the disease has restricted his ability to perform since 2001; in that year he shifted his focus to his trio. He recorded Patch Kit with Ron Carter and Ben Riley to raise money for research on the rare condition. He is also active in education and works on jazz instruction for beginners.
Born in Boston, Massachusetts to politician Royall Tyler and Mary (Steele) Tyler and christened William, Tyler attended the Boston Latin School and Harvard, where he earned a reputation as a quick-witted joker. He was also considered rather profligate, spending half his inheritance while in college. In addition to his late father's money, he also legally took his father's first name.
Robin Rowland, a Canadian author, journalist and photographer, grew up in Kitimat, British Columbia. His family then moved to Toronto, where he attended York University and later Carleton University. He began as a reporter for the Sudbury Star and later worked for CBC News. While living in London he worked for as a Videotex producer before returning to Canada and rejoining CBC New's teletext experiment Project Iris. He also wrote a number of radio plays for CBC Radio Drama as well as short stories and science fiction. In the mid-1980s he began collaborating with James Dubro writing about organized crime in Canada. After six years with CTV News, in 1994, as he returned to CBC News. Rowland also co-wrote the pioneering manual Researching on the Internet with Dave Kinnaman. In 1998, he became the producer of online content for . In 2003, Rowland was named the first photo editor in the history of CBC News. At the same time he earned a multidisciplinary masters degree from York University and Osgoode Hall Law School specializing in the history of war crimes. As a result of his research, Rowland wrote A River Kwai Story, The Sonkrai Tribunal, the story of a war crimes trial for guards in one of the most infamous camps on the during the building of the Burma Railway along the on Khwae Noi River
Harold Saxton Burr (April 18, 1889 in Lowell, Massachusetts--February 17, 1973) was E. K. Hunt Professor of Anatomy at Yale University School of Medicine. His early years were spent in Springfield, Massachusetts, while most of his later life was spent in New Haven. In 1908 he was admitted to the Sheffield Scientific School at Yale and received his Ph.B. in 1911. On December 27 of that year, in Chicago, he married Jean Chandler, with whom he had a son, Peter. In 1914 he was appointed Instructor in Anatomy at Yale. He received his Ph.D. in 1915 and was a teacher at Yale until 1958, becoming an Assistant Professor in 1919, an Associate Professor in 1926, and Professor in 1929. Over forty years, from 1916 to 1956, Burr published, either alone or with others, ninety-three scientific papers. Early studies mostly focused upon the development of the meninges and other neural bodies, often studying the amblystoma or larval salamander.
Jackson's father, Edwin Jackson, Sr., a military cook, was stationed in Germany at the time of his birth. Jackson is one of 27 major league players who were born in Germany. He spent the first eight years of his life in Germany until spending the rest of his youth in Columbus, Georgia. Jackson attended Shaw High School in Columbus, Georgia from 1997--2001. While attending Shaw High School, Jackson played outfield for the Raider baseball team. His Senior year, Jackson helped lead the Raiders baseball team to the 2001 GHSA AAAA State Championship title over Columbus High School in Columbus, Georgia.
He graduated from the University of Michigan and later worked at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey, the University of Chicago, the University of Michigan, Yale University, and the Statistical Research Group at Columbia University. Though his thesis advisor was Sumner Myers, he also credited Milton Friedman and W. Allen Wallis as statistical mentors.
A native Texan, Dr. Lawrence B. Harkless did his undergraduate work at The University of North Texas and is a graduate of the California School of Podiatric Medicine in San Francisco where he was a member of the honor society. He completed his internship at UTHSCSA and his residency in Podiatric Surgery at Atlanta Hospital and Medical Center in Atlanta, GA.
Violin/lap steel player Erik Kang met the band while performing in St. Louis, with his previous band, Tiara (named after Wes Anderson's niece). He graduated from The Ohio State University, a school to which he later returned to participate in an English class' analysis/video conference with lead singer, Richard Edwards.
Mamo Clark was educated at the University of Southern California. When Mamo Clark and her parents Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Clark sailed on the voyage to the mainland United States i 1933, they brought with them a handmade Fong Inn Canopy bed and a historical 14 foot long spear that was known by her ancestors to have been used in may famous Hawaiian battles.
Cliff Meely is an American basketball player who played one year at Northeastern Junior College in Sterling, Colorado, then at the University of Colorado for three years, from 1968 to 1971. He remains Colorado's career leader in points per game and rebounds per game. Meely was a Big Eight all-conference performer all three years at Colorado, and was a first-team All American as a senior. He is the only Colorado basketball player to have his number retired.
Brooke Smith was born in New York, the daughter of publisher Gene Smith and publicist Lois Smith, who has worked with Robert Redford and other actors and directors. Her high schooling was done at Tappan Zee High School in Orangetown/ Blauvelt, NY. She attended the American Academy of Dramatic Arts, but by her own admission, was not asked back for the second year of study. She shared an apartment with Jeff Buckley before he recorded Grace.
Film critic and Urbana native Roger Ebert is a graduate of Urbana High School. During his senior year he was co-editor of the school newspaper, the Echo.
David Boorboor is an American Film Director born in 1973. He has made many commercials and documentaries helping the afflicted and poor. He graduated Summa Cum Laude from Rowan University in Radio,TV, and Film Program. After winning the Atlantic City Film festival in 2002 where he met Suzannne DeLaurentiis who encouraged and hired him to direct a movie about a remarkable woman who feeds the homeless of Atlantic City. Since then, David has been working in the industry doing various commercials and Industrials. In 2012 David will direct his first feature film, ``The Underground'', a supernatural thriller.
Assaad Bouab (born 1980, Rabat, Morocco) is a Moroccan actor whose first co-starring role is Whatever Lola Wants, directed by Nabil Ayouch and co-starring Laura Ramsey as Lola. The film premiered 11 December 2007 at the Dubai International Film Festival. Bouab attended Cours Florent from 1999 to 2002, and graduated from CNSAD in Paris in 2006.
Elspeth Probyn (born 1958) is the Professor of Gender and Cultural Studies at the University of Sydney. She received her Doctorate in Communications from Concordia University, 1989. She lectures and publishes in fields including cultural studies, media studies and sociology, with a particular focus on food, sexuality and the body. She has previously taught in Canada and the USA, and is of Welsh and Canadian background.
Robert Weir (born 4 February 1961 in Birmingham) is a retired English discus thrower, who is a twelve-time national champion. Weir attended Handsworth Grammar School in Birmingham.
Fell was born at Nelson on 17 January 1878, the son of Nelson, New Zealand Mayor and painter, Charles Fell. He was educated at Nelson College (1887--1896), a school his grandfather, Alfred Fell, helped found in 1858. British politician, Sir Arthur Fell was his uncle.
Son Chhay is a Cambodian politician. Born on 1 January 1956, Son Chhay graduated in 1984 from Flinders University in Australia with a Bachelor Degree in Mathematical Science. This was followed by a Diploma in Education from Adelaide University in 1985. He currently belongs to the opposition Sam Rainsy Party. Son Chhay was first elected to parliament in 1993 representing his birth province of Siem Reap and reelected in 1998 in the same province. From 2003 to the present he is a member of parliament representing Phnom Penh in the National Assembly of Cambodia. Son Chhay is well respected for his tireless effort to fight against corruption, promoting liberal democracy and human rights On 14 June 2010, Son Chhay was awarded the Order of Australia award for his services to Cambodia and the Cambodian Australian community in AUSTRALIA. He is currently married to Christina Son and has 3 children
Before the Second World War, Russell taught at the University of Chicago, later moving on to Los Angeles to lecture at the University of California, Los Angeles. He was appointed professor at the City College of New York in 1940, but after a public outcry, the appointment was annulled by a court judgement: his opinions (especially those relating to sexual morality, detailed in Marriage and Morals ten years earlier) made him ``morally unfit'' to teach at the college. The protest was started by the mother of a student who would not have been eligible for his graduate-level course in mathematical logic. Many intellectuals, led by John Dewey, protested against his treatment. Albert Einstein's often-quoted aphorism that ``Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds...'' originated in his open letter in support of Russell, during this time. Dewey and Horace M. Kallen edited a collection of articles on the CCNY affair in The Bertrand Russell Case. He soon joined the Barnes Foundation, lecturing to a varied audience on the history of philosophy; these lectures formed the basis of A History of Western Philosophy. His relationship with the eccentric Albert C. Barnes soon soured, and he returned to Britain in 1944 to rejoin the faculty of Trinity College.
Cyril Y. Bowers, M.D., Emeritus Professor of Medicine at Tulane University School of Medicine, attended medical school at the University of Oregon and did an internship at the University of Washington. He then studied biochemistry at Cornell University and attended the Postgraduate School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania. From 1961-2004 he was the director of the Section of Endocrinology & Metabolism in the Department of Medicine at Tulane University School of Medicine. Dr. Bowers has served on the editorial board of several endocrine journals, was a member of the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases Study Section for eight years and has written over 400 articles in peer reviewed journals including chapters in books and over 200 abstracts.
Bakthan Singaram is a Professor of Organic Chemistry at the University of California, Santa Cruz - where he has taught since 1989. Professor Singaram is an expert in the area of boron-based organic chemistry. Professor Singaram gained his Ph.D. from the University of Madras, Tamil Nadu, India. Professor Singaram has also worked in and directed the laboratory of Nobel Prize winning chemist Herbert Brown. Herbert Brown shared the The Nobel Prize in Chemistry 1979 with Georg Wittig ``for their development of the use of boron- and phosphorus-containing compounds, respectively, into important reagents in organic synthesis''.
Robert Porch was educated at Malvern College where he was a member of the first eleven at cricket and second eleven at football, and a school prefect. He then studied at Trinity College, Oxford, graduating in 1898.
Demetrius Jones (born January 3, 1988 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American college football player at Central State University. He was previously named the starting quarterback at the University of Notre Dame at the beginning of the 2007 season, and played middle linebacker at Cincinnati from 2008-09.
Leander Babcock (March 1, 1811 -- August 18, 1864) was a Democratic United States Representative for the 23rd district of New York. He was born in Paris, New York in 1811. Babcock first attended Hamilton College and then transferred to Union College where he was a member of The Kappa Alpha Society and was elected to Phi Beta Kappa, graduating in 1830. Babcock had studied law at Union College and was admitted to the New York bar in 1834. He then moved to Oswego, New York where he practiced law.
Jay Kesler is the former president, Chancellor and current President Emeritus of Taylor University in Upland, Indiana. Kesler graduated in 1958 from Taylor University and is notable for his writings and radio work. Most recently, he served as the Preaching Pastor of Upland Community Church, in Upland, Indiana. Dr. Kesler was President of Youth for Christ from 1973--1985 and President of Taylor University from 1985-2000. Dr. Kesler is also the author of nearly 30 books.
In an article for Newsmax, on March 16, 2008, Kessler incorrectly reported, based on a previous Newsmax story by a freelance writer, that Senator Barack Obama attended a service at Chicago's Trinity United Church of Christ on July 22, 2007, during which Rev. Jeremiah Wright gave a sermon that blamed world suffering on ``white arrogance''. The Obama campaign denied that Obama had attended the church on the day that sermon was delivered and other reporters discovered that Obama was in fact in transit to Miami, Florida on that day. Newsmax posted a clarification while standing by the story, suggesting that perhaps the sermon occurred on a different day in July. Shortly after the controversy broke, Kessler confirmed to TPM that he attempted to remove information documenting it from his Wikipedia biography.
Carroll D. Kearns was born in Youngstown, PA, and moved with his parents to New Castle, PA, in 1901. He was a student in the Army Training Corps at the University of Pittsburgh in 1918, at the Chicago Musical College in Chicago, receiving a B.M. in 1921 and D.M. in 1948. He also received a B.S. from Westminster College in New Wilmington, PA, in 1933, and an M.E. from the University of Pittsburgh, in 1938. He took special studies at Penn State College at State College, PA in 1932 and 1933. He was engaged in the construction business in Chicago from 1925 through 1929. He taught school and engaged in educational work in supervisory and administrative positions in Illinois and Pennsylvania from 1924 through 1947, and also pursued a musical career as a concert artist and conductor.
Gian Andrea Pagnoni was born in Ferrara, Italy on July 15, 1966. He graduated with a degree in Biological Sciences from the University of Ferrara (M.A. equivalent, summa cum laude) in 1992. From 1990 to 1991 he attended the National University of Ireland, Galway, where he conducted research for an applied thesis in Ecology. Since 1993, Gian Andrea Pagnoni has worked as an independent researcher conducting environmental assessments and environmental project management (EIA, SEA, impact assessment and ecological networks). In 1998 he received his Ph.D. in Applied Ecology from the University of Parma. In 2001 he co-founded the Istituto Delta di Ecologia Applicata Srl (Delta Institute of Applied Ecology), a spin-off project of the University of Ferrara (National Research Register No. 53172DPY, Quality Management System UNI EN ISO 9001:2008).
He was born at Irslingen, in Irslingen Swabia, a member of the family of the dukes of Urslingen, and probably a descendant of the dukes of Spoleto. In 1338 he fought for the Republic of Venice against Mastino II della Scala of Verona. After the end of the conflict he entered the Compagnia di San Giorgio, financed by the Veronese and led by Lodrisio Visconti. He took part in the battle of Parabiago.
Gluckman Mayner Architects is an architecture firm located in New York City with Richard Gluckman and David Mayner in partnership since 1998. The architects are known for minimalist design, evident in five pioneering art galleries that moved into the Chelsea gallery district from the SoHo neighborhood during the late 1990s, the proposed expansion of the Whitney Museum of American Art, and the Mori Arts Center (2003) in Tokyo. Richard Gluckman studied architecture at Syracuse University, where he returned in 2005 to design the Warehouse, current home of the Syracuse University School of Architecture. He has designed a wide range of buildings including an apartment building in lower Manhattan, and houses in Texas and Long Island New York.
Michaele Salahi (née Michelle Ann ``Missy'' Holt) (born October 1, 1965) is an American self-proclaimed model and socialite. The Oakton, Virginia, native is a very active member of the Washington, D.C., social scene. She graduated from Oakton High School in 1983.
Baker was born in 1803, the second son of David Bristow Baker, a Blackfriars merchant. He was educated at St. John's College, Cambridge, where he graduated B.A. in 1829, and M.A. in 1832. Though admitted to the Middle Temple in 1824, he was never called to the Bar. From 1841 until his death in 1852 he was perpetual curate of Claygate, Surrey. He was the author of A treatise on the nature and causes of doubt, in religious questions: with a particular reference to Christianity (1831) and Discourses and sacramental Addresses to a Village Congregation (1832)
Barber held the positions of Gershon and Carol Kekst Professor of Civil Society and Distinguished University Professor at the University of Maryland, College Park School of Public Policy, and he is Walt Whitman Professor Emeritus at Rutgers University; he is currently president and director of the Interdependence Movement and the NGO ``CivWorld'' at Demos, and its annual Interdependence Day event on September 12. He is a distinguished senior fellow at Demos. As a political theorist, Barber argues for a renewed focus on civil society and engaged citizenship as tools for building effective democracy, particularly in the post-Cold War world. His current work focuses on global democratic governance and the relationship between the arts and democracy. Benjamin Barber has been a Senior Fellow at the USC Center on Public Diplomacy since 2005. He was an outside adviser to President Bill Clinton, a foreign policy adviser to Howard Dean's 2004 Presidential campaign and continues to counsel political leaders in America and abroad. Barber was educated at Grinnell College (B.A., 1960) and Harvard University (M.A., 1963; Ph.D., 1966), after earning certificates at Albert Schweitzer College (1959) and the London School of Economics (1957).
Roy Kift read French and Romance studies at the University of Wales in Aberystwyth, graduating with a B.A. in 1964. Between 1965 and 1968 he followed an acting course at the Drama Centre London. This was followed by acting seasons in Sheffield, Newcastle, London and Amsterdam. Since 1970 he has devoted his life mainly to writing and translating theatre plays and other texts, with a few excursions in directing and acting. His works include theatre plays, travel guides and children's books. He translates from French, German and Italian into English. Amongst the best-known authors he has translated are Molière, Goldoni, Patrick Süskind and Heinar Kipphardt. Roy Kift contributes regular articles and criticism to the New York theatre magazine ``Western European Stages''. Roy Kift is married to the social historian Dagmar Kift and has two daughters. He currently lives in the state of North Rhine Westphalia, Germany.
Joy Kingston (December 6, 1922 - January 30, 2010) was a fashion designer. Born in Kansas City, Missouri, Joy graduated from high school early, at age 15 in June 1938. For one year, she studied at the University of Missouri. Then, in 1939 she enrolled at The University of Wisconsin where she was an Art major in the School of Home Economics, with an emphasis on Dress Design and Interior Decoration. Both of these areas would be lifelong passions for Joy. Subsequently, Joy also studied for one additional semester at the Kansas City Art Institute.
Iwan was born on August 16, 1981, in Beirut, Lebanon.He is the eldest son of his Lebanese father Marwan Baassiri and his Palestinian origin mother Dahouk, he has two brothers (Mazen and Haitham) and one sister(Rasha). Iwan holds a degree in Hotel Management from the Lebanese University. It was said that he is also preparing for his Master of Business Administration (MBA) degree. iwan got discreetly married in 2008 and got divorced in the same way at the end of 2009 and refused to talk about this subject with the media.
Arnstein Rynning Arneberg was born in Fredrikshald, now Halden in Østfold county, Norway. His parents were Mauritz Otto Edward Arneberg (1845-1913) and Hermione Nicoline Mathilde Rynning (1858-1944). Arnstein Arneberg grew up in Lysaker in Oslo. From 1899-1902, he was a student at the Royal Drawing School, now the Norwegian National Academy of Craft and Art Industry in Oslo. Arneberg began his education of the architect with employment as assistant to the architect, Alfred Christian Dahl (1857-1940) in Oslo from 1888-1900. Arneberg studied at the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm from 1904 to 1906. He also studied with Swedish architects Isak Gustaf Clason, Gustaf Lindgren, and Erik Lallerstedt. In Stockholm, he studied with a group of Norwegian architect students who came to be influential in the academic environment, including Magnus Poulsson.
Thomas S. Crago was born in Carmichaels, Pennsylvania. He attended Greene Academy and Waynesburg College. He graduated from Princeton College in 1893. He studied law, and was admitted to the bar of Greene County, Pennsylvania in 1894 and commenced practice in Waynesburg, Pennsylvania.
Dr. Sheahon Zenger is an American university sports administrator and a former assistant American football coach. Dr. Zenger is currently the Director of Athletics at the University of Kansas, replacing Lew Perkins. He was formerly Director of Athletics at Illinois State University. Dr. Zenger earned a Ph.D. at the University of Kansas in 1996.
Hw was born at Athlumney, County Meath, second son of Peter Metge and Anne Lyons. He was a graduate of the University of Dublin where he took his degree of Bachelor of Arts in 1763. He married Sophia Crofton, daughter of Sir Marcus Crofton of Mote, County Roscommon but had no children; Sophia died in 1777 . After his retirement from the Bench he lived mainly in Bath.
Koen Olthuis (born 1971) is a Dutch architect. He studied Architecture and Industrial design at the Delft University of Technology. Olthuis is the founder of architectural firm Waterstudio, currently based on Rijswijk, Netherlands. Waterstudio specializes in floating structures to counter concerns of floods, which are both a local concern (since one-third of the Netherlands is reclaimed land) as well as a global one, due to the possible effects of climate change. In 2007, Olthuis was included in TIME Magazine's readers' poll of ``the most influential people of the year'', ranking #122 with a rating of 45 out of 100. In 2010 he published a book called Float together with David Keuning about building on water. Olthuis is currently member of Flood resilience Group UNESCO-IHE.The Flood Resilience Group (UNESCO-IHE / TU Delft) focuses on establishing resilient urban water management. Often partnering with private and public organisations, it takes a trans-disciplinary approach to enhance resilience of cities to floods and droughts by incorporating urban water systems planning, design and governance. Koen Olthuis Owns the patent on the Method for producing a floating base.
Hodgkin, a cousin of the English still life painter Eliot Hodgkin (1905--87), was educated at Bryanston School in Dorset. He then studied at the Camberwell Art School and later at the Bath Academy of Art in Corsham, where Edward Piper studied drawing under him.
Stephen Brobst has an undergraduate degree in electrical engineering and computer science from University of California, Berkeley. As a college senior, he received the Bechtel Engineering Award. He also has an MBA through a joint program between Harvard Business School and MIT Sloan School of Management. Brobst has a Master's degree and doctorate degree in computer science from MIT. His research there focused on high-performance parallel processing.
He was born in Halifax, West Yorkshire, England. Duttine moved to London, England, and attended the Drama Centre London -- since 1999 a part of the Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design of the University of the Arts London -- where he studied Stanislavski's system of method acting alongside actors Craig Kelly and John Simm.
Kay Hymowitz is an American author. Born in Philadelphia, she earned her B.A. at Brandeis University, and her M.A. in English literature from Tufts University. She taught English literature and composition at Brooklyn College and at the Parsons School of Design. As of 2010 she was the William E. Simon fellow at the Manhattan Institute and a contributing editor of City Journal. Her writing has appeared in the Wall Street Journal. She lives in Brooklyn with her husband and three children.
Dr. Ali Haghighi is a biochemist with Natural Balance Pet Foods in Pacoima, California. Dr. Haghighi received his Ph.D. in biochemistry at Cleveland State University.
Ames was born into a wealthy family from North Easton, Massachusetts as the youngest son of Governor Oliver Ames. At age fifteen, he collected his first orchids in Easton. He was educated at Harvard University, receiving his A.B. in 1898 and his A.M. in 1899. He married Blanche Ames (no relation) in 1900, resulting in her married name of Blanche Ames Ames.
Billy Pat Wright was born in Rector, Arkansas in 1937. He attended Marmaduke High School in Marmaduke, Arkansas. He then went to National University and received his B.A.. He also attended Three Rivers Community College. He later became a Southwestern Bell Telephone Company real estate agent and rancher. In addition, he is a U.S. Army veteran. During his career he received the Paul Harris Fellow Award from the Dexter Rotary Club and he was the president of the Cotton Club of the Telephone Pioneers of America. He has also been legislative chair of the Communications Workers of America and president of the Dexter Rotary Club. He is a member of the Church of Christ, the American-International Charolais Association, the Masonic Lodge, and the Missouri Cattlemen's Association. He is married with three children and nine grand children.
Bernardo Harris (born October 15, 1971) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League. He attended Chapel Hill High School, graduating in 1990. He was recruited by Mack Brown to play at the University of North Carolina and graduated in 1994. After not being drafted, he was signed as a free agent by the Kansas City Chiefs. He played on the Green Bay Packers when they won Super Bowl XXXI following the 1996 season.
In recognition of exceptional academic and extracurricular achievement, she was a recipient of the prestigious Champlain Scholarship at Trent University in Peterborough, Ontario. As an ungraduate student backpacking around the Middle East, her bus was hijacked in Lebanon. She earned a Bachelor of Arts Economics and History Honours, from Trent University in 1976. She took the Foreign Affairs Officer's exam initially because she thought it would be good practice for the law school entrance exam. She accepted a job offer on the Middle East desk at the Department of External now Foreign Affairs in 1976. She earned a Masters in Public Administration from John F Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University. In 1984. Lucie Edwards married Thomas Roach (BA, Trent University, 1970) in 1979.
Robyn Eckersley is a Professor and Head of Political Science in the School of Social and Political Sciences, University of Melbourne, Australia. She was previously a public lawyer, and a lecturer at Monash University until 2001. She studied at the University of Western Australia, Cambridge University, and did a PhD at the University of Tasmania.
Richard Brown (c. 1712--1780?) was an academic at the University of Oxford. He matriculated at Hart Hall, Oxford in 1727 at the age of 15, obtaining his Bachelor of Arts degree from Trinity College in 1731. He was made an fellow of the college in 1734, when he obtained his Master of Arts degree, with his Bachelor of Divinity degree following in 1742 and a doctorate in divinity in 1752 He was appointed as Lord Almoner's Professor of Arabic at the University of Oxford in 1748, and also became Regius Professor of Hebrew at Oxford in 1774, holding both positions until 1780. He was an ordained clergyman in the Church of England; a canon of St Paul's Cathedral, he was also appointed perpetual curate of St Mary's Paddington in 1756.
Bryan Forrest (born September 22, 1986) is an American actor and stuntman best known for his roles in the Spike TV original series Deadliest Warrior and for voicing the character of Shin in Capcom's live action film Zombrex: Dead Sun Rising. He graduated from the University of California, Santa Barbara in 2009, earning a Bachelor of Fine Arts in theatre with an emphasis in acting.
Jon Beckerman is a producer, director and writer best known for his projects with Rob Burnett. He was born in 1969. He graduated from Shady Side Academy in 1987.
Michael Stanley Gee graduated from Rocky River High School in 1966. After a brief stint in the band Silk, Stanley graduated with a bachelor's degree from Hiram College in 1970. At Hiram he was a disc jockey for WHRM, the school's radio station, and was elected to the Student Senate. Stanley released his first solo album, Michael Stanley, in 1973. The album, and its follow-up Friends & Legends were produced by Bill Szymczyk and featured contributions from Joe Walsh, Todd Rundgren and David Sanborn. In 1974 Stanley formed the Michael Stanley Band and released eleven albums through the mid 1980s.
Griffin Anthony (born September 3, 1983) is an American singer-songwriter and guitarist. Born and raised in upstate New York, Griffin attended high school at Wooster School in Danbury, CT and then went on to receive a BA in Business and Psychology from Nova Southeastern University in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida before pursuing his music career full time.
Peter Joseph Jugis was born in Charlotte, North Carolina on March 3, 1957, and baptized at St. Ann's Catholic Church in 1957 by a priest who would later become Bishop Michael J. Begley, the first Bishop of Charlotte. He attended South Mecklenburg High School and graduated in 1975. He then studied at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte, where he obtained a B.A. in Business Administration in 1979. He studied for the priesthood at the Pontifical North American College in Rome, Italy, from 1979 to 1984, and received a Theology degree (S.T.B.) from the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome in 1982.
Andrew Berry was born in 1963 in London. His father is biologist R. J. Berry. He attended Shrewsbury School from the age of 13. From there, he went on to earn a degree of Zoology from the University of Oxford and a PhD in evolutionary genetics from Princeton University. He is currently married to Harvard Professor Naomi Pierce and they have twin daughters.
The Cambridge Apostles, also known as the Cambridge Conversazione Society, is an intellectual secret society at the University of Cambridge founded in 1820 by George Tomlinson, a Cambridge student who went on to become the first Bishop of Gibraltar.
Morgan Wailes Walker, Jr. (November 5, 1928--August 12, 2008), was a prominent businessman invested in farming, cattle ranching, catfish production, restaurant management, and banking, originally from Alexandria, the seat of Rapides Parish and the largest city in Central Louisiana. Walker was one of six children born to Morgan W. Walker, Sr. (1893-1983), a native of Dodson in Winn Parish. Walker's mother, the former Genevieve James (1900-1960), was the youngest of fourteen children born to Mr. and Mrs. William Calvit James, originally from Boyce in northern Rapides Parish. The senior Walker, who graduated with a business degree from Louisiana Tech University in Ruston, owned Walker Cloverland Dairy, which subsequently became Walker-Roemer Dairy. Beginning with a taxi service, the senior Walker also established Trans-Continental Bus Lines, the forerunner of Continental Trailways. For a time, Walker, Sr., was also the president of the Rapides Parish School Board and from 1970-1978 was chairman of the board of former Guaranty Bank and Trust Company. Walker, Jr., grew up on the family plantation off Horseshoe Drive in Alexandria. In his teens, he delivered milk for the family dairy. Like his mother, he became accomplished at horsemanship. He was an Eagle Scout. He graduated in 1947 after four years of study at the defunct Sewanee Military Academy in Chattanooga, Tennessee. He soon left Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge to work in farming and ranching in Louisiana. In the early 1950s, during the Korean War, Walker joined the Seabees Reserve and was honorably discharged in 1954 from the United States Navy.
Jennifer Haase was born on December 20, 1974, in Detroit, Michigan. She graduated from Eisenhower High School, in Shelby Township, Michigan in 1993. She graduated from Alma College in Alma, Michigan with a BA in Elementary Education in 1997. In 2007, Haase received her Masters of Education, Reading and Language Arts from Oakland University. Haase worked as an elementary school teacher from 1998 to her election in 2008. She lives in Richmond with her husband Robert Haase, a Sterling Heights firefighter and paramedic.
River Falls High School is a public high school located in . There are approximately 250 students in each class. The school is known for its outstanding marching band program, which has won the State Title 18 of the past 27 years. It is also known for its St. Croix Fusion girls hockey team which has won three state championships in the 2009, 2010, and 2011 seasons and Gymnastics team which has 21 State appearances and 6 state championships. International fashion models Frankie and Missy Rayder attended River Falls High School.
Dan Bane (born c.1947) is the Chairman and CEO of Trader Joe's. Bane graduated in 1969 from the University of Southern California with a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting. While at USC he was a member of the National Champion Trojan baseball team. His brother, Eddie Bane, is a former major league baseball player and in 2010 was the Director of Scouting for the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
John Plant studied Anthropology at Windham College in Putney (Vermont, USA), graduating with the B.A. degree (1976), and Biology at the Southern Connecticut State University, New Haven (Connecticut, USA), with the B.S. degree (1978). He continued the study of biology at the Albert-Ludwigs-Universität im Breisgau (Germany), acquiring the Diplom degree (1985). Afterwards Plant began an investigation on the Contraries and Clowns of the Plains Indians. With his doctoral thesis on this topic he earned the Dr. phil. (1994) under supervision of Prof. Ulrich Köhler and Dr. Lothar Käser at the Institut für Völkerkunde of the Universität Freiburg (Germany). Since 1998, Plant has been a science associate of the Department of Evolutionary Biology (Faculty of Life Sciences, Center of Zoology) at the University of Vienna (Austria) with research interests in bees and their evolution.
Spencer Houghton Cone was born in Princeton, New Jersey, April 13, 1785. He entered Princeton University at the age of twelve, but two years later, because of his father's illness, left his studies. At sixteen he was master in a school at Burlington. He then moved to Philadelphia. Finding his salary insufficient to support his family, he first studied law, but abandoned it and turned to the stage. This vocation did not especially appeal to him, and was strongly opposed by his devout mother who considered it not respectable. He first appeared in ``Mahomet'' in 1805 and subsequently was successful on the stage. But this profession was distasteful to him and he soon left it.
Nebel studied at Humboldt University of Berlin german studies, english studies and pedagogic. After university studies she worked for German television. In 1980s she worked for Deutscher Fernsehfunk (DFF). In 1989 she had her own television show Sprungbrett. After Die Wende she worked for German broadcaster ARD, NDR and MDR. From June 1994 to 2003 she presented Schlager show Feste der Volksmusik on German broadcaster ARD. Since January 2004 she presents on German broadcaster ZDF the show Willkommen bei Carmen Nebel and show Die schönsten Weihnachts-Hits. Nebel lives in Berlin and has one child.
Henri Frenay was born in Lyon, France on 11 November 1905, into a Catholic family with a military tradition. He studied the Germanic languages at the University of Strasbourg. Afterwards he became a soldier like his father and studied in Saint Cyr and l'Ecole Superieure de Guerre and reached the rank of captain in 1934. At the outbreak of World War II, he rejoined the French army. German forces captured him in Vosges. He escaped from a POW camp in Alsace on 27 June 1940 and made his way to Marseille.
Walters was the eldest son of John Walters, a clergyman and lexicographer, and he was born on 11 June 1760 in Llandough, Glamorgan, south Wales. He was educated at Cowbridge Grammar School and Jesus College, Oxford, matriculating in 1777 obtaining his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1781. During his time in Oxford, he was sub-librarian at the Bodleian Library. He became headmaster of Cowbridge Grammar School in 1783 and headmaster of Ruthin School in the following year, when he also obtained his Master of Arts degree. He was later rector of Efenechtyd, Denbighshire. He died on 28 June 1789 in Ruthin, survived by his wife and two daughters.
In 1856 the Clarke family moved to Davis County, Iowa, settling one mile east of Drakesville. He taught school in Bloomfield before attending Oskaloosa College, from which he graduated in 1877. Clarke earned a law degree from the University of Iowa in 1878 and then moved to Adel, Iowa. He married Arletta Greene on June 27, 1878. He served four years as Justice of the Peace and in 1882 formed a partnership with John B. White for the practice of law. From 1901-09, he was a member of the Iowa House of Representatives, serving as Speaker from 1904-09. He was the 22nd Lieutenant Governor from 1909-13, and then was elected Governor in 1912 and reelected in 1914. After stepping down as Governor, he was Dean of Drake University Law School from 1917-18, and practiced law in Des Moines, Iowa. His papers are in the collection of the University of Iowa.
Jay was born Karla Jayne Berlin in Brooklyn, New York, to a conservative Jewish family. She attended the Berkeley Institute, a private girls' school in Brooklyn now called the Berkeley Carroll School. Later she attended Barnard College, where she majored in French, and graduated in 1968 after having taken part in the student demonstrations at Columbia University.
The Green Economics Institute was founded by Miriam Kennet and Volker Heinemann in 2004. Miriam Kennet, co-founder, director and CEO of the Green Economics Institute, received an MAIB in Economics and International Business from South Bank University, and most recently an MSC in Environmental Science and Economics from the University of Oxford. She has researched into environmental economics at South Bank University, Oxford University, and Keele University.
William Ruthven Smith was born April 2, 1868, in Nashville, Tennessee, son of Robert McPhail and Lititia (Trimble) Smith. The younger Smith attended Vanderbilt University and was appointed to the United States Military Academy from his native state, graduating 10th out of 62 cadets in his class of 1892.
Phillip Mills competed at the 1974 Commonwealth Games in the 110m hurdles, and four years later in both 110m and 400m hurdles. He attended the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA) on a track and field scholarship, and graduated with a degree in philosophy in 1978.
Rulon Davis was born in San Diego, California. He played at Charter Oak High School in Covina. While there his most playing experience was on the offensive line.
Born in Acadiana, along the Mississippi River, by New Orleans she studied French literature at the University of California, Berkeley. She is a strong defender of French language in Louisiana, and a member of CIEF (Conseil International d'Études Francophones). She has published her poems in numerous magazines and several bilingual poetry books in French and English. She was awarded with some literature prizes and is a professor at the Northern Michigan University. Beverly Matherne is one of the most appreciated poets of IMMAGINE&POESIA, the artistic literary movement founded in Turin, Italy, with the patronage of Aeronwy Thomas, Dylan Thomas' daughter. She currently lives in Marquette.
Marilyn Kaye (born 1949) is a children's author. She taught children's literature at St. John's University, New York. She is the author of many children's and young adult novel series, including the successful Replica and Gifted series.
He attended East 15 Acting School in 1970 and met a student named Martin von Haselberg. They became good friends and had the same interest in performance arts in which they wrote plays and performed sketches for the school. They were both asked to leave after the first year because of there rebellious encounters with the school. Both Brian Routh and Martin von Haselberg continued to perform in small theaters, clubs and festivals across Europe in Holland, Germany, Italy and Austria. They had gotten an invitation to perform at the Munich Olympics as the Kipper Kids in 1972. This was an exciting venue for the Kipper Kids, but was marred by the Munich massacre.
Born in London, Halsbury was the third son of Stanley Lees Giffard, editor of the Standard newspaper, by his wife Susanna, daughter of Francis Moran. He was educated at Merton College, Oxford, and was called to the bar at the Inner Temple in 1850.
Mireille Eagan was born in Calgary, Alberta in 1982 and grew up in Whitehorse, Yukon and Fredericton, New Brunswick. She is a graduate of Mount Allison University (Bachelor of Arts in Art History) and Concordia University (Masters of Arts in Art History). She was Curator at the Confederation Centre Art Gallery in Prince Edward Island from November 2008 to July 2010. She is currently Curator of Canadian Art at The Rooms in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, a position she has held since January 2011.
Dora Gad (née Siegel) was born in 1912 in Campulung, Romania. She grew up in the home of her grandfather, and attended Hebrew school and a government-run school. Between 1930 and 1934, she studied at the Technische Hochschule in Vienna, and received her diploma in engineering and architecture. There, she met her future husband, Heinrich Yehezkel Goldberg, an architecture student. They married in 1936, immigrated to Mandatory Palestine and settled in Tel Aviv.
Wither was born in Bentworth, near Alton, in the heart Hampshire, the son of George Wither Senior of that place and his wife, Mary, who was possibly from the family of Hunt. His grandfather, Richard Wither, lived at Manydown in Wootton St Lawrence, where the family had resided since at least 1344. His early schooling took place under Rev. John Greaves, the father of John, Sir Edward and Thomas Greaves. Between the ages of fifteen and seventeen he studied at Magdalen College, Oxford. Despite his neighbors' advice that his father put him to some mechanic trade, he was sent to one of the Inns of Chancery, eventually obtaining an introduction at Court.
Daniel Fish graduated from Northwestern University with a BS in performance studies. From 1989 to 1993 he worked as the assistant director to Michael Kahn at the Shakespeare Theatre Company. Following this, he freelanced, directing conceptually experimental productions of Moliere and Shakespeare, including a iconoclastic productions of Twelfth Night at The Shakespeare Theatre, Romeo and Juliet at Great Lakes Theater Festival, and Tartuffe for the Court Theatre.
Born in 1944, James Shepherd attended the Hamilton Academy in South Lanarkshire, Scotland, from which he entered the University of Glasgow. Graduating BSc in 1965, Shepherd achieved MB ChB with Honours in 1968 and gained PhD in 1972.
Amanda Truelove (born 1961) is a cellist from the United Kingdom. She studied with Joan Dickson and Amaryllis Fleming at the Royal College of Music and later became a professor at the same college.
Ola Rotimi was the son of Samuel Gladstone Enitan Rotimi a Yoruba steam-launch engineer (a successful director and producer of amateur theatricals) and Dorcas Adolae Oruene Addo an Ijaw drama enthusiast. He was born in Sapele, Nigeria. ; cultural diversity was a recurring theme in his work. He attended St. Cyprians School in Port Harcourt from 1945 to 1949, St Jude's School, Lagos from 1951 to 1952 and the Methodist Boys High School in Lagos before traveling to the United States in 1959 to study at Boston University where he obtained a B.A in fine arts'. In 1965, he married Hazel Mae Guadreau originally from Gloucester ; Hazel also studied at Boston University where she majored in opera, voice and music education. In 1966 he obtained an M.A. from Yale School of Drama, where he earned the distinction of being a Rockefeller Foundation scholar in Playwriting and Dramatic Literature.
For many years the Art Institute of Chicago regularly held annual exhibits of local artists, but these ended decades ago. Mary Agnes Yerkes, (1886--1989), was an American Impressionist painter and one such exhibitor at AIC from 1912-1915. Born in Oak Park, she studied at the Chicago Academy of Fine Arts, where she also taught, and the at the currently named School of the Art Institute of Chicago. She is noted for her plein-air painting while camping the American West and its National Parks.
Lucian Bute vs. Glen Johnson was a Boxing Super Middleweight fight for the IBF World title at the Pepsi Coliseum, Quebec City, Quebec in Canada and will be distributed by Showtime. Bute had hoped to match him with former titleholder Mikkel Kessler of Denmark. When Kessler declined the bout -- he will instead challenge titlist Robert Stieglitz on Nov. 5 in Denmark. They then turned to former middleweight champion Kelly Pavlik, who said he wanted the fight but he also ended up turning down the bout because he was unahppy with the $1.35 million offer he received from Top Rank to challenge Bute.
Jennifer Rankin (born Jennifer Mary Haynes) (18 November 1941--8 December 1979) was a 20th century Australian poet and playwright. Rankin was born in and grew up in Sydney and went to Ravenswood Methodist School. She then studied English and Psychology at University of Sydney and completed a Diploma of Education at UNE in 1968. She worked mainly in education in Australia and England.
Randy Conrads attended Oregon State University, graduating in 1972 with a bachelors degree in industrial engineering. Before founding Classmates Online, Inc. Conrads worked for Boeing for twenty one years. Classmates.com became a very popular website and Conrads received many honors including eBusiness Report's 2001 Entrepreneur of the Year. After he left Classmates Online, Inc. Conrads went on to co-found RedWeek.com. He continues to work for this company.
Marisa Lino (born 1950) is a retired American diplomat. She was born in the Free Territory of Trieste, today part of Italy, but grew up in Portland, Oregon from the age of five. She received an M.A. in international affairs from The George Washington University in 1972 and B.A. in political science from Portland State University in 1971. In May 1999, she received an honorary doctorate of international affairs from John Cabot University. She also completed a Certificate in Advanced Engineering Studies at M.I.T. in a mid-career program and did post-graduate work at the University of Zagreb (then Yugoslavia).
Marbury was born in Guilford, Howard County, Maryland to Reverend Ogle Marbury and Eleanora Brevitt MacKenzie Marbury. He was privately tutored as a youth, and also attended Baltimore City College and Deichmann Gymnasium School. He received his B.A. degree in 1902 from Johns Hopkins University, and his LL.B. degree from the University of Maryland School of Law in 1904.
Kiril Merdzhanski (also transliterated Merjanski) () (born 30 July 1955 in Sofia) is a Bulgarian poet, playwright and translator from English. He graduated in History from Saint Kliment Ohridski University of Sofia. He lives in the United States where he graduated with Master's in History (2007) from Wright State University. He is considered to be one of the most influential postmodern Bulgarian poets. His works have been translated into English, French, Bosnian, Croatian, German and Swedish.
MLV trained several other students, and many of them are the front-ranking musicians today. Some of the notable musicians who have studied under MLV include Sudha Ragunathan, A. Kanyakumari, Trichur V. Ramachandran, Yogam Santhanam, Charumathi Ramachandran, Vanaja Narayanan, T. M. Prabhavathi, Meena Subramaniam, Jayanthi Sridharan, Jayanthi Mohan, Rose Muralikrishnan and Bama Visveswaran. She also taught music to children at the Rishi Valley School started by Jiddu Krishnamurti.
She was born on March 1, 1933, in East Orange, New Jersey, to Mr. and Mrs. Floyd Theodore Southard. Her father was a businessman, and she had two brothers (Samuel and Harry). Shortly after she was born, her family moved to Atlantic City, New Jersey, where she was raised. Samuel became a pediatrician, and Harry a high school teacher. She earned her undergraduate degree at Ohio State University, and later studied at the Sorbonne and the Alliance Francaise in Paris, France. After graduating from college she worked as a freelance foreign correspondent and later worked for United Press International as its reporter in Washington, D.C., where her coverage of the U.S. Supreme Court fostered an interest in law. She ultimately enrolled at Washington College of Law and was awarded a law degree in 1958.
Stacia Pierce was born Stacia Scott to Alfred L. Scott, a notable realtor in Grand Rapids, MI and Phyllis Scott on June 8, 1967. She attended Ottawa Hills High School and lived in Grand Rapids until moving to East Lansing, MI in 1993. Her father groomed her for life as a businesswoman, taking her to success seminars like the Dale Carnegie Course, and encouraging her to read books by authors like Napoleon Hill and Zig Ziglar.
Joseph Polchinski (born on May 16, 1954 in White Plains, New York) is a physicist working on string theory. He graduated from Canyon del Oro High School in Tucson, Arizona in 1971, obtained his B.S. degree from Caltech in 1975, and his Ph.D. from the University of California, Berkeley in 1980 under the supervision of Stanley Mandelstam. After postdoctoral positions at SLAC (1980--82) and Harvard (1982--84) he was a professor at the University of Texas at Austin from 1984 to 1992. Since 1992 he has been a professor at the University of California, Santa Barbara and a permanent member of the Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics in Santa Barbara.
Bill Dawes is an actor, writer, and stand-up comedian born and raised in Alexandria, Virginia. He graduated from T.C. Williams High School (prominently featured in Remember the Titans). He graduated from Princeton University with a degree in Aerospace Engineering and earned his Masters of Fine Arts from New York University. He supported himself during that period by working as a professional breakdancer and nude model.
Furietti was born at Bergamo, the son of Giovanni Marco Sonzogni Furietti, noble, of a local branch of the Sonzogni. He was educated at the Almo Collegio Borromeo, Pavia, then at the University of Pavia, where he received his doctorate in canon and civil law (utroque iure). In spite of his distinguished service to the Apostolic Camera, the cardinal's hat was withheld from him by Pope Benedict XIV, although Furietti dedicated to him his book on mosaics, partly in pique for Furietti's refusal to part with the famous marble centaurs for the Museo Capitolino, which had opened in 1734. Furietti was eventually created cardinal priest, by Clement XIII in the consistory of 24 September 1759.
Dr. Rod L. Evans is an author, lecturer, and philosopher who writes and speaks on ethics, English usage, and practical political philosophy. He graduated from Old Dominion University, and earned his Ph.D. in Philosophy from the University of Virginia. He is Lecturer of Philosophy at Old Dominion University in Norfolk, Virginia.
He owned and operated a cattle ranch in Arizona until, at the age of 37, he read about, and then studied, Albert Schweitzer's medical missionary work in Gabon, and resolved with Schweitzer's encouragement and guidance to create a similar third-world hospital. He and Gwen Grant Mellon enrolled at Tulane University; he received his medical degree in 1954 at the age of 44, and she became qualified as a medical-laboratory technician.
Government officials who have graduated from Willamette include members from both the judicial and legislative branches of government. Oregon Supreme Court's current chief justice, Paul De Muniz, graduated from the College of Law, as did his predecessor, Wallace P. Carson, Jr. Current Oregon State Supreme Court justice Virginia Linder also received her J.D. from Willamette. California Democratic congressman Sam Farr who successfully introduced the 2007 ``Oceans Conservation, Education and National Strategy for the 21st Century Act'' attended Willamette for his undergraduate studies. Mark O. Hatfield, Oregon's former governor and the longest serving Oregon senator, graduated from Willamette and later returned as a professor at his alma mater. Bob Packwood, former Republican senator graduated from Willamette University in 1954. Lisa Murkowski, senior Republican senator on the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, also received her JD from Willamette University College of Law.
Yodit Getahun was born in Dire Dawa, Ethiopia on 12 February 1985. She attended Addis Ababa University but did not graduate from there.
Dr. Paul J. Olscamp (born in Montreal, Quebec, Canada on August 29, 1937) is a retired Canadian-American academic and university administrator. While attending the University of Western Ontario, Dr. Olscamp was a member of the Delta Upsilon fraternity. He received his Bachelor of Arts and Master of Arts degrees in 1958 and 1960, respectively. He received his doctorate in philosophy from the University of Rochester in 1962, the first such degree awarded there. His continuing love of the subject was evident during his time at Bowling Green State University (BGSU) because he taught a philosophy course almost every semester, despite managing all his duties as president.
John Colquhoun (6 March 1805 -- 27 May 1885) was a sportsman and sportswriter in Scotland. He was born in Edinburgh to James Colquhoun, 3rd Baronet of Luss, Dumbartonshire and Janet Sinclair. He was educated at the University of Edinburgh and in 1828 joined the 33rd Regiment in Connaught, Ireland. In 1829 he was promoted to the Fourth Dragoon Guards. On 29 January 1834 he married Frances Sarah Fuller Maitland daughter of Ebenezer Fuller Maitland and Bethia Ellis. John and Frances had four sons and five daughters.
Brandstatter's wife Robbie Timmons has also been in broadcasting; she recently retired as the weekday news anchor on WXYZ-TV in Detroit, and was the first woman to anchor the evening news in America when she began her career in 1972 at WILX-TV in Lansing. They met in the mid-1970s while working together at WILX-TV. Timmons graduated from Ohio State University, Michigan's fierce arch-rival.
Kessler holds Bachelors and Masters degrees in Industrial Engineering/Operations Research from Georgia Institute of Technology. He is married to Martha Jane Wilson of Durham, N.C. The couple has two grown children, Mark and Laura, and three grandchildren. Mark graduated from Southern Methodist University with a degree in International Business and earned his Master's Degree in Hotel Administration from Cornell University.
Leslie Christidis graduated as Bachelor of Science at the University of Melbourne in 1980. In 1985 he required his Ph.D. at the Australian National University where he studied the evolutionary genetics of Australian finches.
Hamid Saeed Kazmi (; born October 3, 1957 in Multan, Pakistan) was the Pakistani federal Minister for Religious Affairs, belonging to the Pakistan Peoples Party under the cabinet of Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani. Kazmi was born in a well-to-do religious family; his father, Ahmad Saeed Kazmi, was a prominent Sufi and Islamic scholar. He is one among eleven siblings. He obtained a Master of Arts degree from the Bahauddin Zakariya University in 1985. Kazmi is married and has two daughters and two sons. In 2010, Kazmi was involved in an infamous corruption scandal regarding facilities of Pakistani pilgrims performing the Hajj in Saudi Arabia and was accused of not managing adequate food, resources and living space for them during their stay. He was consequently sacked from office on the 14th of December, 2010. Khurshid Shah was appointed to take charge of office and his replacement.
James Cranke (June 23, 1707 -- October 28, 1780) was born at Little Urswick, near Barrow, and lived there for most of his life. He was trained as a plasterer, but became a self taught portrait painter and attempted to make his name in London c.1737-52. He attended St. Martin's Lane Academy and in 1744 he married a well known heiress and opened his own studio in Bloomsbury Square. Several art historians have recognised that he may have been more prolific had ill health not forced him to return home. His chosen medium was oil on canvas.
Robin Lee Graham (born 1949) is a man who set out to sail around the world alone as a teenager in the summer of 1965. National Geographic Magazine carried the story, and he co-wrote a book detailing his journey called Dove. Graham was just sixteen when he set out from Southern California and headed west in his 24-foot boat. He got married along the way, and after almost five years, sailed back into his home port. After he and his wife Patti attended Stanford University, they moved to Montana and settled down.
Lawrence Ari Fleischer (born October 13, 1960) is the former White House Press Secretary for U.S. President George W. Bush from January, 2001 to July, 2003. Fleischer was born in Pound Ridge, New York; his parents were Jewish, his mother a Hungarian immigrant who lost much of her family in the Holocaust. He graduated from Fox Lane High School in Bedford, New York in 1978, and graduated from Middlebury College in Vermont in 1982. Today, he works as a media consultant for the NFL, Bowl Championship Series, and other various sports organizations and players through his company, Ari Fleischer Sports Communications. He is also an international media consultant to Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper. He helped Mark McGwire in his media strategy for his admission of steroid usage. He was also briefly hired by Tiger Woods to help him with a strategy to make his entrance back on the PGA Tour, but was not retained after news stories surfaced promoting his representation of Woods.
Honorary Doctorate: In May 2005, Cochrane received an Honorary Doctorate from Brandon University in Brandon, Manitoba. In addition, musician James Ehnes, journalist Henry Champ and actress Shirley Douglas received Honorary Doctorates from the University at the Spring Convocation held May 28, 2005.
Vivien Goldman is a British journalist, writer and musician. She was born in London, the child of two German-Jewish refugees from Nazi Germany. She studied English and American literature at the University of Warwick. She began her career as a PR officer for Island Records.
Mercedes Valdivieso (March 1, 1924--August 3, 1993) was a Chilean writer, known since her earliest writings for the subversive nature of her texts. She first wrote La Brecha (``Breakthrough'') in 1961, which is considered to be the first feminist Latin-American novel. This novel caused dismay from the reactionary segment of society and loud applause from the critics and is considered a revolutionary departure from the traditional treatment of the feminine role in marriage. ``Breakthrough'' is a novel that ends with the heroine awareness that she didn't really need to depend upon a man in order to lead a fulfilling life. The book enjoyed an unexpected publishing success and went through five consecutive editions. Mercedes Valdivieso had the extreme audacity to become an innovator; she bridged the gap between romantic and domestic fiction in a society where women have been viewed as a sexless gender, icons of virtue, and depending on men to meet the necessities of life. Valdivieso also was founder and director of ``Adan'' a Men's Magazine, she published articles in newspapers and magazines and she gave many lectures and speeches. She taught literature at the University of Peking, at the University of Houston, at Stephen F. Austin State University in Nacogdoches,at University of St. Thomas in Houston and she was a Professor Emeritus at Rice University.
Coates earned his bachelor's and master's degrees in electrical engineering from the University of Kansas in 1944 and 1948. He received his doctorate from the University of Illinois in 1953. He taught electrical engineering and computer science at the universities of Illinois, Kansas and Texas and at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute before coming to Purdue. He directed the Electronics Research Center and supervised the engineering computer facilities at Texas and started a graduate program in information sciences. At Illinois, he directed the Coordinated Sciences Laboratory, an interdisciplinary lab focused on computers, information processing and electronics.
After graduation from high school, Valentin Lebedev studied for a year (1960) at the Higher Air Force Navigators School in Orenburg, but he was discharged as a result of an armed forces reduction. He continued his studies at the Moscow Aviation Institute, from which he graduated in 1966.
Irons was born in Camden, London, and is the son of Irish-born actress Sinéad Cusack and English-born actor Jeremy Irons, and the grandson of actor Cyril Cusack. He attended the Dragon School in Oxford and graduated from the Guildhall School of Music and Drama in 2008. Irons has modelled for companies including Burberry and Mango. He was voted number 2 out of 10 Best New Actors In Hollywood Revealed by the News Junky Journal in 2011, partly due to this role. His girlfriend is ``Sucker Punch'' actress Emily Browning(cite web url=http://www.livejournel.com/57178766.html
George Herbert Morrell was the son of the Rev. G. K. Morrell, fellow of St John's College, Oxford. He was educated at Rugby School and Exeter College, Oxford, where he took honours in natural science as well as a B.C.L. in 1870. Morrell became a demonstrator in physiology at the Oxford university museum under George Rolleston. In 1874 he married his third cousin, Emilia Alicia Morrell (1854--1938), grand-daughter of one of the founder of Morrells Brewery and the richest heiress in Oxfordshire. He was the Conservative Member of Parliament for Woodstock, from 1891 to 1892 and again from 1895 till 1906.
Larry Gordon (born April 18, 1987 in Pomona, California, U.S.) is an American professional basketball player. He plays in the Dutch Basketball League for Landstede Basketbal and averages 14 points and 8.1 rebounds per game. He is a graduate of the California State Polytechnic University, Pomona where he played from 2005 to 2009. During his senior year, he led his team to the NCAA Men's Division II Basketball Championship Game and was named an NABC All-American.
Jason Bredle (February 16, 1976 -- ) is an American poet. Born in Indianapolis, he received degrees in English and Spanish from Indiana University and an MFA from the University of Michigan, where he was the recipient of a Hopwood Award. He co-manages a translation agency and lives in Chicago, Illinois.
Ellery Akers (born 1946) is an American writer, artist, and naturalist living on the coast of Northern California. She is the author of a collection of poems, Knocking on the Earth (Wesleyan University Press, 1989), and an illustrated children's novel, Sarah's Waterfall: A Healing Story About Sexual Abuse (Safer Society Press, 2009). She received a B.A. from Harvard University and an M.A. from San Francisco State University.
Brian Kennedy Conacher (born August 31, 1941 in Toronto, Ontario) was a professional ice hockey player and hockey broadcaster, specializing in colour commentary. He is the son of the legendary Lionel Conacher, who was voted Canada's top athlete for the first half of the century.http://www.histori.ca/sports/conach.html He was educated at Toronto's Upper Canada College.
Fairey was the second son of Sir Charles Richard Fairey, founder of the Fairey Aviation Company. He was educated at Eton and Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Born in Sydney, Max Solling has been a resident of Glebe since 1960. He was educated at Newington College (1955-1959) and the University of Sydney where he was awarded a University Sporting Blue in boxing and was Australian Universities boxing champion. In 1972 he completed his MA on the development of nineteenth-century Glebe and he was a founding editor of the Leichhardt Historical Journal. He is a solicitor and a TAFE teacher.
James Blenk was born in Edenkoben, Rhenish Palatinate, to James and Catherine (née Wigman) Blenk. Born and raised in a Protestant family, he was the youngest of seventeen children and also a twin but his twin brother died at six months. In 1866 he and his family emigrated from Germany and moved to New Orleans, Louisiana, in the United States. His parents died only some weeks later and the orphan James Blenk was brought up in a Catholic family. Converting to Catholicism at age 12, Blenk was baptized at St. Alphonsus Church in 1869 and later confirmed by Archbishop Napoléon-Joseph Perché. After completing his primary education in New Orleans, he entered Jefferson College in Convent and eventually joined the Society of Mary (more commonly known as the Marist Fathers) 1878. He was then sent to the Marist House of Studies in Belley, France, and completed his probationary studies at the novitiate in Lyons before being sent to further his studies at the Catholic University of Ireland in Dublin. While in Ireland, he also taught mathematics at St. Mary's College in Dundalk (1881--1882).
David Palffy (born March 5, 1969) is a Canadian film and television actor of Welsh and Hungarian descent. He has a degree from the University of Calgary. He attended the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, and was cast in Stanley Kubrick's Full Metal Jacket. Palffy has many television/film credits as an actor and as a writer/director. He also has directing/acting stage credits.
U-M athletes have starred in Major League Baseball, the National Football League and National Basketball Association as well as other professional sports. Notable among recent players is Tom Brady of the New England Patriots. Three players have won college football's Heisman Trophy, awarded to the player considered the best in the nation: Tom Harmon (1940), Desmond Howard (1991) and Charles Woodson (1997). Professional golfer John Schroeder and Olympic swimmer Michael Phelps also attended the University of Michigan, with the latter studying Sports Marketing and Management. Phelps also swam competitively for Club Wolverine, a swimming club associated with the university. NHL players Marty Turco, Chris Summers, Brendan Morrison, Jack Johnson, and Michael Cammalleri all played for U-M's ice hockey team. Barry Larkin of the Cincinnati Reds played baseball at the university. Derek Jeter received a baseball scholarship to U-M, but was signed and called up by the New York Yankees before he could play there. In 2011, Meryl Davis and Charlie White win the first gold medal awarded to the United States in ice dancing in the world championship.
John Woodbridge VI was born at Stanton, near Highworth, England, in 1613 to Rev. John Woodbridge V (1582 - 1637) and Sarah Parker. John was sixth in a line of men by the same name--all ministers--the first of whom, Rev. John Woodbridge I, was a follower of John Wycliffe, a 14th-century translator of the Bible. He studied at the University of Oxford, but, objecting to the oath of conformity, left the university and studied privately till 1634, when he immigrated to America. Woodbridge took up lands at Newbury, Massachusetts, where he acted as first town clerk till 19 November 1638. In 1637, 1640 and 1641 he served as deputy to the general court.
Trix Worrell writer, composer and director, was born in St. Lucia in the West Indies in 1960, and came to England at the age of five. As a teenager he worked with the Albany Theatre in South London, where he wrote and directed his first play, School's Out, in 1980. Worrell was educated at the National Film and Television School, where he took up writing, because there were so few good parts for black actors to play.
Eleanor Espling is a Maine politician. She is a Republican member of the Maine House of Representatives representing New Gloucester, Durham and part of Lisbon in Androscoggin and Cumberland counties. She is a member of the Inland Fisheries and Wildlife Committee. Espling resides in New Gloucester with her husband Steve and their four children. She attended Cape Elizabeth High School and the University of Southern Maine, from which she earned an associates degree in Business Administration.
He was born at Barrow-in-Furness, the son of a teacher. He was educated at Sir William Turner's Grammar School, Coatham and Balliol College, Oxford, where he read English. He served with the Rifle Brigade in France from 1942 to 1943, reaching the rank of Captain.
Tudor was the oldest child of William Tudor and Delia Jarvis Tudor. He graduated from Phillips Academy, Andover and received a Bachelors of Arts degree from Harvard College in 1796. Tudor's travels to Europe polished his civility, and it is said that he held George III's interest in conversation long enough to bring complaints from the lord in waiting, who had others to present. Tudor wrote home to his mother from Paris in 1799, at age 20, that he was sending:
Peter Nelson Crossland (born 1937) is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives. Pete Crossland served as a member on Summit County Council for 22 years. He began his first term on County Council as an At-Large Member in 1988. He was then elected as the District 4 representative, serving from 1993 to 2006. District 4 is composed of portions of west, north and central Akron. Prior to his service on Summit County Council, Crossland was as a member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 1973 to 1983. In 1983, he was appointed Assistant Director of the Ohio Department of Youth Services by Governor Richard Celeste. Crossland earned a B.A. from Miami University in 1959. He attained a B.D. from Yale University in 1963 and a Ph.D. from Duke University in 1966. From 1966 to 1995, Crossland was a Professor of Political Science at Kent State University. He is currently a Professor Emeritus of Political Science at Kent State University. While a member of the Ohio House of Representatives, Crossland authored 17 Bills that were enacted into Ohio Law and also served as chairman of the House Finance and Human Service Committees. As a County Councilman, Crossland has championed efforts to establish fiscal stability for the County by pushing through, and then removing a temporary tax. In 2001, he received an Environmental Awareness Award, presented by the Summit Soil and Water Conservation District, for his distinguished leadership on innovative riparian legislation.
Bernays was the third son and fourth and youngest child of a Church of England clergyman who became Rector first of Stanmore, and later (1924) of Finchley, both in North London. He was educated at Rossall School and Worcester College, Oxford where he was president of the Oxford Union in 1925. After university he became a journalist on the Daily News (which became the News Chronicle in 1930 after a series of newspaper mergers), and practiced the profession until entering government, despite occasional clashes with his employers because of the independent line he took in the internal clashes among Liberal factions in the late 1920s and early 1930s. Finding himself dropped by the News Chronicle after it supplanted the Daily News in the summer of 1930, he traveled with the then leader of the Liberal Party in the House of Lords, William Lygon, 7th Earl Beauchamp, to Australia, and thence, alone, to India. The result was his book about Mahatma Gandhi, Naked Fakir (1931; published as Naked Faquir in the United States in 1932).
The Washington Post reported that Chandia graduated from the University of Maryland University College with a bachelor's in information systems management in May 2005, but university spokesman Neil Tickner said there were no university records to confirm his enrollment at this university, and that ``the name 'Ali Asad Chandia' does not show up anywhere in the database. Either his name was spelled differently or he wasn't a student here.''
Father Jonathan DeFelice, O.S.B. is the President of New England's third oldest Catholic college, Saint Anselm College in Goffstown, New Hampshire. Growing up in Bristol, Rhode Island, he graduated from Portsmouth Abbey School in 1965, and then attended Saint Anselm College, earning a bachelors degree in Philosophy in 1969. Seeking to be a monk, he entered Saint Anselm Abbey as a junior, in 1968, professing his solemn vows as a Benedictine monk in 1973. Thereafter, he studied at St. John's Seminary in Boston, and in 1974 was ordained as a Roman Catholic priest. In 1983, DeFelice received a licentiate in canon law from the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome. DeFelice co-founded the Association of Benedictine Colleges and Universities and has served as a board member of the Association of Catholic Colleges and Universities.
Robertson was born in Fountain Green, Utah. One of his earliest instructors was Anthony C. Lund. He studied violin, composition, and public school music at the New England Conservatory and in Europe. He received an MA degree from the University of Utah and a Ph.D from the University of Southern California. He was chairman of the music department at Brigham Young University from 1925 to 1948 and at the University of Utah from 1948 to 1962.
Robert Fowkes was born in Harrison, New York. He received his B.A. in 1934 from New York University (NYU), with majors in German and Latin, and his M.A. from NYU a year later. He held a fellowship at the University of Bonn (1936--37). He received his Ph.D. in 1947 from Columbia University. Fowkes began teaching at NYU in 1938 as an instructor in German. He later became head of the German Department (1957--1968). He retired from NYU in 1978, but continued as Professor Emeritus, lecturing on Avestan, Old Irish, Gothic, Hittite, and other languages, until the 1990s. He also held a Guggenheim Fellowship in Welsh. During World War II he supervised technical research in German, Dutch, Danish, Swedish, Norwegian, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian and Japanese. Later, at NYU he taught Yiddish, Gothic, Old Saxon, Frisian, Old Norse, Scandinavian, Sanskrit as well as German. He was visiting professor of Celtic languages at Columbia University in 1947.
Roy Morales earned a B.A. in psychology from the University of Texas at Dallas and a B.S. in computer science from Chapman University. He also earned a M.S. degree in Space Operations from the Air Force Institute of Technology.
He was the son of Lawrence Hyde and Ann Sybill and the brother of Henry Hyde and Lawrence Hyde, who became attorney-general. Born at Wardour, Hyde was educated at Exeter College, Oxford, entered the Middle Temple and was called to the bar in 1598.
Jason Loewenstein (born July 20, 1971) is an American alternative rock singer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist and a member of the indie-rock bands Sebadoh and The Fiery Furnaces. He grew up in Northampton, Massachusetts, where he attended Northampton High School, and now resides in Brooklyn, New York.
Oscar Cantú was born in Houston, Texas to Mexican immigrants Ramiro and Maria de Jesus Cantú. He is fifth of eight children. His family originally lived in Chicago, Illinois before moving to the South, and is old friends with retired Archbishop Patrick Flores. He attended St. Thomas High School and the University of Dallas, from where he obtained his Bachelor of Arts degree. He also earned a Master of Divinity and of Theological Studies from the University of St. Thomas before traveling to Rome to study at the Pontifical Gregorian University, earning his Licentiate of Sacred Theology.
Greg Dening (1931 -- 13 March 2008) was born in Newcastle, New South Wales. He was educated at the Jesuit School, St Louis in Perth and at Xavier College in Melbourne. He earned an MA from Melbourne University and his PhD from Harvard where his doctoral dissertation was a historical ethnography of the Marquesas Islands. From the late 1960s he became the centre of an ethnographic history school called the 'Melbourne Group'. He taught Sociology and History at La Trobe University, Melbourne and one semester of Anthropology at the University of Hawai'i before being appointed Max Crawford Professor of History at the University of Melbourne in 1971. As Emeritus Professor of History at the University of Melbourne, he was one of Australia's most eminent historians, and one of the preeminent historians and anthropologists of the South Pacific. From 1998 to 2004 he taught ten day graduate workshops at the Centre for Cross-Cultural Research at the Australian National University, Canberra. He died on 13 March 2008 in Hobart. Vanessa Smith, University of Sydney, described ``...his unique gift as a historian, unobtrusively demonstrating that the most acute critical perception is not incommensurate with the deepest appreciation of his subjects`` human circumstances.``
On the television show Gilmore Girls, Rory Gilmore (played by Alexis Bledel) is a member of Branford College. Richard Gilmore (played by Edward Herrmann) is a fictional Branford College alumnus.
Slater Bradley was born and raised in San Francisco, California. He graduated from San Francisco University High School in 1993 and earned a B.A. from the University of California, Los Angeles in 1998.
Hughes graduated with a degree in physical education and history from Muskingum College in New Concord, Ohio, in 1977. He received a master's in education from Miami University in Ohio in 1978. Dan Hughes is is renowned for his abnormally round head, although it is not perfectly spherical, it more resembles a grape or coffee bean.
Willard Livingstone Beard was born in Huntington, Connecticut on February 5, 1865. He enrolled at Oberlin College in 1887, and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in 1891. In 1894 he graduated from Hartford Seminary. In 1894, Beard started missionary work to China. He first began as a missionary for the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions from 1894 to 1904. In 1904, he was released to start a YMCA in Fukien Province (now Fujian), for which he served as general secretary until 1909. In 1910, he returned to the United States, and served as a secretary of the ABCFM in New York City for two years. In 1912, Beard returned to China, and held a position as president of Foochow College until 1927. From 1927 to 1936 he returned to general missionary work in China. And after a brief time home in the United States, Beard served two more years for the ABCFM in Foochow.
Loren Miller was born 1903, in Pender, Nebraska, to John Bird Miller (born a slave), and to Nora Herbaugh. His family moved to Kansas when he was a boy, and he graduated from high school in Highland, Kansas. Later, he attended the University of Kansas; Howard University; and Washburn University, in Topeka, Kansas, where he earned his bachelor of laws degree in 1928. He was admitted to the Kansas bar the same year, and practiced law there before moving to California to pursue his first interest, journalism.
T. Alan Broughton was born in June 1936 in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania. He is a poet, and an amateur pianist. He began teaching writing in 1966 at the University of Vermont until he retired in 2001. He has attended Harvard University, Philips Exeter Academy, and the Juilliard School of Music. He has received degrees from the University of Washington and Swarthmore College.
William Mackergo Taylor (1829 -- 1895) was an American Congregational minister, born at Kilmarnock, Ayrshire, Scotland. He graduated at the University of Glasgow (1849), and at the divinity hall of the United Presbyterian Church, Edinburgh (1852). He was pastor of churches in Britain till 1872 (for 17 years one in Liverpool). He entered the United States where he became pastor of the Broadway Tabernacle (Congregational), in New York till 1893 when a paralytic stroke caused his retirement. He wrote biographies of Rev. Matthew Dickie (1872) and John Knox (1885) and published numerous volumes of sermons and discourses, of which those of a biographical character on Joseph, Moses, David, Elijah, Daniel, and Paul were very popular. He lectured at Yale in 1876 and at Princeton in 1880. He published: The Scottish Pulpit from the Reformation to the Present Day (1887).
Representative Wilson has a husband: Woody, three children: Tad, Gina and Chris, 8 grandchildren and 2 great-grandchildren. Peggy Wilson received her Associate of Science in Nursing from Kirkwood Community College in 1973, received her EMT training from University of Alaska, and graduated from University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in Nursing.
Sukhee Kang (강석희) was born at Yeji-dong near Jongno 5-ga in Seoul, South Korea to merchant parents from the city of Kaesong. He served military draft duty in the Republic of Korea Army from 1973-75 and immigrated to the United States in June 1977 from South Korea after receiving his Bachelor's degree in agricultural economics from Korea University in Seongbuk-gu, Seoul. When he was in a college, he joined the English debating club named Seoul PTC (Pine Tree Club) and served as the president from 1971-72. He received an honorary doctoral degree in Business Administration from Dongseo University in Busan, South Korea in March 2011.
Giuseppe Siri was born in Genoa to Nicolò and Giulia (née Bellavista) Siri; his father was a stevedore. He entered the minor seminary of Genoa on October 16, 1906, and attended the major seminary from 1917 to 1926. Siri then studied at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome, and was ordained to the priesthood by Archbishop Carlo Minoretti on September 22, 1928. Finishing his studies at the Gregorian, he earned his doctorate in theology summa cum laude and also did pastoral work in Rome until autumn 1929.
Aref Ali Nayed was born and raised in Tripoli. He later went to Canada to study at the insistence of his father and received his BS in Engineering from the University of Guelph. At Guelph he became deeply interested in philosophy and in science and stayed on to complete an MA in the Philosophy of Science, and then a PhD in Hermeneutics from the University of Guelph. His doctoral work on operational hermeneutics was published in 2011 by Kalam Research and Media. Pursuing further his academic interests he studied Islamic philosophy and theology at the University of Toronto and then specialised in Christian theology at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome.
Elisha Boyd was born on October 6, 1769, in Berkeley County, Virginia, a son of John Boyd and Sarah Griffith Boyd. His father was one of the early emigrants to the county. He entered Liberty Hall Academy, a predecessor of Washington and Lee University, in 1785, and studied law in the office of Colonel Philip Pendleton. Elisha Boyd helped to establish Martinsburg Academy.
On May 22, 2011, Taj Mahal received an honorary Doctor of Humanities degree from Wofford College in Spartanburg, South Carolina. He also made brief remarks and performed three songs. A video of the performance can be found on the Wofford Commencement 2011 website.
Anna Rubin studied with composers Mel Powell, Earle Brown, Pauline Oliveros, and Paul Lansky, and graduated with a doctorate in composition from Princeton University. After completing her studies, she taught composition at Oberlin College Conservatory of Music. She also taught at Lafayette College and in 2002 took a teaching position at the University of Maryland-Baltimore County.
Dr. Taylor's time as Louisiana Tech president also marked the beginning of Lady Techster athletics. In 1974, Dr. Taylor established the Lady Techsters women's basketball program with a $5,000 appropriation. He hired Sonja Hogg, a 28-year old PE instructor at Ruston High School, as the Lady Techsters' first head coach. Under Coach Hogg and her successor Leon Barmore, the Lady Techsters won three National Championships during the 1980s. In 1980, Dr. Taylor founded the Lady Techster Softball team with Barry Canterbury serving as the team's first head coach. The team made seven straight teams to the NCAA Softball Tournament and three trips to the Women's College World Series during the 1980s.
Manu Tupou was born on Lomaloma, Lau, Fiji Islands. After completing his studies at the University of Hawaii on U.S. government scholarship, He began studying at the University of London on a BBC scholarship. On a summer vacation his girlfriend told him that he fit the description for a casting ad in the local newspaper. When he arrived, casting director Marion Dougherty pulled out a picture she had acquired from the Fiji Visitor Bureau. On a lark, he had posed with Dinah Shore's stand-in, who was in Fiji working on a network Christmas special. The picture became a poster which adorned the wall of the Fiji airport. When Dougherty and director George Roy Hill saw it, they knew they had found their man. When the they asked the Fiji Visitor's Bureau, where can we find this young man, they were told that he was a young man of great importance (as he was part of the royal of family of Tonga and quite noteworthy of a person on the island). The Bureau told them that he was in Hawaii on vacation for school. Dougherty and Hill went off to Hawaii to find this young man. So by the time he arrived at the address in the ad they were expecting him. He auditioned and they both felt they had found their Prince. But Tupou declined as he was starting school in a couple of days.
Stephens was born in Atlanta, Georgia. He was a great-great nephew of Alexander Stephens, a grandson of Clement Anselm Evans and a distant cousin of 19th-century U.S. Supreme Court Justice Robert Cooper Grier. Robert Stephens graduated from Boys High School in 1931. He attended the University of Georgia (UGA) at Athens and obtained a Bachelor of Arts (A.B.) in 1935, a Masters (M.A.) in 1937 and a Bachelor of Laws (LL.B.) in 1941. During his education at UGA, he attended the University of Hamburg in Germany in 1935 and 1936.
Hayford Peirce (born January 7, 1942, Bangor, Maine) is an American writer of science fiction, mysteries, and spy thrillers. He attended Phillips Exeter Academy and received his BA from Harvard College. He has written numerous short stories for the science-fiction magazines Analog, Galaxy, and Omni, as well as mystery shorts for Alfred Hitchcock's Mystery Magazine and Ellery Queen's Mystery Magazine. Most of his stories are light-hearted and satiric in tone, with elements of black humor and occasional surprising grimness.
Basil Radford (25 June 1897 Chester -- 20 October 1952 London) was an English character actor who featured in many British films of the 1930s and 1940s. He trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art and made his first stage appearance in July 1924. He is probably best-remembered for his appearances alongside Naunton Wayne as two cricket-obsessed Englishmen in several films from 1938-1949.
Toni Morrison was born in New Orleans; his mother was the former Corinne Waterman (1921--1959). He grew up in New Orleans but graduated from Allen Military Academy in Bryan, Texas, where he was in the Reserve Officer Training Corps. He earned both undergraduate and law degrees from Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge. Prior to the receipt of his law degree, he studied law part-time while he was living in Buenos Aires for two years. He was Roman Catholic.
Lorenzo Taezaz was born in the Akele Guzaie province of Eritrea, then an Italian colony. One source believes he received his earliest education in Italian schools in Asmara and Keren, although Bahru Zewde believes he studied at the Swedish mission school in Asmara. Following a chance meeting with Ras Taferi Makonnen (the later Emperor Haile Selassie), he received a scholarship to study in France, and spent eight years at the University of Montpellier, where he received his doctorate in Law. On returning to Ethiopia, he served in the Ministry of Justice, and was a member of the Anglo-Ethiopian Boundary Commission which demarcated Ethiopia's borders with former British Somaliland, and that later investigated the causes of the Walwal Incident of 1934. Lorenzo is said to have seen action at the Battle of Maychew in 1936. He literally followed Emperor Haile Selassie's departure from Ethiopia, riding on the next train to Djibouti, along with three Swedish officers, most of the ministers and other notables of the Imperial court.
Philip Harmer is an Australian Architect. He graduated from the University of Melbourne with a Bachelors Degree in Architecture in 1976, and became a Fellow of the Royal Australian Institute of Architects (RAIA). Harmer has a strong appreciation for sculptural form and space that are powerfully shaped or wrought; thus, his masterpieces display the cleverness of how certain materials and details are used to represent his individual persona.
Troy Wilson attended Pittsburg State University from 1989 to 1992, helping Pittsburgh State win the 1991 NCAA Division II national championship.
Will Owen (1869 Malta - 14 April 1957) was an English book illustrator, cartoonist, caricaturist and a commercial and poster artist, possibly best known for his iconic images of the Bisto Kids, Bovril, Lux and Lifebuoy. He received his art training at the Lambeth School of Art, and evolved a style similar to that of Tom Browne and John Hassall.
Mark C. Hunter was born in Grand Falls-Windsor, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. He earned his BA Hons and MA in History in the Department of History, Memorial University of Newfoundland, and his PhD in History at the University of Hull, United Kingdom.
Although they owned their own home, Frank McKetta and his family struggled during the Great Depression, when tragedy struck in 1936 with the death of Frank's father in a mining accident. His mother was left alone to raise the family during this economic struggle. The family survived with the help of a cow that was kept in a shed along with a pig and some chickens. They all helped keeping up a garden and during Frank's younger years, they had no outside form of income. Frank McKetta was lucky to be a part of a family in which all of the children received high school education at this time in history. He attended South Huntingdon High School which is now known as Yough High School. After high school only one of his sisters went to college. Frank McKetta chose to work along with family members at the McKetta Coal Company until he saved enough money to enter into the police academy. After saving enough money, he entered the Police Academy in Hershey, Pennsylvania on September 1, 1937. His career as a trooper started when he was first assigned in Luzerne County, where he was able to see first-hand the signs of corruption in the law enforcement. He later attended Indiana University, in Bloomington, Indiana, to take a summer course in 1963 on Advanced Police Management.
Hamid Ahmadieh was born in Tehran but spent his early life in Yazd, Iran since his father had a career as a physician there. He received his diploma in Natural Sciences from Iranshahr High School in 1971 getting the first rank in the whole country. Ahmadieh obtained his M.D. degree from Tehran University of Medical Sciences in 1978. Then he did residency in ophthalmology at Farabi Eye Hospital from 1979 to 1982. Afterwards, he started a vitreoretinal fellowship at Labbafinejad Medical Center, Shahid Beheshti University of Medical Sciences in 1984 and finished it in 1986.
Feng Yuanjun was born into a family of wealthy literati. She was educated at the Women's Higher Normal School in Beijing from 1917 to 1922 and participated in the May Fourth Movement during this time. After her graduation from the Women's School, she entered Peking University as a graduate student of classical Chinese literature. She graduated from Peking University with an M.A. degree in 1925. After that she held teaching appointments at Jinling University in Nanjing and Zhongfa University in Beijing. In 1930, she was appointed as one of the first female professors at Peking University. From 1932 to 1935, she worked on a doctoral thesis on classical Chinese literature at the Universite de Paris in France. During the Second Sino-Japanese War, Feng Yuanjun and her husband Lu Kanru lived and worked in various location in southern and south-western China. After the war, she returned with Dongbei University to Shenyang. In 1946, she joined Shandong University, then located in Qingdao, and later moved with the university to Jinan. She held her appointment with Shandong University until the end of her career and eventually served as a vicepresident of the university. During the Cultural Revolution, she was prosecuted as a ``reactionary scholar''. She died of colon cancer in 1974, before the end of the Cultural Revolution.
Sulaiman Baba Timbo (born 1938 in Rokulan, Sanda Tendaren, Bombali District, Sierra Leone) is a former student of 'The Bo School', a graduate of Durham University (currently Fourah Bay College, University of Sierra Leone) and a former student union Leader. Timbo speaks French, English, Krio, Themne and Fula. He has served in various capacities in the Foreign Ministry in Sierra Leone and worked with UNESCO in Paris, Dakar and Nairobi. He was Sierra Leone's first Ambassador to Saudi Arabia and the Gulf states, and later Ambassador plenipotentiary to the BENELUX countries, France and the European Union. He is married with children and is retired.
James L. Fitzgerald is an Indologist at Brown University. He studied at the University of Chicago, receiving his B.A. in 1971, his M.A. in Sanskrit in 1974 and his Ph.D. in Sanskrit and South Asian Civilizations in 1980. At Chicago he studied primarily with J. A. B. van Buitenen. From 1978 Fitzgerald joined the Department of Religious Studies at the University of Tennessee. In 2007 he was appointed Purandara Das Distinguished Professor of Sanskrit in the Department of Classics, Brown University.
William Warwick Buckland was educated in France, at Hurstpierpoint College and the Crystal Palace School of Engineering. He entered Caius College, Cambridge in 1881, graduating in 1884 with a first in the Law Tripos. Elected a Fellow of Caius, he remained a Cambridge academic for the remainder of his life. In 1920 he became a Fellow of the British Academy. He received honorary degrees from the universities of Oxford, Edinburgh (1922), Harvard (1929), Lyon, Louvain and Paris. Among his most famous works on Roman Law is A Textbook of Roman Law from Augustus to Justinian, the most important and valuable treatise on the subject yet published in Britain, and a standard text ever since.
Frank Schaffer Besson, Jr., CBE (May 30, 1910--July 15, 1985) was born on May 30, 1910 in Detroit, Michigan. His father was a West Point graduate and an officer in the Corps of Engineers. Frank S. Besson, Jr. graduated seventh in his class from the United States Military Academy in 1932. In 1935, he received a master's degree from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. His early career was noted for the role he played in the development of portable military pipelines, steel landing mats for airplanes, and steel treadway bridges. He is credited with the studies leading to the Army 's adoption of the Bailey Bridge, used extensively in all theaters in World War II.
Patricia Diaz Dennis was born in Santa Rita, New Mexico on October 2, 1946, the daughter of Porfirio Madrid Diaz and Mary Romero. She attended the University of California, Los Angeles, graduating with an A.B. in 1970. She then attended Loyola Law School and received a J.D. in 1973.
In December 2008, David Sedaris received an honorary doctorate from Binghamton University.
Mike Bullen was born on 13 January 1960 in Bramhall, Cheshire, England. His father, Alex, was a chemical engineer and his mother, Joan, a housewife. Bullen was raised with his sister Jane in Solihull, where he attended Solihull School. At the age of 18 he was accepted to Magdalene College, Cambridge to read economics. He did not enjoy the subject, so switched to history of art. Despite his public school background, Bullen felt out of place at Cambridge among students who did not come from the urban West Midlands, later stating that ``Half the students were debutantes who spent a lot of time brushing their hair; the other half ended up working in Sotheby's.'' His first experiences of writing came when he was a child and wrote a newspaper for his neighbours. At Cambridge, he dramatised a Johann Wolfgang von Goethe novel.
Denise Pirrotti Hummel, J.D., is a cross cultural thought leader and the founder and chief executive officer of Universal Consensus, a global consulting firm specializing in cross cultural consulting and training services for multinational companies. She is a member of the U.S. State Department Speaker & Specialist Program. She earned a BA degree in psychology in 1983, from Columbia University, Barnard College, New York. She earned her ``Juris Doctor'' in 1987, from American University, Washington College of Law, Washington, D.C.
Friedrich Alfred Kahnert was an economist. Born November 12, 1925, in Phoebels Prussia on a farm, he escaped the Nazi invasion with his family. He graduated from New York University 1957 as an Economics Major; hiis first major employment came from the OEEC (later known as OECD). He left OECD as Vice President in 1976, to accept a position by the World Bank in 1976. Kahnert retired after 11 years from the World Bank as a Senior Economist. He died March 12, 2002.
Charles E. Anderson earned a bachelor of science degree in Chemistry in 1941 from Lincoln University and received high accolades as he graduated third in his class. Lincoln University was also the place where he met his wife-to-be, Marjorie Anderson. Upon graduating, World War II had begun and enlisted in U.S. Army Air Forces.He was assigned to the meteorology division and Anderson claims that this came about due to the process of elimination. The Army sent him, along with 150 other cadets to the University of Chicago to study meteorology. While there along with an exceptionally heavy academic course load, Anderson also underwent physical training, weapons training, and specific training in military intelligence. Anderson completed this training in May 1943 and earned his meteorological certification. Upon finishing, he was stationed in Tuskegee, Alabama where he was assigned as a weather officer for the 332nd Fighter Group now known as the Tuskegee Airmen. After his service in Tuskegee, Anderson became a squadron weather officer and trained fighter pilots across the country.
Elizabeth Jones was a 1953 graduate of the Montclair Kimberley Academy (formerly the Kimberley School until 1974) and received their 1985 Distinguished Alumni Award.
Mick Ebeling was raised in a family of entrepreneurs and philanthropists, son of Marge and Les Ebeling. He was born in Long Beach, California and raised in Phoenix, Arizona where he attended Brophy College Preparatory. He went onto play basketball for the Air Force Academy, Colorado before he transferred to University of California, Santa Barbara where he graduated in 1992 with a degree in political science. Mick is married to Caskey Ebeling, an American filmmaker and screenwriter, they have three children: Angus, Bo Jameson, and Trace. Caskey is a partner of The Ebeling Group and co-founder of The Not Impossible Foundation. The Ebelings`` document the creation of the EyeWriter that began in the living room of their Venice Beach home in a documentary titled ``Getting Up''.
Dan Nichols was born in 1969 in Indiana. He attended Pike Township Schools in Indianapolis. He and his parents converted to Judaism when he was 7, and he attended Indianapolis Hebrew Congregation and camped at Goldman Union in Zionsville, Indiana. He lives in Raleigh, North Carolina with his wife Elysha. Nichols is an alum of the University of North Carolina where he received a bachelor's degree in music in 1992.
A. Y. G. Campbell and was educated at the Westminster School and Trinity College, Cambridge. Archibald Young Gipps Campbell appears to have inherited much of his father's talent for mathematics. After going up to Westminster School, he won a scholarship to Trinity College, Cambridge, where he went on to become a Smith's Prizeman and Tyson Medallist, passing out 9th in the mathematics tripos, and particularly distinguishing himself for his work in cosmology. His undergraduate dissertation on the Theory of the Composition of the Stars was so outstanding that on the strength of it he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society and a member of the French Astronomical Society. Sir Robert Ball, then Lowndean Professor of Astronomy at Cambridge, included his work in his lectures and described him as one of the most brilliant mathematicians of his time.
The orchestra has been in continuous existence since its formation in 1944. Many of the early members of the orchestra left Oak Ridge at the end of World War II, so professional musicians began to be hired to augment the amateur volunteers. Virtuoso violinist Isaac Stern appeared with the orchestra as a soloist in 1948 as a favor to Cohn, who was an old friend. Other early soloists included Percy Grainger, Yaltah Menuhin, Nadia Reisenberg, Samuel Sanders, and Albert Spalding. In more recent years, soloists have included U.S. Senator Lamar Alexander, water percussionist David Cossin, and virtuoso bassist Edgar Meyer, a graduate of Oak Ridge High School.
He was the son of Thomas Winston, a carpenter, of Painswick, Gloucestershire, and his wife Judith, daughter of Roger Lancaster of Hertfordshire. He graduated M.A. at Clare Hall, Cambridge in 1602, and continued a fellow of that college till 1617. He then studied medicine at Padua, where he attended the lectures of Fabricius ab Aquapendente, and at Basle, where he became a pupil of Caspar Bauhin. He graduated M.D. at Padua, and was incorporated M.D. at Cambridge in 1608.
He attended Aberdeen Grammar School, as did Lord Byron, who was some years younger; he spent 1795-8 at Marischal College, but left without graduating. When Byron published an account of his marriage in 1816, Scott called this publication indelicacy; Leigh Hunt quarreled with him over this.
Andrew Cowper was born in Bingara, New South Wales, on 16 November 1898, the fifth child of Henry Percival Cowper, a surveyor, and his Channel Islander wife Amy Fraser (née Farquhar). Cowper was a descendant of poet William Cowper and colonial administrator Philip Gidley King. He was educated in England at Eastbourne College in Sussex, graduating in 1916.
Alex Higdon (born September 9, 1966) is a former American football tight end. He played college football at Ohio State University and professional football in the National Football League with the Atlanta Falcons for two years.
Windeyer was born in Sydney, into a legal family: his father, William Archibald Windeyer, was a Sydney solicitor, his uncle, Richard Windeyer, was a King's Counsel, his grandfather, William Charles Windeyer, was twice Attorney-General of New South Wales and Judge of the Supreme Court of New South Wales, and his great-grandfather, Sir Richard Windeyer, was a barrister and member of the first elected Parliament of New South Wales, sitting in the New South Wales Legislative Council. Windeyer studied at Sydney Grammar School and later at the University of Sydney, from where he graduated with a Master of Arts and a Bachelor of Laws in 1922. He also won the university's Medal in History.
Ian Balding (born November 7, 1938 in the United States) emigrated with his family to England in 1945. He is the son of the polo player and racehorse trainer Gerald Barnard Balding, Sr. and the younger brother of trainer Toby Balding. Kingsclere became his home at the age of 26 and it is here that earned his reputation as an internationally respected trainer. Balding was educated at Marlborough College and Millfield school in Somerset.
His college-level education in liberal arts and sciences started in 1967 at Carleton College, Northfield, MN, where he earned his bachelor's degree in 1971. From 1973-77, he studied pharmacy sciences, child & adolescent development, and epidemiology in the Graduate School of the University of Minnesota, where he earned the Master of Science (1975) and Doctor of Philosophy degrees (1977). He then received a National Institute of Mental Health postdoctoral research fellowship award to study psychopathology, psychiatric epidemiology and biostatistics with Professors Ernest M. Gruenberg and Morton Kramer at Johns Hopkins. His faculty and professional appointments have been: Instructor (UMinn, 1972--1977); Postdoctoral Research Fellow (JHU, 1977--78); Assistant Professor (JHU, 1978--1984); Associate Professor (JHU, 1985--1989); Professor with Tenure (JHU, 1990--2003); Professor with Tenure (MSU, 2003--present). In 2006, he was appointed as 'Professor Honorario' at Universidad Peruana Cayetano Heredia (UPCH) in Lima, Peru; the UPCH School of Public Health has hosted his active NIH-funded epidemiology research training program since May 2000.
After his separation from Lang, Cooper was briefly linked with actress Raquel Welch. Cooper then reportedly left Welch, however, to marry, on March 20, 1976, ballerina instructor/choreographer Sheryl Goddard, who performed in the Alice Cooper show from 1975 to 1982. In November 1983, at the height of Cooper's alcoholism, Sheryl filed for divorce, but by mid-1984, she and Cooper had reconciled. The couple has remained together since. In a 2002 television interview, Cooper claimed that he had ``never cheated'' on his wife in all the time they had been together. In the same interview, he also claimed that the secret to a lasting and successful relationship is to continue going out on dates with your partner. The couple have three children: elder daughter Calico Cooper (born 1981), an actress and singer who has been performing in the Alice Cooper show since 2000; son Dash (b. 1985), a student at Arizona State University, and also plays in a band called Runaway Phoenix; and younger daughter Sonora Rose (b. 1993).
Francois Croes (11 October 1990) is a football (soccer) player and member of the Aruba national football team. He has 3 caps for national team. His playing position is left back. During the fall semester of fall 2009, he studied abroad at the University of South Carolina.
He was born in Egmont Bay, Prince Edward Island, the son of Peter Gallant and Eleanor Arsenault. Gallant was educated at Prince of Wales College and then received a teaching license from Mount Allison University. He taught school in Urbainville and was a school principal in Tignish. Gallant served as a pilot in the Royal Canadian Air Force during World War II. In 1943, he married Marcella, the daughter of Joseph Alphonse Bernard. They had seven (7) children. The oldest, Peter Gallant, was born in Vancouver British Columbia. From there they had five children (Michael, Carroll, John, Robert and Patrick) all born in Prince Edward Island. Their youngest, Richard Gallant, was born in Jonquiere, Quebec. He returned to Mount Allison University and then studied law at Dalhousie University. He set up practice in Summerside. Gallant ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the provincial assembly in 1951, losing to J. Wilfred Arsenault. He was first elected to the provincial assembly in an 1954 by-election held after Arsenault resigned his seat. He served as speaker from 1956 to 1958. After he retired from politics, Gallant was a high school principal in Bagotville, Quebec. Twenty years later, he returned to Prince Edward Island, practising law at Alberton from 1979 to 1996. Gallant died in Summerside at the age of 77.
Alan Khazei is the son of an Iranian-American surgeon and an Italian-American nurse. He was born in Pittsburgh and grew up in the Boston area and in Bedford, New Hampshire. In 1979, he graduated from St. Paul's School in Concord, New Hampshire, where he was president of his graduating class. He graduated from Harvard College with honors in 1983 and in 1987 from Harvard Law School, where he was a member of the Harvard Legal Aid Bureau.
The army selected Frank Capra to head the effort to create morale films that were designed to build enthusiasm for war purposes. Capra was an immigrant from Sicily, who began his career in Hollywood working on humorous short films. However, he went on to create many well-known films that made it big in the box office. In March 1942, Capra began brainstorming The Negro Soldier. He asked different researchers to inform him about what was okay and not okay when it came to creating a cinematic depiction of African Americans. These researchers came up with a list of cautions, some of which included ``avoid stereotypes such as the Negroes`` alleged affinity for watermelon or pork; also avoid strong images of racial identity (''play down colored soldiers more Negroid in appearance`` and omit ''Lincoln, emancipation, or any race leaders or friends of the Negro``)''. With these cautions in mind, the writer Marc Connelly created the first script for The Negro Soldier, with the same sympathetic treatment for Negro themes that he had used in his earlier work, The Green Pastures. Connelly's first script ended up being too dramatic for the Army's tastes. In response, Ben Hecht and Jo Swerling prepared a second draft of the movie; however, it too was rejected because the Army insisted the movie be more of a documentary. Ultimately, Carlton Moss was hired to write the movie and Stuart Heisler became director. Moss attended Columbia University and worked for the Federal Theater Project. Both Moss and Heisler worked very well together.
Mark Denney (born 25 January 1975) is a former rugby union footballer who played at centre for Bristol, Castres, Wasps and Cambridge University. He also attended Bedford Modern School
Patricia Battin was born to Emanuel Albert and Josephine (Lehman) Meyer on June 2, 1929 in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. She attended Swarthmore College from 1947--1951 and received a B.A. in English. The following year, she attended the University of Minnesota to pursue American Studies. In 1964, Battin began her career in library services as an intern at the State University of New York at Binghamton. While continuing her work at Binghamton, she attended classes at Syracuse University, and in 1967, Battin earned an M.S. in Library Science. With her library degree, Battin was promoted from Library Trainee to Assistant Librarian, and from 1967--1974, she continued to move through the ranks at SUNY-Binghamton, holding the titles Assistant Librarian for Cataloging and Assistant Director for Reader Services.
He was one of the sons of Sir Peter Wyche and brother of Sir Cyril Wyche. He was educated at Exeter College, Oxford (matriculated 1643), Queens College, Cambridge (BA 1645) and Trinity Hall, Cambridge (MA 1648) and was admitted to the Inner Temple in 1649. He was knighted in 1660. In May 1663 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society.
Gerald Bowden also represented Dulwich on the Greater London Council 1977-81. He is an honours graduate in Jurisprudence from Magdalen College, Oxford; was called to the bar at Grays Inn and qualified as a chartered surveyor at University of Reading (formerly the College of Estate Management), practising part-time in these professions. He held an academic appointment as a principal lecturer in the law of property at London South Bank University (formerly South Bank Polytechnic) from 1971 - 1984. On leaving Parliament he took up an academic appointment and resumed practise at the bar.
Redmond O'Toole is an Irish classical guitarist. He is amongst a handful of musicians performing on a Brahms guitar. His former teachers include Oscar Ghiglia, Paul Galbraith, Graham Devine and John Feeley. He studied at the Dublin Institute of Technology and the Accademia Musicale Chigiana in Siena.
Rick Gibson (born 1951) is a Canadian sculptor and artist. He was born in Montreal, Quebec and he studied Psychology at the University of Victoria. Between 1973 and 1974 he drew weekly comics for the student newspaper. After completing his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1974 he moved to Vancouver, Canada. He lived in London, England from 1983 to 1989. He received a Master of Science degree in Interactive Art and Technology from SIAT in 2004.
Tor Hagfors was born in Oslo in 1930. He studied at the Norwegian Institute of Technology (NTH), and he received his doctorate degree in 1959 from the University of Oslo. He worked at the Norwegian Defence Research Establishment from 1955 to 1963, interrupted by a sabbatical at Stanford University from 1959 to 1960. He was employed at the Lincoln Laboratory in Lexington, Massachusetts in two periods, from 1963 to 1967 and from 1969 to 1971. From 1967 to 1969 he was director of the Jicamarca Radio Observatory in Lurigancho, outside Lima, Peru. He was lecturing electrical engineering at NTH from 1973 to 1982, and in the period from 1975 to 1982 he also served as director of EISCAT, when the organization's facilities in northern Scandinavia were constructed.
Brigadier General Douglas Gordon Cunningham (RMC 1929) CBE DSO ED QC was born in Kingston, Ontario (ON). He was the son of Arthur Breden Cunningham and Katherine (Gordon) Cunningham of Kingston. He was educated at Kingston Collegiate, Upper Canada College in Toronto, Ontario. He graduated from the Royal Military College of Canada in Kingston, Ontario in 1929. He studied at Osgoode Law School, University of Toronto, from 1930 to 1933, where he was a member of The Kappa Alpha Society.
Dan Druen attended the University of the District of Columbia, receiving degrees in Political Science and Mortuary Science.
Dr Mark Allinson (b. 1967) is a member of the University of Bristol's Department of German. He studied French and German at the University of Salford, graduating in 1990 when he completed a teacher training course in modern languages at the then Manchester Polytechnic before beginning PhD work on the GDR at University College London under the supervision of Professor Mary Fulbrook. He has lectured in German at the University of Bristol since 1994, and has published a number of books including Politics and Popular Opinion in East Germany, 1945-68 and Germany and Austria 1814-2000 among others. He offers a broad variety of undergraduate and postgraduate courses concerned with the recent history of Germany, the collapse of Communism in Europe and contemporary European politics.
Papachristidis was born and raised in New York City. He currently resides in Manhattan where his design firm, Alex Papachristidis Interiors is based. He attended Skidmore College, after which he worked for two years in his family's shipping business before deciding to pursue a career in interior design. Papachristidis enrolled in Parsons School of Design. While still a student he was given his first commission, launching his professional career.
After his debut in 1992 in Carnegie Hall, Anders Paulsson has performed hundreds of concerts as a soprano saxophone soloist worldwide. He is probably the first musician in the world to have a solo career as a classical soprano saxophonist with the focus on commissioning new music from living composers. He played at the Glasperlenspiel Music Festival in 2008.
Thomas M. Schoewe (born 1952) is currently the chief financial officer and executive vice president of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.. He has been with the company since taking his positions in January 2000. Prior to joining Wal-Mart he was with Black and Decker where he held the same positions of CFO and executive vice president from 1993-1999. He attended Loyola University Chicago where he graduated with a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in finance.
Kenneth Langone was born in Roslyn Heights, New York to working-class parents; his father was a plumber and his mother a cafeteria worker. As a student at Bucknell University, Langone worked various blue collar jobs as a butcher's assistant, a caddy and a ditch digger. While at Bucknell, Langone became a member of Sigma Chi. After graduating in three and a half years, Langone headed back to New York, this time to Manhattan instead of Roslyn Heights. While working full-time during the day, Langone attended New York University Stern School of Business at night. That part-time evening program now bears his name, and is known as the ``Langone Program'' at NYU.
Gwendoline Butler (b. 1922, South London) is a writer of mystery fiction credited for inventing the ``woman's police procedural'' and known for her series of Inspector John Coffin novels. She has also published a series featuring female detective Charmian Daniels under the pseudonym Jennie Melville. Butler read history at Lady Margaret Hall, Oxford and later lectured there; her husband, the historian Lionel Butler, Fellow of All Souls and Principal of Royal Holloway College, died in 1992.
Sam C. Sarkesian was known among the members of the IUS as the embodiment of the soldier-scholar, serving in the armed forces for twenty-two years. His service in the U.S. Armed Forces began as an enlisted member of the constabulary force in Germany after the end of World War II. He returned to the U.S. to study at The Citadel. After Graduation with honors, he was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in the U.S. Army and became one of the first men to join the 10th Special Forces, led by the legendary Aaron Bank operating behind the iron curtain. In this capacity he also served on an island above the 38th parallel on the west coast of North Korea during the Korean War. Sarkesian's experiences in the Korean War were formative in the development of his ideas concerning the opportunities and limitations of unconventional warfare. He then joined the 11th Airborne Division for service in Germany and the First Infantry Division in Vietnam. He Then taught in the Social Sciences department of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point. Sarkesian's personal decorations include the Bronze Star with Combat V Device and Oak Leaf Cluster, the Legion of Merit, and the Army Commendation Medal. He was one of the last combat infantry men to receive glider qualification and was a master parachutist with 85 jumps. He received his doctorate from Columbia University in political science. After returning to Chicago he met Morris Janowitz, the founder of IUS, who handpicked Sarkesian to be the next IUS president. He served for five years(1982--1989). He was awarded the Morris Janowitz Career Achievement Award in 2005 by the IUS.
George Van Horn Moseley, Jr. was born in Fort Sam Houston, Texas on January 4, 1905, the son of George Van Horn Moseley and Alice Dodds Moseley. His father, then an officer in the 1st Cavalry Division, later rose to become a Major General and Vice Chief of Staff of the Army during the Hoover Administration. Colonel Moseley grew up on Army posts and in Washington DC, where he graduated from Western High School in 1922. He graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1927, He subsequently served on various assignments, obtained a Masters Degree, taught English at West Point and served in Tientsin, China as a Company Commander with the 15th Infantry Regiment during the 1930s. He commanded, trained and jumped into Normandy with the 502d Parachute Infantry Regimenthttp://101airborneww2.com/index.html on D-Day 1944. , June 6, 1944. He was injured on the jump but refused to be evacuated, commanding his regiment from a wheelbarrow for two days. After convalescing in England, he returned to the United States to command the 2d Parachute Training Regiment at Fort Benning, Georgia. He attended the Naval War College at the end of World War II.
Daniel Kirkpatrick (born 28 November 1988 in Napier, New Zealand) is a professional rugby player who plays for Hawke's Bay in the Air New Zealand Cup and the Blues in the Super 14. He also played for New Zealand under 20 who won the World Cup in 2007. He was educated at Napier Boys' High School from 2002-2006. Kirkpatrick cites Perry Gordon as his mentor.
Originally from Marcy Houses, a housing project in the Bedford-Stuyvesant neighborhood of Brooklyn in New York City, the future ``Jay-Z'' then known as Shawn Carter, was abandoned by his father and in 1982, he shot his brother in the shoulder for stealing his jewelry. Carter attended Eli Whitney High School in Brooklyn, along with future rapper AZ, until it was closed down. After that he attended George Westinghouse Career and Technical Education High School in Downtown Brooklyn, with fellow future rappers The Notorious B.I.G. and Busta Rhymes, and Trenton Central High School in Trenton, New Jersey, but did not graduate. In his music he refers to having been involved in selling crack cocaine.
His uncle, Dr. Joshua Clayton, was a former Governor of Delaware and his cousin, Thomas Clayton, was a prominent lawyer, U.S. Senator, and jurist. John M. Clayton studied at Berlin, Maryland and Milford, Delaware when his parents moved there. He graduated from Yale University in 1815, studied law at the Litchfield Law School, and in 1819 began the practice of law in Dover, Delaware.
Don Suggs was born in Fort Worth, Texas and grew up in San Diego. He received a B.A. in 1969 from University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), having studied psychology, film, and art. He received both an M.A. in 1971 and an M.F.A. in 1972 from UCLA.
Justus Doolittle was born in Rutland, New York on June 23, 1824. In 1846 he graduated from Hamilton College, and in 1849 from Auburn Theological Seminary. Having deliberately chosen China as his field of labor, he sailed for Fuhchau with his wife soon after graduation, and arrived there on May 31. In February, 1864, he left China for a visit to the United States on account of his health. In 1872 he entered the service of the Presbyterian Board at Shanghai, but was soon compelled to return home disabled. On June 15, 1880, he died in Clinton, New York.
Lynne Hermle (born 1956) is an attorney and partner in the Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP in Menlo Park, California, USA. Hermle earned a B.A. in Physical Anthropology from the University of California, Santa Barbara, a J.D. from the University of California Hastings College of Law. Hermle represented all four plaintiffs in Varian v. Delfino a SLAPP case that generated more than 10,000 billable hours. She is listed in the 2005 edition of Marquis Who's Who.
Kracht was born in Saanen. His father, Christian Kracht Sr., was chief representative for the Axel Springer publishing company in the 1960s. Kracht attended Schule Schloss Salem in Baden and Lakefield College School in Ontario, Canada. He graduated from Sarah Lawrence College, New York, in 1989.
Rice was the son of Methodist minister John Andrew Rice, Sr. and Annabelle Smith, who was from a prominent South Carolina family. He was born in Lynchburg, South Carolina and attended The Webb School, a highly regarded boarding school located in Bell Buckle, Tennessee, where he met the teacher he would revere all his life, John Webb. Rice then attended Tulane University, graduating with a Bachelor of Arts degree, then won a Rhodes Scholarship to Oxford University. After graduating from Oxford he married Nell Aydelotte and began teaching at Webb School, but left after a year to pursue doctoral studies at the University of Chicago, which he never completed, securing a faculty position at the University of Nebraska, where he proved himself brilliant in the classroom and in counseling students. His teaching methods were aimed at accelerating the student's emotional and intellectual maturity, rather than encouraging a reliance on a store of subject knowledge.
William Moseley Jones was raised in Las Vegas, Nevada. He attended Occidental College and received a law degree from the University of Southern California in 1927. After practicing law in Los Angeles for five years, Jones was elected to represent the 51st Assembly District (Montebello) in 1932. In the 1936 elections, California Democrats gained their first Assembly majority in the 20th Century and elected Jones as Speaker for the 1937 session.
Francesco Roberti was born in Pergola to Terenzio and Giuseppina (née Profili) Roberti. He was baptized on the very day of his birth. After entering the minor seminary of Pesaro in 1899, he received the clerical tonsure on December 26, 1901. Roberti studied at the Pontifical Roman Seminary before being ordained to the priesthood on August 3, 1913.
Sir William George Dismore Upjohn, surgeon, was born in 1888 at Narrabri, New South Wales, son of Australian-born parents George Dismore Upjohn, watchmaker, and his wife Jane, née McKenzie. Upjohn was educated at Wesley College, Melbourne and the University of Melbourne, graduating M.B., 1909; B.S., 1910; M.D., 1912; M.S., 1913.
Patrick Amory was born in New York City on July 10, 1965 to literary parents. His father, the late Hugh Amory, was noted as the most ``rigorous'' and ``methodologically sophisticated'' historian of the book in early America. He attended the Commonwealth School in Boston, Massachusetts.
Julian Roberts was educated at King Edward's School, Birmingham and Magdalen College, Oxford, where he started reading Classics, but switched to English in his first year.
Colin McComb (born May 1970) is an American writer and game designer born in Evanston, Illinois. He is married to musician Robin Moulder. They currently live in Grosse Pointe Park, Michigan, with their two children. He has a degree in Philosophy from Lake Forest College, from which he graduated in 1991.
Chris Phoenix (born December 25, 1970) is the co-founder (with Mike Treder) and Director of Research of the Center for Responsible Nanotechnology (CRN), and has worked in the field of advanced nanotechnology for over 15 years. He obtained his BS in Symbolic Systems and MS in Computer Science from Stanford University in 1991. Since 2000, he has studied and written about molecular manufacturing. Phoenix, who lives in Miami, Florida, is a published author in nanotechnology and nanomedical research best known for his peer-reviewed paper, ``Design of a Primitive Nanofactory'', as well as his comprehensive outline of Thirty Essential Nanotechnology Studies. Phoenix has authored or co-authored many papers and essays published by the Society in connection with his work for CRN.
Mark Musa is a graduate of Rutgers University (B.A., 1956), the University of Florence (as Fulbright Scholar 1956-1958), and the Johns Hopkins University (M.A., 1959; Ph.D., 1961). He is a former Guggenheim fellow and the author of a number of books and articles. Best known for his translations of the Italian classics (Dante and the poetry of the Middle Ages), he is Distinguished Professor Emeritus of French and Italian at Indiana University. Mr. Musa has also translated and edited The Portable Dante and, with Peter Bondanella, The Portable Machiavelli, both published with Penguin Books.
Steve Rodriguez was born and raised in New Jersey where he first started skateboarding in 1983, and he earned a B.A. in Marketing from Marietta College in 1993. He lives in Greenwich Village with his wife, Hiroko. When not skateboarding or running his business, Steve and Hiroko enjoy surfing at Rockaway Beach.
Annenberg's children (Lauren, Gregory and Charles) serve on the board of trustees of the Annenberg Foundation. They bring to the table their own interests. Ms. Bon, an artist, directs The Metabolic STudio at the intersection of art and philanthropy . Gregory Weingarten is a painter, Paris resident, and American Friend of the Paris Opera and Ballet. Charles Annenberg Weingarten, a graduate of Duke University and USC Film School, has launched explore.org, a philanthropic community whose mission is to champion the selfless acts of others, to create a portal into the soul of humanity and to inspire lifelong learning.Despite the majority of her fathers multi billion dollar fortune having been bequeathed to the Annenberg Foundation, sources indicate she has individual net worth of 500 million dollars.
Geoffrey Cox was educated at King's College, Taunton, and Downing College, Cambridge, where he read Law and Classics. He was called to Bar at the Middle Temple in 1982, following which he practiced as a barrister. He co-founded Thomas More Chambers in 1992 and served as its Head of Chambers. He was appointed a Queen's Counsel in 2003.
Raised on East 23rd Street and Third Avenue in Manhattan, New York City, New York, Chic Stone studied at the School of Industrial Art (renamed the High School of Art and Design), and the Works Projects Administration School, the latter under cartoonist Chuck Thorndyke. He broke into comics in 1939, at age 16, apprenticing with the comic-book packager Eisner & Iger. In the 1940s, he worked on the original Captain Marvel for Fawcett Comics, and Boy Comics for Lev Gleason Publications. For Timely Comics, the 1940s predecessor of Marvel Comics, he contributed to Blonde Phantom Comics, ``Eustis Hayseed'' in Joker Comics; and ``Jeep Jones'' in All Select Comics and Kid Komics.
Xiang Lanxin Professor of International History and Politics at the Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies of Geneva. Professor Xiang obtained his PHD at The Johns Hopkins University.
The British novelist Jack Common attended Skerry's College, Newcastle.
David Dorfman (born February 7, 1993) is an American teen actor. His most notable role was as Aidan Keller in the 2002 horror film remake The Ring, and its 2005 sequel The Ring Two. He has also appeared in the 2000 film Panic as Sammy. Some people may remember him as the character ``Charles Wallace Murry'' in the film version of A Wrinkle in Time. In 2008, Dorfman appeared in the film Drillbit Taylor. He will be co-starring, along with Thomas Haden Church in Zombie Roadkill. Dorfman is also currently a student at UCLA (University of California, Los Angeles).
His parents were Michelle Tisseyre, the first woman to read the news on the CBC and one of French Canada's important television and radio personality, and Jacques de Brabant, a businessman. He studied law at McGill University and received his Bachelors in Civil Law in 1959. From 1981 to 1995, he married the singer Céline Lomez. Afterwards, Jean de Brabant got married to Hilary Radley. He has five children and currently resides in both Montreal and Stowe, Vermont.
Chaudhry Wajahat Hussain, also known as ``Commander Gujrat'', son of Chaudhry Zahoor Elahi, was born in 1960 in Gujrat. He is a graduate of George Washington University in USA where he completed a Bachelors degree in Political Science. For his primary and high school, he attended the Aitchison College Lahore, where many Pakistani businessmen and politicians have attended.
John White holds a Masters Degree in Business from the University of Baltimore and an Undergraduate Degree from Towson State University.
Originally from the Highland Gardens section 8 housing in the Chester, Pennsylvania neighborhood Shortyo was abandoned by his father when he was young and was raised by his mother and grandmother. Later moving to Eddystone, Pennsylvania Shortyo attended Eddystone Elementary School where he got a nack for music from his 3rd grade teacher. Shortyo attended Ridley High School in Folsom, where he started to craft his skills on the mic. Shortyo performed at a few clubs and performed at his High School After Prom party.
Lisa Tuttle began writing when she attended The Kinkaid School in Piney Point Village, Texas. At the Mirabeau B. Lamar Senior High School in Houston she was active in science fiction fandom, and founded and edited the Houston Science Fiction Society's fanzine, Mathom. At Syracuse University in New York, she wrote for the university's fanzine Tomorrow And..., plus several alternative newspapers. In 1971 Tuttle attended the Clarion Writer's Workshop, running that year at Tulane University in New Orleans, after which she sold her first short story, ``Stranger in the House'', which appeared in 1972 in Clarion II, an anthology edited by Robin Wilson. In 1974 Tuttle received a BA degree in English Literature and moved to Austin, Texas where she worked as a journalist for five years at the Austin American-Statesman, a daily newspaper.
Beaumont was the third son of the politician Thomas Wentworth Beaumont and his wife Henrietta Jane Emma Hawks Atkinson, daughter of John Atkinson. His younger brother was Wentworth Beaumont, 1st Baron Allendale. Beaumont was educated at Harrow School and then at Trinity College, Cambridge. He stood successfully in a by-election for Newcastle-upon-Tyne in 1860, a seat he held until 1865. In the general election of 1868 Beaumont was returned to the House of Commons again and sat as Member of Parliament (MP) for Wakefield until 1874. He was one of the founders of the Anglo-Austrian Bank.
During a 1936 expedition, experienced archeologist Wesley Bliss excavated the Sandia Cave, a cave in the Sandia Mountains, and reported his findings to University of New Mexico project head Dr. Brand. Frank C. Hibben, a UNM student who had not been involved in the excavation, later worked in the cave. He reported finding a spearpoint beneath a layer of material dating more than 25,000 years old, along with the bones of camels, mastodons, and prehistoric horses. The 25,000-year age suggested by Hibben was erroneous, as the bones were carbon dated from 14,000--20,000 years ago (16,000--14,000 BCE). The published notes of Bliss and others in reference to the poor layer integrity and cross-layer contamination associated with rodent burrowing proved that Hibben's dating of historical sedimentary layers was consistently inaccurate.
He first attended, and played College Basketball at Los Angeles City College during the 2003-04 Season, and the following year, he played at Xavier University in New Orleans, Louisiana. During the Fall of 2005, Xavier University closed down, after Hurricane Katrina devastated the City of New Orleans. Ronald Allen evacuated New Orleans and began attending and playing Basketball fpr the University of Cincinnati in Cincinnati, Ohio. Allen was given immediate eligibility by the NCAA when he migrated to Cincinnati. As A UC Bearcat, Ronald Allen was the tallest player on the team. Allen played in all but one game while he attended the University of Cincinnati.
Ivo Posti at first studied history in the Estonian University of Tartu and became a teacher of Political Science. Between 1996--2001, he studied singing with Aino Kôiv at the Heino Eller Music School in Tartu, and from 2001 until 2007, he studied at Royal Conservatory of The Hague where his teachers were Rita Dams and Barbara Pearson. He has also studied with Marius van Altena and Diane Forlano and has had masterclasses with Taru Valjakka, Thomas Wiedenhofer, Michael Chance, Jill Feldman, Rick Harrell, Niels Muus, Brian Masuda and Roberta Alexander.
Wong was first elected to LegCo in 2000, was defeated in 2004 due to a dodgy electoral strategy, and re-elected in 2008. Wong obtained his Bachelor of Social Work from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University and was a social worker before joining Hong Kong politics.
Denise Yue graduated from the University of Hong Kong in 1974 and she attended Harvard University in 1988 obtaining an MPA during her civil service career.
Edwin W. Martin (1917 -- 1991) was an American diplomat. After his education at Deerfield Academy, Oberlin College, and The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University, he embarked upon a career in the U.S. Foreign Service. He went on to serve as consul in Hong Kong and U.S. Ambassador to Burma from 1971 to 1973.
Jarrett Brown (born January 23, 1987) is an American football quarterback who is currently with the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League. He played college football at West Virginia, and was signed by the San Francisco 49ers as an undrafted free agent following the 2010 NFL Draft. He served as the starting quarterback for the West Virginia Mountaineers at West Virginia University during the 2009 season after three seasons as the backup to Pat White.
Nelly Sindayen was born in Siasi, Sulu to a Christian father and a Muslim mother She earned a journalism degree at the University of Santo Tomas and worked for the Manila Bulletin and various news agencies before joining Time magazine in the mid-1970s. Sindayen would remain at Time until 2007, when illness disabled her from returning to work.
Devon Kennard is the son of Derek Kennard, who played in the National Football League with the Arizona Cardinals, the New Orleans Saints and the Dallas Cowboys, helping the latter to win Super Bowl XXX. The elder Kennard, a native of Stockton, California, attended the University of Nevada, Reno.
Chesa Boudin attended the University of Chicago Laboratory Schools for high school and Yale University for undergrad, where he majored in history. After college he went to Oxford University on a Rhodes Scholarship. At Oxford he earned two masters degrees, one in Forced Migration and the other in Public Policy in Latin America.
Tupolev was the son of famed Soviet aircraft pioneer, Andrei Tupolev. He graduated from the Moscow Aviation Institute in 1949 and began working with his father at the Tupolev Design Bureau. He became chief designer in 1963 and general designer in 1973.
Husted was born into a political family in Peekskill, New York, the son of James W. Husted (1833--1892) and his wife. His father was then a member of the New York State Assembly, and several times in later years was elected Speaker of the Assembly. The junior Husted attended private schools, the Peekskill Military Academy, and Cutler's School, New York City. He was graduated from Phillips Academy, Andover, Massachusetts. He graduated in 1888 from Yale University in 1892, where he was a member of Skull and Bones, and in 1894 from the New York Law School.
Paul Murray Kendall (1 March 1911 - 21 November 1973) was an American academic and historian. He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He graduated from Frankford High School in 1928. In 1932 he received an Bachelor of Arts from the University of Virginia. He received an Master's degree in 1933, also from U of V. In 1937, while studying for a Ph.D he became an instructor in English at the Ohio University in Athens, Ohio. He obtained a Ph. D. from the University of Virginia in 1939. He was appointed Distinguished Professor of English in 1959, one of the first three academics at Ohio University to receive this honor.
Joe's father is a member of the U.S. Secret Service. Joe holds a B.A. from the University of Washington and majored in law, society, and justice.
A native of Enid, Oklahoma, he joined the Army Air Corps during World War II, and went to the University of Chicago to study meteorology. Taft was a second lieutenant stationed in Maine on D-Day. Erroneously, he has been listed as assisting Dwight D. Eisenhower in settling the date of the D-Day invasion, but unfortunately, this is mere legend. His input from Maine may have been of some minor help, but he was still too young and inexperienced to have been involved in such important matters. However, by Korea, he was involved in major decisisons where weather was an important factor. He graduated from Phillips University in 1946 and joined American Airlines as a staff meteorologist.
Born in British India, Geddes was the son of Auckland Campbell Geddes, of Edinburgh, Scotland, and the elder brother of Auckland Geddes, 1st Baron Geddes. He was educated at Oxford Military College and Merchiston Castle School, Edinburgh.
Matt Hyde is an American producer, engineer, mixer and musician. From 1982-1985 he attended Berklee College of Music in Boston. While still at Berklee (1984) he started to get experience in Pyramid recording studio in Boston. After graduating he toured with several different bands, playing guitar and keyboards. When he'd had enough of life on the road, Matt began working at recording studios, first in Boston and from 1989 in Los Angeles. But he played guitar and keyboard off and on after this time also.
Born in Islington, London, he was descended from Raphael Meldola (1754--1828), a theologian who was acting minister of the Spanish and Portuguese Jews in London, 1804. Meldola was the only son of Samuel Meldola; married (1886) Ella Frederica, daughter of Dr Maurice Davis MD of London. He was educated in chemistry at the Royal College of Chemistry, London. There is a portrait of Meldola (oil on canvas) by Solomon J. Solomon in the Royal Society collection; also a photograph by Maull & Fox, visiting card size.
Valeriy Khmelko holds graduate degrees in physics (1961) and philosophy (1971) and a postgraduate degree (candidate of sciences, 1974) from the Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv. 1975 to 1990, he was a researcher at the Institute of Party History of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Ukraine. He is a doctor of philosophical sciences (dissertation on the methodological and procedural issues of sociological research of the influence of the scientific technological revolution on personality directedness of an industrial worker; defended in Kyiv in 1987).
Bent Flyvbjerg is the first Chair and BT Professor of Major Programme Management at Oxford University's Saïd Business School and is Founding Director of the University's BT Centre for Major Programme Management. He was previously Professor of Planning at Aalborg University, Denmark and Chair of Infrastructure Policy and Planning at Delft University of Technology, The Netherlands. Flyvbjerg received his Ph.D. in economic geography from Aarhus University, Denmark. He has written extensively about megaprojects, decision making, city management, and philosophy of social science.
Edward Hutton was born on April 12, 1875 in Hampstead, London, his father being a businessman with interests in Sheffield. He was educated at Highgate School but on the death of his father in 1890 his mother removed with her six children to Somerset and Edward went as a day boy to Blundell's School, Tiverton. From an early age he applied himself to the study of the Greek and Roman classics. Instead of going up to Oxford, and having decided he was to be a writer, he chose to work in publishing in London. An unrewarding first position gave place to one with John Lane, founder of the Bodley Head, and publisher of the major works of 'the nineties' (which significantly influenced his style). Inheriting £5000 on his coming of age in 1896 he made his first journey to Italy and from then on he spent most of his life getting to know the Italians and their civilization. In 1898 he married Charlotte Miles, daughter of George Miles, a tea merchant in the City of London. From around 1901 they rented the Villa di Boccaccio at Settignano above Florence, which city became Hutton's spiritual home. The many English residents there who became his friends included Bernard Berenson and Norman Douglas while in 1917 he was instrumental with others in establishing the British Institute of Florence. When he was 27 he published his first books on Italian themes, Italy and the Italians, and Studies in the Lives of the Saints. His love of Italy and the Italian way of life led to his conversion to Roman Catholicism in 1928. In 1905 he published the first of his series of nine illustrated books on different regions of Italy, The Cities of Umbria. His writing was not confined to Italy, however, and there were single books on Greece and Spain and also three in the Highways and Byways series, on Somerset, Wiltshire and Gloucestershire.
Herman Bank was born in Vineland, New Jersey to Russian-Jewish immigrants Sophie and Max Bank. Bank's formal education began with an Associate of Arts degree from Los Angeles City College in engineering. In 1935 he earned a degree from University of California, Berkley in mechanical engineering. Bank married Irene Gross in 1943 and had three sons Sidney, Ronald and Michael.
Born in Detroit, Michigan the same year that his father, music business legend Berry Gordy, Jr., founded Motown, Kerry was brought home from the hospital to live in the historic home that housed the famous Hitsville Motown Recording Studios that resided on West Grand Blvd. (which has recently been renamed Berry Gordy Jr. Blvd.) in the heart of Detroit. Kerry and his seven brothers and sisters grew up surrounded in the magic of Motown. Michael Jackson, Stevie Wonder, Smokey Robinson, Lionel Richie, Rick James, The Temptations, Diana Ross, Teena Marie, The Four Tops, and Marvin Gaye among others were like family to him. Kerry's mother, Raynoma, was a child prodigy in music and played eleven instruments. She orchestrated the first arrangements for Motown. Kerry lived with his mother until the age of 13. Kerry followed in his mother's footsteps and plays several instruments as well. Kerry then moved to Los Angeles with his father Berry and became one of his father's many protégés. Benny Medina (currently a well known artist manager to stars such as Will Smith, P. Diddy, JLO, Mariah Carey, and Usher) attended Beverly Hills High School with Kerry. Years later Benny created the TV show Fresh Prince of Bel-Air a semi-autobiographical TV sit com loosely based on Kerry letting Benny move into the Gordy Estate in Bel Air while they were still teenagers. Benny was Kerry's first business partner. They wrote and produced records together for Motown and founded a teen idol band called Apollo on Motown Records. Teena Marie was originally in the group as the female lead but dropped out right before the band released their first single for Motown entitled Astro Disco http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uiDX4tlsuRY. The group graced the covers of teen magazines, performed on national television shows and performed over 200 concerts in Asia alone according to executives in Motown. In the early 80's Kerry acted in various commercials, T.V. shows and movies.
Briggs was born to George Nixon Briggs, (governor of Massachusetts from 1844--1851) on August 1, 1824 in Lanesborough, Massachusetts. Henry Briggs graduated from Williams College in 1844 and was admitted to the Massachusetts Bar in 1848.
Born in Los Angeles, California in 1953, Lisa Lyon is regarded as one of female bodybuilding's pioneers. She studied art at the University of California at Los Angeles, and became accomplished in kendo, the Japanese art of fencing. She began weight training to build more upper body strength for kendo.
James Edwin Ruthven Carpenter, Jr. (also known as J.E.R. Carpenter) (January 7, 1867 -- June 11, 1932) was the leading architect of luxury residential high-rise buildings in New York City in the early 1900s. He studied at the University of Tennessee and at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, from which he graduated in 1884. He then studied at the École des Beaux Arts in Paris.
Henry W. Holt (September 14, 1864 -- October 4, 1947) was born at Wakefield, Virginia in Isle of Wight County, Virginia, but was raised in Surry County, Virginia. His preparatory education was received at Hanover Academy in Hanover County, Virginia after which he attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology for two years and Virginia Military Institute, from which he graduated in 1886. Turning then to law, he entered Washington and Lee University where he received his law degree in 1888. Upon graduation, he began to practice in Wichita, Kansas, but returned to Virginia in 1891 as Commandant of Cadets at Staunton Military Academy. In 1892, he started practice in Staunton and became judge of the Corporation Court of the city of Buena Vista, Virginia in 1893, though still living in Staunton. He resigned from this position in 1896 and, in 1900, became judge of the Staunton Corporation Court. There he served until 1912. At that time, he was appointed judge of the Eighteenth Judicial Circuit, where he remained for sixteen years. In 1924, Judge Holt was elected to the Special Court of Appeals and, in 1928, to the Supreme Court of Appeals. He continued as a member of the court, becoming Chief Justice in 1946, until his death.
He was born in the parish of St. Gabriel, Fenchurch Street, London, on 10 February 1565, the eldest son of Richard Whitelocke, merchant. The judge Sir James Whitelocke was a younger brother. After being educated at Merchant Taylors' School under Richard Mulcaster, he was sent to Christ's College, Cambridge, where he matriculated as a pensioner in November 1581, and graduated B.A. in 1585. His brother attests that he studied law at Lincoln's Inn.
Nino Pirrotta (13 June 1908, Palermo - 20 January 1998, Palermo) was an Italian musicologist of international renown who specialized in Italian music from the late medieval, Renaissance and early Baroque eras. In 1931 he earned a degree in art history from the University of Florence after having already earned a diploma in organ performance. He established himself as an important academic with his first book, Il Sacchetti e la Tecnica Musicale (1935, with Ettore Li Gotti) which focused on the music and poetry of the Trecento. He went on to publish several more works on that topic and became one of the most important scholars on the Italian Ars Nova, Florentine Camerata, and early opera. In 1970 his book Li Dui Orfei (later published in English in 1982 as Music and Theater from Poliziano to Monteverdi), which traced the pre-history of opera, was awarded the Kinkeldey Award by the American Musicological Society.
John E. Cribbet was born in Findlay, Illinois just outside Decatur. His mother raised him after his father died from the Spanish flu. Mr. Cribbet received his undergraduate degree from Illinois Wesleyan University. There, he met his wife Betty Smith. After graduation, Mr. Cribbet joined the Army for World War II. He served as an aide-de-camp for Lt. Gen. Troy H. Middleton on the European front. His service produced a number of medals and stories, which he would later relate in his popular law lectures.
Mikhail Petrenko is a Canadian Cinematographer (DOP). Ukrainian-born Mikhail graduated from University of Indianapolis and York University with BFA in Cinematography. Mikhail currently lives in Toronto, Ontario.
Edward Bowen was highly intelligent, and so was able to get a good education by winning scholarships. From an early age he developed a strong interest in radio and cricket. He entered Swansea University and read physics and related subjects. He graduated with a First-Class Honours degree in 1930, and continued with postgraduate research on X-rays and the structure of alloys, earning an MSc in 1931.
John Bourchier was the son of William Bourchier of Beningbrough. He was probably educated at Christ's College, Cambridge, and was admitted to Gray's Inn in 1609/10. He was knighted in 1609. In 1625, Bourchier was appointed as a Justice of the Peace for the three Yorkshire Ridings. When Charles dissolved Parliament and sought to raise money through the forced loans in 1627, Sir John was one of those who refused. At the outbreak of the English Civil War, he was arrested and imprisoned in York until 1643. He was elected Member of Parliament for Ripon in 1647; at Pride's Purge, he was one of the MPs permitted to keep his seat in Commons.
Eric Crafton graduated from Vanderbilt University in 1989, Magna Cum Laude, with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Math/Economics. In 1994, he graduated from Keio University in Tokyo, Japan, having studied Japanese and Political Economy. He served as a Lieutenant in the United States Navy for four-and-a-half years and is a veteran of the Persian Gulf War. He has been bestowed with the Navy Achievement Medal, the Combat Action Ribbon, and the National Defense Service Medal. He earned the Navy Achievement Medal for saving his ship, the USS Mobile Bay, from hitting a mine during Desert Storm. He works as a general contractor and as a realtor; he has been building homes since 1996. Additionally, he has authored a book titled Backspin. Hackers, Hustlers and the Fat Man.
Reza Afshari is professor of history at Pace University, he received his Ph.D. at Temple University. His studies center on human rights in Iran, Islamic politics, and Islamic cultural relativism in particular.
Nelson Poynter (1903 -- 1978) was an American publisher. He was born in Sullivan, Indiana in 1903. His family moved to Florida nine years later when his father bought the St. Petersburg Times. Nelson returned to Indiana to get his B.A. from Indiana University and went on to complete a master's degree from Yale in 1927.
Vytautas Kernagis attended M.K.Čiurlionis and Vilnius 23rd schools. In 1973, he graduated from the Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theatre. He was a member of the pioneering Lithuanian big beat bands Aisčiai (1966--1968) and Rupūs miltai (1969--1972). Kernagis recorded his first album of sung poetry in 1978. Kernagis also took part in the first Lithuanian rock opera Velnio nuotaka, first Lithuanian musical Ugnies medžioklė su varovais (1976), and first Lithuanian musical for a puppet theatre Šokantis ir dainuojantis mergaitės vieversėlis.
Born in Ivrea, Giuseppe Fietta studied at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome and was ordained to the priesthood on November 4, 1906. He then served as private secretary to the bishop of Alghero, Oristano, and Cagliari until 1923. Fietta was raised to the rank of Domestic Prelate of His Holiness on May 9, 1920, and served as the rector of the Seminary of Alghero and a canon of its cathedral chapter from 1923 to 1924, whence he became secretary of the nunciature to Costa Rica. He was later made chargé d'affaires of the Costa Rican nunciature in 1925.
After graduating from Middlebury College in Vermont, Goodenough went on to earn his MBA degree in Finance and Marketing from New York University. Following his college years he went to work for a family firm his grandfather founded, Cleworth Publishing. After years, his family sold the business and Goodenough joined Kalo Communications as president, and publisher of U.S. Banker, which was later sold to Thomson Media. Goodenough went on to become the President of Thomson Media's Banking Publishing/Conferences Group (previously USB Corporation), which was responsible for more than 80 products and events. In 2003, with financial backing from Spire Capitol, he launched Highline Media, which was acquired by Summit Business Media in 2006. By 2007, he was named president of Summit Business Media, and less than a year later he took the post as chief executive officer. In his career to date, he has been responsible for more than 15 acquisitions. Andy Goodenough resigned as CEO of Summit Business Media in 2011.
Born in Sydney to John Paul Aslanides and Olive Emma Browne, Timoshenko Aslanides studied music at the University of Sydney and economics at The Australian National University. He began writing poetry after he moved to Canberra in 1972. His first book of poems, The Greek Connection, was awarded the British Commonwealth Poetry Prize for 1978 for the best first book of poetry in English published the previous year in all the countries of the British Commonwealth, excluding England; he was the first Australian to win this prize.
Xandrei Van Galen earned his college degree in Industrial Engineering at the University of the Philippines. He first became aware of martial arts at the age of seven, dabbling first in Karate, Arnis and Wushu. His pursuit of martial arts excellence is guided by the principle ICE: Intensity, Credibility, and Effectivity. He is currently a Wushu training Instructor for the Philippine Wushu Federation.
Serrano was son of the architect Francisco J. Serrano. He studied at Universidad Iberoamericana until 1960. Afterwards he worked together with José Nava in the bureau of his father. From 1960 to 1971 he taught at the Universidad Iberoamericana, the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México and at the Universidad La Salle. Some of his projects he realized in cooperation with Teodoro González de León and with Carlos Tejeda, and some buildings together with Susana García Fuertes.
Meredith Scott Lynn (1970) is an American actress, producer, and director. She attended the High School of Performing Arts in New York City.
In 2007, Campbell married Omar Brown, a fellow Jamaican sprinter and University of Arkansas alumnus. They currently live and train in Clermont, Florida. She was appointed as a UNESCO Goodwill Ambassador in late 2009, and stated that she would use the role to promote gender equity in sport.
Jack Weaver was born on November 1st, 1928, in South Gate, California. He briefly attended Glendale Community College but left when he was drafted into the U.S. Army. It was around this time that he met Joy Moniot, whom he married on Aug. 30, 1952, in Glendale, California.
Joachim Sauter studied design at the Universität der Künste Berlin (Berlin University of the Arts) and direction and camera at the German Academy for Film and Television, Berlin. He has been using computers both as a tool and as a medium from the early stages of his work. A pioneer of new media, he has developed and shaped this field with his works from the early 1980s on.
Praveen Sharma is a professor in the department of biochemistry, Government Medical College, Kota. Sharma became Editor-in-Chief of Indian Journal of Clinical Biochemistry in 2006. He is also Chief Editor of APFCB News Asia Pacific Federation of Clinical Biochemistry. Sharma is an alumnus of Sawai ManSingh Medical College. SMS Hospital attached to Sawai ManSingh Medical College is the principal health care institution in the State of Rajasthan.
Ebenezer Walden (1777--1857) was mayor of Buffalo, New York, serving in 1838--1839. He was born in 1777 in Massachusetts. In 1799, he graduated from Williams College, then made his way to Oneida County, New York where he studied law. In 1806, he was admitted to the New York State bar and moved to Buffalo. For nearly two years Walden was the only lawyer west of Batavia. He invested heavily in real estate in this area, owning what became known as Walden Farm at what is now Fillmore and Walden Avenue. In 1812, he married Suzanna Marvin.
Paa Kwesi Nduom was born at Elmina in the Central Region of Ghana. He had his secondary education at the St. Augustine's College in Cape Coast, where he obtained both the General Certificate of Education (GCE) Ordinary and Advanced Levels. He proceeded to the United States where he obtained a Bachelor of Arts (Economics) degree at the University of Wisconsin-- Milwaukee in 1975. He subsequently went on to get a Master's degree in Management (1977) and a Ph.D (Service Delivery Systems) in 1982 at the same university.
Helen Bates ``Penny'' Chenery Tweedy (born January 27, 1922) is an American sportswoman who bred and raced Secretariat, the 1973 winner of the Triple Crown. The youngest of three children, she graduated from The Madeira School in 1939 and earned a Bachelor of Arts from Smith College, then studied at the Columbia Business School, where she met her future husband, John Tweedy, Sr., a Columbia Law School student. In March 2011, Randolph-Macon College in Ashland, Virginia awarded Chenery an Honorary Doctor of Laws degree. Married in May 1949, the couple had four children. In 1973 horseracing telecasts, CBS called her Penny Chenery, not Penny Tweedy.
David Jardine graduated M.A. at Glasgow University in 1813, was called to the bar as a member of the Middle Temple (7 February 1823), chose the western circuit, and became recorder of Bath. In 1839 he was appointed police magistrate at Bow Street Magistrates' Court, London.
In addition to his work in business and his time in government, Fogler remained active with his alma mater, the University of Maine, serving on its Board of Directors from 1955 to 1962. In 1962, the University of Maine's main library was renamed the Raymond H. Fogler Library in Fogler's honor.
John Francis Barnett (1837--1916), English music composer and teacher, was the son of John Barnett's brother, Joseph Alfred, also a professor of music. John Francis carried on the traditions of the family as a composer and teacher. He obtained a queen's scholarship at the Royal Academy of Music, and developed into an accomplished pianist, visiting Germany to study in 1857 and playing at a Gewandhaus concert at Leipzig in 1860. He came into notice as a composer with his symphony in A minor (1864), and followed this with a number of compositions for orchestra, strings or pianoforte. His cantata The Ancient Mariner was brought out at Birmingham in 1867, and another, Paradise and the Peri, in 1870, both with great success. In 1873 his most important work, the oratorio The Raising of Lazarus, was written, and in 1876 produced at Hereford. Many other cantatas, pianoforte pieces, &c. were composed by him, and successfully brought out; and he took an active part as a professor in the work of the Guildhall School of Music and Royal College of Music.
Andrew Goodman was born and raised on the Upper West Side of New York City, at 161 West 86 Street, the middle of three sons of Robert and Carolyn Goodman, of Jewish heritage. His family and community were steeped in intellectual and socially progressive activism and were devoted to social justice. An activist from his early youth, Goodman graduated from the progressive Walden School; Walden was said to have had a strongly formative influence on his outlook. He attended the Honors Program at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison for a semester but withdrew after falling ill with pneumonia.
Tennant was born in London, England. Her mother, Irina Baronova, was a Russian prima ballerina who appeared with the Ballet Russes de Monte Carlo, and her father, Cecil Tennant, was an English producer and talent agent who ran MCA's talent office and whose clients included Laurence Olivier, Vivien Leigh, John Gielgud and Michael Redgrave. Her maternal grandfather, Misha Baronov, was a senior officer in the Russian navy, and her maternal grandmother, the former Lydia Vishniakova, was a general's daughter. Laurence Olivier was Tennant's godfather. She has a sister, Irina, and a brother, Robert, both of whom were badly injured in the car accident that killed their father in 1967. Victoria Tennant herself trained in ballet like her mother, at the Elmhurst Ballet School and for two years at the Central School for Speech and Drama in London. She attended the Central School of Speech and Drama at the University of London.
He was the son of William Sedgwick of London, and was born in Bedfordshire about 1610. He matriculated at Pembroke College, Oxford, on 2 December 1625 at the age of 15, and graduated B.A. 21 June 1628, M.A. 4 May 1631. His tutor was George Hughes.
Paul Runge graduated from Arizona State University, where he lettered in baseball, and after a brief minor league playing career in the farm systems of the Houston Colt .45s and Los Angeles Angels, he became an NL umpire after working in the California League (1965-66), Eastern League (1967) and Pacific Coast League (1968-73). He was the first son of a former major league umpire to reach the majors himself.
Phil completed the International Baccalaureate at Carey Baptist Grammar School and holds a Bachelor of Commerce and a Bachelor of Science from the University of Melbourne. He completed a Graduate Certificate in Social Entrepreneurship and Innovation from the University of Adelaide in 2010, on a scholarship from the Australian Scholarships Foundation. He is currently studying at Deakin University towards a Masters of Psychoanalytic Studies. In 2009, also on scholarship completed the Foundations of Directorship from the Australian Institute of Company Directors. In 2011, he was awarded the Future Summit Leadership Award from Australian Davos Connection. In 2009 and 2011, he was awarded a Hot30Under30 award by Australian Anthill Magazine.
Essa Abdulla Al Basha Al Noaimi () is the Ambassador of the United Arab Emirates to the Islamic Republic of Pakistan. Born in 1956, Al Noaimi obtained his bachelors degree in Geography and International Studies from United Arab Emirates University in 1980.
In 1995, Cuban and fellow Indiana University alumnus Todd Wagner started Audionet, combining their mutual interest in college basketball and webcasting. With a single server and an ISDN line, Audionet became Broadcast.com in 1998. By 1999, Broadcast.com had grown to 330 employees and $13.5 million in revenue for the second quarter. In 1999, during the dot com boom, Broadcast.com was acquired by Yahoo! for $5.9 billion in Yahoo! stock.
The Dogg was part of the group Omalaeti O'Swapo, which released one album in 2004. His music is enjoyed internationally, in countries like South Africa, Botswana, Angola, Zambia and Zimbabwe. The Dogg has performed in France, England and Canada. He is a common household name on Africa's number one music channel, Channel O where he earned two awards and three nominations. He is the highest awarded artist in his country.
Keith Olbermann attended Farragut Middle School through 7th Grade.
Wainwright was born in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, the son of Martha Taylor, a yoga teacher, and Loudon Wainwright, Jr., a columnist and editor for Life magazine. Wainwright grew up in Bedford, New York, in Westchester County. Among his sisters is Sloan Wainwright, also a singer. He graduated from St. Andrew's School in Delaware. He is a direct descendant of Peter Stuyvesant, the last Director-General of New Netherland (present-day New York State).
Christopher Norton (born 1953) is a New Zealand-born British pianist and composer. Norton obtained a degree in music from the University of Otago in 1974. He taught music in Wellington high schools, worked as a composer-in-Schools for a year, then free-lanced as a composer, arranger and pianist.
Alex Dowsett (born 3 October 1988) is an English racing cyclist who rides for Team Sky. He was educated at Elm Green Preparatory School in Little Baddow, followed by King Edward VI Grammar School in Chelmsford.
Jane Thornthwaite was raised in West Vancouver, attending Hillside Secondary School and North Vancouver, attending Windsor Secondary School. She graduated from the University of British Columbia with a degree in health education. As a Registered Dietitian Nutritionist, she operated own business in North Vancouver, called Jane Thornthwaite Nutrition Consulting between 1984 and 2005. Thornthwaite was an advocate for organic food and for labelling food products containing Genetically modified ingredients, as well as consumer awareness about livestock practices. Also, in that time, she raised three children of her own.
De Witt Batty was educated at St Paul's School, London and Balliol College, Oxford He was ordained in 1903 and his first position was as a curate at Hornsey where he was asked a year later by the outgoing rector, St Clair Donaldson, to accompany him as his chaplain when Donaldson was appointed Archbishop of Brisbane. In 1915 he was appointed a residential canon at St John's Cathedral, Brisbane and in 1925 the cathedral's dean. He was ordained to the episcopate in 1930. He once called his see as ``the most enviable diocese in Australia''.
Born in New York City and grew up in New Jersey, Clark received her B.A. from Mount Holyoke College. During her college career, she began re-typing her mother's transcripts. She also made contributions such as renaming locations and characters. Out of her four other siblings, Carol was the only one to go into writing. One thing that made a great impact on this decision was helping her mother. While Mary Higgins Clark attempted juggling a full time job and also trying to finish her second book, the younger Higgins grasped this opportunity to familiarize herself with the process of writing a book and telling tales; not knowing this would be her start in becoming a well-known author. Just as her mother does, Carol Higgins Clark also writes suspense books. One main difference in the writings of the two Higgins Clarks is that Carol's books contain a slight sense of humor that her mother's, Mary Higgins Clark do not possess. All of Carol's novels feature Regan Reilly(the famous recurring character), plot points about male escorts, and pantyhose conventions that come from real sources. In her video for NJN Public Television, Carol explains how she uses her first job experience to help her with ideas about her book. In her book ``Iced'', she uses a woman who is working at a dry cleaners. The woman uncovers evidence found in the pockets of a customer.
Tom Hayes is an American marketing executive. His best-selling books on digital business and culture include, (McGraw-Hill) and (Penguin/Portfolio). He is a frequent contributor to the 1Wall Street Journal and the 2Huffington Post. In the 1990s he served as founding chairman and CEO of Joint Venture: Silicon Valley, a public-private effort tasked with rebuilding Silicon Valley's struggling regional economy. His work as the group's leader was the subject of the book, 3Grassroots Leaders for a New Economy. Hayes was born at Fort Benning in Columbus, Georgia, but grew up in Lowell, Massachusetts. He attended Lowell High School and graduated from Boston University.
Docker was born in Harborne, Staffordshire, the son of Ralph Docker and his wife Sarah Sankey. His father was a solicitor in practice at Birmingham and Smethwick who took on a large number of public appointments. He was educated at King Edward's School, Birmingham. In 1873 he played for a Birmingham XXII against an All England XI, and then in 1878 in another Birmingham XXII against an Australian team.
Tanika Sarkar has a first class degree in B.A in History, from the Presidency College, University of Calcutta, 1972. She has a first class degree in Modern History from the University of Calcutta, 1974 . She received her PhD Degree from the University of Delhi in 1981.
Parsons was born in North Adelaide on 23 May 1872, the only son of Cornish born minister and politician, John Langdon Parsons (1837-1903) and his wife Rose. He was educated at Prince Alfred College and Roseworthy Agricultural College before spending three years following ``pastoral and financial pursuits''. He then studied law at the University of Adelaide, graduating in March 1897, aged 24. He was admitted to the Bar later in 1897.
Frank Barrie was born in Scarborough, North Yorkshire on 19 September 1939 to Arthur and Annie Smith. He attended Archbishop Holgate's School and the University of Hull in Kingston upon Hull. He married Maryann Lloyd.
On June 28, 1970, the Drews married at the Talley home in Bogalusa, the seat of Washington Parish in southeastern Louisiana. Harmon Drew met Jean Talley, who graduated from Bogalusa High School in 1963, at LSU law school. Not only is Jean also a lawyer, but so were her father, grandfather, and an aunt. Her father, Bascom D. Talley, Jr. (1915--1971), was a president of the Louisiana Bar Association during the 1960s.
Following her baseball career, Wegman returned home to help out her family. She regretted her father's absence, because he died in 1945 and was not able to see her play professional baseball. She attended classes at the University of Cincinnati while working as a designer of packaging equipment and machinery. She later worked for Lodge & Shipley company until her retirement in 1988. Late in the year, she became part of Women in Baseball, a permanent display based at the Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum in Cooperstown, New York, which was unveiled to honor the entire All-American Girls Professional Baseball League rather than individual baseball personalities. Marie Wegman died of a heart failure in Delhi Township, Ohio at the age of 78.
Steven McGeady was born in Baltimore, Maryland. His father was a manager for Bethlehem Steel. After high school in Michigan City, Indiana he briefly attended Purdue University. Then in 1976 he enrolled at Reed College in Portland, Oregon. While attending Reed College from 1977-1980, he studied Physics and Philosophy, but did not graduate. The majority of his time was occupied at the school's computer center where he and friends would experiment with a Digital Equipment Corp. computer donated by the founder of Tektronix, the first in the Northwest to run the Unix operating system.
Richard Boyle was educated in England. In 1590 he entered Corpus Christi College, Cambridge, graduating with a BA in 1695 which lead to an MA three years later, and was incorporated MA at Oxford on 16 July 1601. He held vicarage of Finedon in Northamptonshire before embarking on a Church of Ireland ecclesiastical career.
Sir Gooroodas Banerjee, KCIE was a Bengali Indian judge of the Calcutta High Court. In 1890, he also became the first Indian Vice-Chancellor of University of Calcutta. He received his education at the Oriental Seminary, the General Assembly's Institution (now Scottish Church College), the Presidency College, Kolkata and at the University of Calcutta.
Anselm Haverkamp (born 1943) is a German literary critic. He studied English literature, philosophy and history at the University of Konstanz and gained his PhD at the University of Heidelberg in 1975. In 1989, he became Professor of English at New York University. Since 1996, he has also taught comparative literature at the European University Viadrina (Frankfurt (Oder)). Influenced by post-structuralist thought, Haverkamp wrote several books on the theory of metaphor. He also published works on Friedrich Hölderlin, Walter Benjamin and Jacques Derrida. He was the secretary-general of the International Walter Benjamin Society.
Born in Germantown, Pennsylvania, J. Howard Marshall II attended George School, a private high school in Newtown, Pennsylvania, and then studied liberal arts at Haverford College, both Quaker institutions, graduating in 1926. While at George School and Haverford he edited the school newspapers, captained the debate teams and was an All American soccer player and played competitive tennis under the instruction of professional Bill Tilden. He graduated Magna Cum Laude from Yale Law School in 1931. At Yale, he was case editor of the Yale Law Journal and studied with the law and economics pioneer Walton Hale Hamilton.
Buckley's ill-conceived college career (1965, Fullerton College) lasted only two weeks. College and a fledgling music career were too much for him to cope with. His mini stint at Fullerton completed, Buckley now dedicated himself fully to his music and to playing L.A. Folk Clubs. During the summer of 1965 he played regularly at a club co-founded by Dan Gordon. Later in the year he played various Orange County coffeehouses (such as the White Room in Buena Park) and the Monday night hootenannies at the famed Los Angeles' Troubadour. That year Cheetah magazine deemed Tim Buckley an up-and-comer, one of ``The Orange County Three'', along with Steve Noonan and Jackson Browne.
Mario Coppola (Rome, February 5, 1937 - Rome, March 5, 2011) was an Italian physicist active in the field of nuclear physics. Coppola, son of Leonardo and Elena Alestra lived his early childhood in Rome until the degree in Physics in 1960, a student of Edoardo Amaldi. From 1961 to 1964 was PostDoc at Columbia University in New York, then for a short period, the University of Padua, and subsequently worked in the years 1964 to 1971 the Bureau Central de Mesures Nucleaires (BCMN) Euratom Geel (Belgium). He obtained his teaching qualification in Nuclear Physics at the University of Milan in 1969.
Jacob Glushakow, painter (1914-2000)- Known for his keen observations of life in the city of Baltimore, Maryland, USA, Jacob Glushakow spent more than sixty years painting the neighborhoods of his hometown. His works reflect an interest in the everyday, often including views of row houses, markets, streets. They provide a record of Baltimore's past, and feature a somewhat melancholic view of the urban setting with a rich history that has disappeared. Glushakow studied art at the Maryland Institute College of Art, the Jewish Educational Alliance, and at the Art Students League in New York. He remained faithful to a traditional realist style of painting throughout his career. His work can be found in the permanent collections of The Baltimore Museum of Art, The Phillips Collection, and the Metropolitan Museum of Art, among others.
Charles Burnett's first full-length feature film Killer of Sheep was written for his UCLA master's thesis. The black and white film took Burnett five years to finish, apparently due to the imprisonment of one of the film's actors. The low-budget film was finally released to the public in 1978. The cast consisted mainly of his friends and film colleagues and was filmed primarily with a handheld camera, seemingly in documentary style. The main character was played by Henry G. Sanders, a Vietnam veteran who had studied cinema at Los Angeles City College and was enrolled in several classes at UCLA as well. Since his performance in the movie, Sanders has gone on to a career in films and TV, including roles in Rocky Balboa, ER, Miami Vice, and The West Wing. The lead female character in Killer of Sheep was played by Kaycee Moore, who later went on to act in former UCLA classmate Julie Dash's film Daughters of the Dust. The story follows the protagonist Stan, a slaughterhouse worker, who struggles to make enough money to support his family. According to the film's website, the movie ``offers no solutions; it merely presents life''. Killer of Sheep revolves around rituals, in the family, childhood, oppression, and resistance to oppression. The soundtrack of ballads, jazz, and blues includes artists Etta James, Dinah Washington, Gershwin, Rachmaninov, Paul Robeson, and Earth Wind & Fire. The film was only screened occasionally because of its poor 16mm print quality and failed to find widespread distribution due to the cost and complexity of securing music rights. It was recently restored by the UCLA Film & Television archive in a new 35mm print of much higher quality. The rereleased film won an array of awards including the critics' award at the Berlin International Film Festival, first place at the Sundance Film Festival in the 80'ss, then called the USA Film Festival, and a Special Critics`` Award from the 2007 New York Film Critics Circle. It was also recognized as a national treasure and included among the first 50 films entered in the National Film Registry for its historical importance by the Library of Congress in 1990. In addition, it was chosen as one of the 100 Essential Films of All Time by the National Society of Film Critics in 2002. Burnett was awarded a Guggenheim Foundation Fellowship in 1981, following the film's completion.
Jesse Levis (born April 14, 1968 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American Major League Baseball scout and former Major League Baseball player. Levis is a graduate of Northeast High School in Philadelphia and attended the University of North Carolina.
Fergus Watts (born 21 September 1985) was an English-born Australian rules football player with the AFL's Adelaide Football Club and the St Kilda Football Club. Watts was a forward line player. He was educated at Wesley College, Melbourne
Adam Lippes was born December 24, 1972 in Buffalo, New York. Adam attended the Nichols school in Buffalo and studied Psychology at Cornell, from where he graduated in 1994. Upon graduation from Cornell, Adam continued his studies at the American University in Paris where he focused on art history and architecture. In 1995 Adam moved to New York, and began his fashion career at Polo Ralph Lauren before moving to Oscar de la Renta, where he was quickly promoted to Global Creative Director becoming one of the youngest to hold this position in the luxury fashion world. From 1996 to 2003, Adam worked closely with Mr. de la Renta on every aspect of the brand, including design, marketing and new business development.
G. Lewis Jones was born in Baltimore on May 18, 1907. He attended high school at the Boys' Latin School of Maryland, graduating in 1925. He attended Harvard College, receiving a B.S. in 1929. He spent the 1929-30 school year at Christ's College, Cambridge and the 1930-31 school year at the London School of Economics, though he did not take another degree.
Emil Forselius (23 November 1974 -- 1 March 2010) was a Swedish actor. He graduated from the Swedish National Academy of Mime and Acting in 2002. He was awarded a Guldbagge Award for his role as Lasse in the film Tic Tac.
Born in Trinidad, Colorado on April 23 1909, he majored in Greek civilization at Harvard University, graduating in 1930. A performance by the German dancers Harald Kreutzberg and Yvonne Georgi so impressed him that he went to Austria to study dance with the former. Later, he studied at the School of American Ballet. Soon he was dancing with George Balanchine's American Ballet. In 1937, he choreographed his first dance, Show Piece, which was performed by Ballet Caravan.
Barry Shrier was born in 1961 as the youngest of three children, and grew up in Rocky River, a suburb of Cleveland in Ohio where he attended Rocky River High School. In 1979 Barry attended Middlebury College, Vermont, graduating with high grades in 1985 with a BA in Politics. He did his post-graduate research with his Tutor the noted Cambridge Sovietologist Peter Reddaway and in 1989 he received an MSc in Politics from the London School of Economics (University of London).
Albers was born Annelise Else Frieda Fleischmann in Berlin. Her mother was from an aristocratic family in the publishing industry and her father was a furnituremaker. Even in her childhood, she was intrigued by art and the visual world. She painted during her youth and studied under an impressionist from 1916 to 1919, but was very discouraged from continuing after a meeting with artist Oskar Kokoschka, who upon seeing a portrait of hers asked her sharply ``Why do you paint?'' She eventually decided to attend art school, even though the challenges for art students were often great and the living conditions harsh. Such a lifestyle sharply contrasted the affluent and comfortable living that she had been used to. Albers attended the Kunstgewerbeschule in Hamburg for only two months in 1920, though eventually made her way to the Bauhaus at Weimar in April 1922. At Walter Gropius's Bauhaus she began her first year under Georg Muche and then Johannes Itten. Women were barred from certain disciplines taught at the school, especially architecture, and during her second year, unable to get into a glass workshop with future husband Josef Albers, Anni Albers deferred reluctantly to weaving. With her instructor Gunta Stölzl, however, Albers soon learned to love weaving's tactile construction challenges.
Alan Aboud, graphic designer and creative director, was born in Dublin, Ireland on 13 May 1966. He was educated at Belvedere College, Dublin from 1974--1984 and the National College of Art & Design (NCAD), Dublin where he completed his foundation year and began his degree in graphic design before transferring over to St Martin's School of Art in London in 1986. He graduated from there in 1989, with a first class honours degree.
Ivan Amodei was born in the village of Comiso, on the island of Sicily. He immigrated with his family to America in 1968 and was raised in Brooklyn, New York. He moved to southern California in 1984 where he attended Thousand Oaks High School and California Lutheran University. He graduated with a degree in Marketing/Advertising and a minor in English. He speaks English, Italian, and Spanish.
Edwin Atlee Barber was born in Baltimore, Maryland to William Edwin Barber and Anne Eliza Townsend. He entered Lafayette College in 1869 but left before graduating to assume a position as an assistant naturalist for the Hayden Survey. He developed an interest in decorated pottery and rapidly became an authority in Pueblo ceramic art. He contributed several articles to the American Naturalist about his work with the Hayden Survey. He returned to Lafayette College and graduated in 1877. Edwin received a graduate degree from Lafayette College in 1893 and began working as curator of ceramics at the Pennsylvania Museum and School of Industrial Art becoming the director in 1907.
Craig W. Duehring was educated at Minnesota State University, Mankato, receiving a B.A. in history and sociology in 1967.
In 1839, Friedrich Robert Faehlmann read a paper at the Learned Estonian Society about the legends of Kalevipoeg. He sketched the plot of a national romantic epic poem. In 1850, after Faehlmann's death, Kreutzwald started writing the poem, interpreting it as the reconstruction of an obsolete oral epic. He collected oral stories and wove them together into a unified whole.
Born in the Dominican Republic on December 16, 1976, Councilman Julio Tavarez attended Eastside High School in Paterson, New Jersey and then graduated from Kean University with a B.A. in Public Administration. He attained a Master's Degree in Public Administration from the same institution.
One of Cassini's first projects in his new post in Paris was to send Frenchman Jean Picard to the site of Tycho Brahe's old observatory at Uraniborg, on the island of Hven near Copenhagen. Picard was to observe and time the eclipses of Jupiter's moons from Uraniborg while Cassini recorded the times they were seen in Paris. If Picard recorded the end of an eclipse at 9 hours 43 minutes 54 seconds after midday in Uraniborg, while Cassini recorded the end of the same eclipse at 9 hours 1 minute 44 seconds after midday in Paris -- a difference of 42 minutes 10 seconds -- the difference in longitude could be calculated to be 10° 32' 30``. Picard was helped in his observations by a young Dane who had recently completed his studies at the University of Copenhagen -- Ole Rømer -- and he must have been impressed by his assistant's skills, as he arranged for the young man to come to Paris to work at the Royal Observatory there.
Gabriel Carroll is an alumnus of Oakland Technical High School and graduated from Harvard University in 2005 with degrees in Mathematics and Linguistics. He is currently a graduate student in the Economics Department at MIT.
Ruge grew up in Oslo in a family with strong military traditions. He attended Oslo Cathedral School. Already 20 years old, he was a military officer. He attended the Norwegian Military College (1905) and took the General Staff exam (1915). Colonel Otto Ruge became chief of the General Staff in 1933. In 1938 he resigned from the position and was appointed as inspector general of infantry.
Charles Kenny McClatchy attended Santa Clara University, where he earned an Masters of Arts in 1901. C.K. took over the Sacramento paper upon the death of his father, James McClatchy, and led it into the 20th century, continuing the newspaper's battles for labor rights; against the abuses of big mining, the railroads, and corrupt government; and fiercely defending a publication's right to editorial freedom. He was instrumental in the founding of The Fresno Bee in 1922 and the establishment of The Modesto Bee with its purchase in 1924.
Chowdhury studied science at the high school and pre-university college in Mymensingh, Bangladesh. He went to Mymensingh Zilla School for SSC and Ananda Mohan College for HSC. Later he studied Economics at the University of Dhaka for his Bachelor of Social Science and Master of Social Science degrees. He studied Public Policy at the Deakin University, Australia. Later, in 1992, he obtained his MBA from the Monash University. Professor Owen Hughes was his thesis supervisor. Finally he studied Public Administration and Public Policy at the Department of Government at the London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE). At the LSE, Professor Keith Dowding was his dissertation supervisor. At different times he received training on information technology
Sonoda was born in Tokyo. He was first trained by his father. After that he has been taught by golf teaching pro, Todd Baker, since he was 10 years old. When Sonoda visited Gold Coast, Australia with his family at age 13, he decided to study in Gold Coast because the town has many golf courses. He spent two years in a junior high school there to pursue his golf game further. He won the Japan National Junior Golf Championship. He decided to return Japan to enter the Suginami-Gakuin High School. He was a high school teammate of Ryo Ishikawa. Ishikawa calls him ``King'' as he swept all the junior tournaments. They first met in elementary school. In his sophomore year at the Meiji University, he qualified for Japan Golf Tour.
Anuj Batra is a research electrical engineer at Texas Instruments who specializes in ultrawideband wireless technology. He holds a BS in electrical engineering from Cornell University, an MS in electrical engineering from Stanford University, and a Ph.D. in electrical engineering from Georgia Tech. In 2004 he was recognized as a ``young innovator'' by inclusion in the MIT Technology Review's ``TR100'' list.
Enno Cheng is a multi-talented Taiwanese indie singer-songwriter who is also an author and a film actress. She attended Tamkang University and majored in Chinese. She took an approved leave of absence from schooling in 2007. She first appeared in the film industry in 2007 and took part in the film Summer's Tail as the main character Zheng Jia-Yue (Yvette Chang) for which she wrote the script. She was nominated as the Best New Performer in 2007 at the 44th Golden Horse Awards but lost to Tang Wei. She played the role of Xiao Wen, a betel nut beauty, in the 2009 film Tears. Her debut album ``Neptune'' (海王星) was released by White Wabbit Records in July 2011.
Tish Daija (30 January 1926 - 3 October 2004) was an Albanian composer. He composed the first Albanian ballet Halili dhe Hajria (Halili and Hajria) that premiered on 13 January 1963 and has since been showed more than 250 times at the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, a record for the Albanian Theatre. He has also composed Spring (``Pranvera''), an Albanian opera. Tish Daija is an alumnus of the Moscow Conservatory.
Joan Mary Last (b. 12 Jan 1908, d. 9 Oct 2002) was an English music educator, author and composer born in Littlehampton, Sussex, England. She studied piano with Mathilde Verne and made her debut as a pianist at the Aeolian Hall in London in 1926. After an injury to her hand ended her performing career, Last turned to teaching and composing. She taught music at the Royal Academy of Music and was awarded an OBE in 1988 for services to music education. She never married.
Barton Sutter is a Lutheran preacher's son and was raised in a large rural family. He acquired his B.A. in Language Arts from Southwest State University in 1972. He then received his M.A. in Creative Writing from Syracuse University in 1975. He moved to Duluth, MN in the 1980s where he continued publishing and also began work as an English professor at the University of Minnesota, Duluth. He also occasionally appears as half of the artistic duo The Sutter Brothers which also includes his brother, Ross Sutter, an acclaimed folk musician. He continues to live in Duluth with his wife and two daughters.
Khaled Hadadi is the current General-Secretary of the Lebanese Communist Party (LCP) since December 2003. He was born in the city of Barja in Mount Lebanon, Lebanon in 1956. He studied Physics at the Lebanese University and graduated with a B.S in 1979 before pursuing a PhD in France in 1984. Hadadi taught at the Lebanese University for several years before becoming General-Secretary of LCP.
Christina Wheeler (born 15 April 1982 in Korosten, Ukrainian SSR) is an Australian professional tennis player. Her highest WTA singles ranking is 147, which she reached on 26 May 2003. Her career high in doubles is 91 set at 8 July 2002. She was educated at Wesley College, Melbourne.
Rebecca Grant (born 1968), is an American actress. Grant is a graduate of the University at Buffalo, The State University of New York with a joint major in psychology and communication (1992). She was a hostess on NFL Under the Helmet and Robot Wars: Extreme Warriors television programs. After losing her mother to breast cancer, Grant has become an advocate for the Susan G. Komen For The Cure Foundation and participates in the annual Revlon Run/Walk to Eradicate Cancers in Women.
Yael German has a bachelor's degree in general history from Tel Aviv University. She is married and has two children, and has been a citizen of Herzliya since 1979.
Al MacIsaac is the Director of Player Evaluation with the Chicago Blackhawks Hockey Club. He has been employed by the Chicago Blackhawks since 2000. He attended St. Francis Xavier University where he graduated in 1991. He was awarded the STFXU Student/Athlete of the Year award his Senior year.
William S. James was born the son of E. Roy James and Mary S. James in Aberdeen, Maryland on February 14, 1914. His primary education was diverse; he attended public schools in Cecil and Harford Counties before matriculating at the Tome School, a private coeducational college preparatory school in Port Deposit. He earned his bachelors degree from the University of Delaware and, in 1937, a Juris Doctor degree from the University of Maryland School of Law, entering the Maryland Bar the same year. James immediately established a law practice in Bel Air, and would continue to practice law there until 1975.
Randy Kuhl graduated from Hammondsport Central School, and earned a B.S. in Civil Engineering from Union College (1966). In 1969 he received his Juris Doctor from Syracuse University College of Law. He successfully ran for the New York State Assembly in 1980, the New York State Senate in 1986, and the U.S. House of Representatives from 2004 until 2008.
Enoch Foster was born in Newry, Maine on May 10, 1839 and was of Puritan Yankee ancestry. He attended Bates College (then called the Maine State Seminary). Foster enrolled at Bowdoin in 1860 and graduated from Bowdoin College in 1864 after receiving credit for time he spent in the 13th Regiment of the Maine Volunteer Infantry during the American Civil War. Foster studied law at Albany Law School and passed the bar exam in New York and Maine. Governor Robie appointed Foster to the Maine Supreme Judicial Court in 1884. After stepping down from the Supreme Court, Foster co-founded the firm of Foster and Hersey and remained active in the Republican Party, the Freemasons, Grand Army of the Republic and Odd Fellows. Enoch Foster died in 1913 and was buried at Evergreen Cemetery in Portland, Maine.
Raffi Hovannisian is a graduate of the University of California, Los Angeles, the Georgetown University Law Center and The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University. He is the eldest son of Richard Hovannisian, emeritus professor of Armenian and Near Eastern History at the University of California, Los Angeles, and Vartiter Hovannisian, MD. He is married and has five children.
In order to attend Brigham Young University, students must abide by the Brigham Young University Honor Code, which was recently reworded after several students, including gay and lesbian students, thought that the previous wording was confusing and unclear. Lauren Jackson, a lesbian BYU student, commented ``If BYU wants celibate students, it has every right to demand that and to limit behavior, but the issue with the Honor Code is not about lifestyle, it's about identity. Not being allowed to express an identity is very damaging.'' While both homosexuals and heterosexuals must abide by the church's law of chastity, the Honor Code additionally prohibits all forms of physical intimacy that give expression to homosexual feelings. There is no similarly spelled out restriction against expressing heterosexual feelings, although the church teaches that intimate heterosexual behaviors such as petting or fornication are unacceptable between unmarried couples. Advocacy of homosexuality and the promotion of homosexual relations as being morally acceptable was explicitly mentioned as ``against the honor code'' until a change of the Code in early 2011. It does make clear, however, that sexual orientation is not an honor code issue.
Kyle Williams attended Chaparral High School in Scottsdale, Arizona. In high school he was named The Arizona Republic Big School State Player of the Year, first-team All-American by EA Sports, all-state first-team by The Arizona Republic, AZFCA first-team 4A all-state, and the Barry Sollenberger High School Player of the Year. He also excelled in baseball and was drafted in the 47th round of the Major League Baseball draft by the Chicago White Sox in June, 20061.
Leonard S. Coleman, Jr. was the last, non-honorary president of the National League. He held the office until 1999 when it was eliminated by Major League Baseball. He is currently on the Board of Directors of H. J. Heinz Company, the Omnicom Group, Cendant Corporation, Aramark, Churchill Downs and Electronic Arts. He received a Master of Education from the Harvard Graduate School of Education and a Master of Public Administration from the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard.
Eugene moved to Home Gardens with his family in 1968. He attended St. Edwards School and graduated from Corona High School. Eugene also attended the University of California at Riverside as well as Cal Poly Pomona and RCC. Eugene Montanez was born in June, 1955 in California.
Known as 'Jack' to his relations and friends, Stobart was born in Swyre Rectory, Dorset, England, on 5 March 1878. His father, William Stobart, was the Rector, his mother was Susan Elizabeth (née Morris), the daughter of a farmer in Rutland, and he had two elder sisters. Soon after his birth his father was appointed Rector of Bermondsey in London and the family moved to London. He was educated at Rugby School and as a Bell Scholar at Trinity College Cambridge, obtaining his BA in 1901 (MA in 1904). He also studied briefly at Greifswald University in Germany and in Edinburgh, before becoming a teacher at Merchant Taylor's School in London.
Blumas was born in London, Ontario, Canada. Trevor Blumas went to school at the Lester B. Pearson School for the Arts, studying drama, music, dance, and art. Blumas was part of the Original Kids Theatre Company in Ontario alongside Rachel McAdams, and Amber Marshall. He was nominated in 1999 Young Artist Award for ``Best Performance'', for his performance in Stranger in Town. Blumas co-starred in the Disney film Ice Princess (2005) alongside Michelle Trachtenberg. Blumas studied film at Santa Monica College and is currently completing an honors degree in cinema studies and art history at the University of Toronto.
Roberts was born in Rhinebeck, Dutchess County, New York. She is the daughter of actor Eric Roberts and Kelly Cunningham. Emma Roberts is the stepdaughter of Eliza Roberts and Kelly Nickels (formerly of L.A. Guns) and the niece of actresses Julia Roberts and Lisa Roberts Gillan. She is part Native American. She has two stepsiblings, Morgan and Keaton Simons, and a half sister, Grace Nickels. Roberts attended Archer School for Girls in Brentwood, California from 2004--2005 for 7th and 8th grade.
John Carver was educated at Fort Street High School and obtained a first-class honours degree in physics in 1947 from the University of Sydney. On an Australian National University scholarship, he went to Cambridge and obtained a PhD in nuclear physics.
William Donald Albright was born on August 5, 1881 at South Cayuga, Ontario. In 1903, Albright graduated from the Ontario Agricultural College. That same year he became the assistant editor of the Maritime Farmer, a farming periodical based in New Brunswick. Leaving the Farmer in 1905, Albright subsequently became employed as an associate editor at the Farmer's Advocate, another agricultural publication. In 1908 he married Eva Belle Lossing, from Oxford County, Ontario.
David Crosthwait (May 27, 1898 -- 1976) was an African-American mechanical and electrical engineer, inventor, and writer. He was born in the city of Nashville, Tennessee. He grew up in Kansas City, Missouri. Once he completed high school he received a Bachelor of Science (1913) and a Masters of Engineering (1920) from Purdue University. He was granted an honorary doctoral degree in 1975 but died one year later.
Milan Uzelac was born on 8 April 1950 in Vršac (Serbia), where he received his elementary and secondary education. He studied Philosophy at the University of Belgrade, where he got his B.A. (1974) and M.A. (1980) degrees and was awarded a doctorate in philosophy from the University of Zagreb in 1985. He worked as a lecturer at the Teacher Training College in Kikinda (1981--1986), and his affiliation with the University of Novi Sad started in 1986, when he became an assistant professor in Theory of Art and Sociology of Art (1986--1990), then an associate professor in Esthetics (1990--1995). In 1995 he became a professor of philosophy at the University of Novi Sad, where he teaches courses in Esthetics and Ontology. At the Academy of Arts (University of Novi Sad) he teaches Esthetics, Philosophy of Music and History of Philosophy. In the period between October 2007 and summer 2010 he was a Professor of Middle Age and New Age Philosophy and Ontology at the Philosophical Faculty in Kosovska Mitrovica at the Department of Philosophy and Sociology. Since February 2011 he has been a Professor of the Main Streams of Contemporary Philosophy, Philosophy of Aesthetic Education and the Philosophical Grounds of Modern Pedagogic Theories at the Preschool Teacher Training College in Vršac.
David Emmes and Martin Benson attended San Francisco State University. After graduation, Emmes and Benson gathered a few San Francisco friends in summer 1963 to stage Arthur Schnitzler's La Ronde at the Off-Broadway Theatre in Long Beach, California.
Vladimir Lukov (Bulgarian: Владимир Луков) (June 2 1949) is a Bulgarian poet. He is a descendant of the repatriated family Tsipas Greek Macedonia, Agios Pandeleimon near Florina. He graduated Geography and Philosophy at Sofia University ``St. Kliment Ohridski''. Since 1969 he has published poetry. His poems have been released in many Bulgarian and Macedonian literary magazines and anthologies. He has written the books ``The man with prostheses''(1992), ``The scout''(1993), ``Ungodly incarnations'' (1999), ``A gorge'' (2001), `` Checking of the senses'' (2005), ``Providence'' (Skopie, 2006 library Balkan writers), ``Traces of wind'' (2007) and ``Fibres of infinity''(2011). Bulgarian literary criticism defines Vladimir Lukov's poetry as philosophical and enigmatic. The poet is a member of the Union of the free writers in Bulgaria.
Janet Billig Rich was born as Janet Sue Billig in 1967 in Long Island, New York to Priscilla and Norbert Billig. She has stated she loved music from a young age, and as a girl was obsessed with ``Nadia's Theme.'' While attending Calhoun High School on Long Island she became an avid fan of The Replacements, and drove around the country following their tours. She later graduated from New York University.
Mary Ellen Tracy (aka Sabrina Aset) (b. 1943) is the self-proclaimed high priestess of the Church of the Most High Goddess, who was convicted in 1989 of a single misdemeanor count of running a house of prostitution in connection with the operation of the church, located in West Los Angeles, California. Ms. Tracy is a graduate of the University of Miami, cum laude in chemistry, did graduate work in chemistry at UCLA, and received her masters in Environmental Sciences/Chemistry from Portland State University.
Frederick Schwarz was born in Brisbane, Australia, as the fourth of twelve children. His father was a Viennese Jew who emigrated to Australia after his conversion to Christianity. Fred Schwarz first obtained dual degrees in Arts and Science at the University of Queensland in Brisbane, and subsequently went on to complete a degree in Medicine. He specialized as both a general practitioner and psychiatrist, and kept a private practice at home in the Sydney suburb of Strathfield from 1953.
Ordained in 1722, he began his association with the county of Essex with a curacy at Great Waltham near Chelmsford in 1722. He was the Chaplain of the English Episcopal Church in Amsterdam from 1732 to 1734. In 1737 he became both the Rector of St Mary-at-the-Walls, Colchester as well as Rector of Aldham in Essex. During his time in Colchester, Morant wrote The History and Antiquities of Colchester, published in 1748; and his county history, The History and Antiquities of the County of Essex, published in two volumes between 1763 and 1768. He also conducted a number of excavations of Roman sites in and around the town. He married Anne Stebbing in 1739 and they had a daughter, Anna Maria. In 1755, Philip Morant was elected to the Fellowship of the Society of Antiquaries of London.
Karen R. Keesling was born in Wichita, Kansas on July 9, 1946. She was educated at Arizona State University, receiving a B.A. in 1968 and an M.A. in 1970.
Margaret A. Ellis is a notable author of computer books. She is the coauthor of The Annotated C++ Reference Manual, with Bjarne Stroustrup. She also coauthored Designing and Coding Reusable C++ with Martin D. Carroll (1995). She has worked for AT&T Bell Laboratories, UNIX System Laboratories, and Novell in compiler development. Margaret received a master of science degree in computer science from the University of California.
Delilah DiCrescenzo (born February 9, 1983) is an American distance runner. She competes in the women's 3000 meters steeplechase. She is a 2001 graduate of Queen of Peace High School in Burbank, IL and a 2005 graduate of Columbia University, where she majored in sociology. In May 2011, Delilah received her Masters degree in Sports Management, also from Columbia University. She now competes for the NY-NJ Track Club and continues to compete on a world wide level.
Dennis Tedlock (b. June 19, 1939) is the McNulty Professor of English and Research Professor of Anthropology at the State University of New York at Buffalo. He received his Ph.D. in 1968 from Tulane University. In 1986, he won the PEN Translation Prize for his book Popul Vuh: The Mayan Book of the Dawn of Life, and in 1997 was the joint recipient of the American Anthropological Association President's Award, along with his wife, Barbara Tedlock.
Frank Giacoia studied at Manhattan's School of Industrial Art (later the High School of Art and Design) and the Art Students League of New York. He broke into comics by penciling the feature ``Jack Frost'' in USA Comics #3 (Jan. 1942), published by Marvel Comics' 1940s precursor, Timely Comics. His friend and collaborator Carmine Infantino, a classmate at the Art Students League, recalled that
William R. Tyler was born in Paris in 1910. His father was an American and his mother was an Italian, Countess Elisina de Castelvecchio. His mother was the great-great-granddaughter of Louis Bonaparte, descending from Louis Bonaparte's illegitimate son François de Castelvecchio (1826-1869). Tyler was educated at Balliol College, Oxford.
The Philadelphia Inquirer printed an article by David L. McColgin, who described working as a lawyer for a Guanntanamo captive named Muhammed Qasim. The US Department of Defense released what it described as a full list of all the captives who had been held, in military custody, in Guantanamo. It only lists two individuals named Qasim: A Yemeni named Khaled Qasim, and a Uyghur named Abu Bakr Qasim. Muhammed Qasim is not listed. McColgin wrote that Qasim attended his Combatant Status Review Tribunal in 2004.
Muir S. Fairchild graduated from Olympia High School in 1913, then entered the US Army's Signal Corps in 1913 in a reserve unit in Seattle, Washington, while he was a student at the University of Washington. In 1916, he entered the Washington National Guard with the rank of sergeant, and his unit was deployed in the search for Pancho Villa along the Mexican border, where he spent much time in a horse saddle in the desert heat. Watching observation planes flying overhead in the Unites State's first armed conflict using airplanes, Fairchild was an easy recruit when flyboys were being sought to fight with the French and Italians in the developing war in Europe, before the US entered WWI. Fairchild fought the Germans from the air over the Rhine, including night bombing missions, in an era when bombs were still being released from the grasp of the bombardier. A year later Fairchild became a flying cadet at Berkeley, California, getting his wings and commission in the Army's Aviation Section in January 1918.
Mario P. Fiori was born in Germany and raised in Brooklyn. He attended the United States Naval Academy, graduating in 1963. He also received an M.S. and Ph.D. in nuclear engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Born in Greenville, the daughter of Bob Jones University staff members Bob and Barb Taylor, Nanny graduated with a business degree from BJU in 1987. She worked as a staff assistant in Washington for the Senate Foreign Relations Committee when it was headed by Senator Jesse Helms. Nanney served as chairman of the Greenville County Republican Party, 2006--07, and treasurer of the Upstate Republican Women's Club, 2003--06.
Wicks was born in Hatfield, Hertfordshire to Arthur Wicks, a Labour member of the London County Council and later Greater London Council. He was educated at the independent Elizabeth College, Guernsey; North West London Polytechnic and the London School of Economics gaining a BSc in Sociology.
He and his wife, Helena, a naturalized citizen from Sweden, moved to old Littleton in Arapahoe County in 1995 and then to their home in south Jefferson County in 1997. He has volunteered regularly at the schools of his three children: David (21), who graduated from Columbine High School and now attends Columbia University; Lisa (17), currently a junior at Columbine; and Karl (11). Flerlage played varsity hockey in high school and college and continues to play on a local adult team. He particularly enjoys coaching hockey. He started the Columbine Hockey Club and later became a high school coach at Columbine when that school formed a CHSAA (varsity) hockey team. Flerlage is a Level 5 coach with USA Hockey and is also a member of the Colorado Governor's Council for Physical Fitness http://www.shapeupchallenge.org/index.htm.
Gian Andrea Pagnoni was born in Ferrara, Italy on July 15, 1966. He graduated with a degree in Biological Sciences from the University of Ferrara (M.A. equivalent, summa cum laude) in 1992. From 1990 to 1991 he attended the National University of Ireland, Galway, where he conducted research for an applied thesis in Ecology. Since 1993, Gian Andrea Pagnoni has worked as an independent researcher conducting environmental assessments and environmental project management (EIA, SEA, impact assessment and ecological networks). In 1998 he received his Ph.D. in Applied Ecology from the University of Parma. In 2001 he co-founded the Istituto Delta di Ecologia Applicata Srl (Delta Institute of Applied Ecology), a spin-off project of the University of Ferrara (National Research Register No. 53172DPY, Quality Management System UNI EN ISO 9001:2008).
Soraya Marcano (b. Puerto Rico) is a visual artist based in New York City. She studied at the University of Puerto Rico and completed a Master degree in Fine Arts at Pratt Institute.
Zvi Keren started to learn piano at the age of 7. In high-school he started to play popular songs. A record of Fats Waller and his rhythm attracted him to jazz, and he decided to make music his profession. He resumed serious piano study (1935--36) with Nadia Reisenberg (Teddy Wilson's teacher) and Paolo Gallico, and studied composition and theory (1939--43) with Joseph Schillinger, who authorized him personally to teach his system. Among his favorite pianists: Billy Kyle, AI Haig, Andre Previn and Bob James. During the 1940s Keren was professionally known as Howard Kirn. He conducted much musical activity throughout the US, and served as a pianist and arranger with the bands of Reggie Childs and Ray Kinney; as an accompanist and coach of singers in both jazz and popular music; as an arranger for bands, night-club acts and singers; as a teacher of arranging and composition in schools and privately; as a teacher of piano technique; as a pianist in New York night-clubs and hotels; as a Pianist for the television station WPIX, New York City; as a Conductor-pianist for U.S.O. (United Service Organizations) during World War II - on which occasion Keren extensively toured continental US and Alaska playing with bands accompanying well known singers. In 1946 Keren received his M.A. in composition from Columbia University. In those years he also studied musicology with Curt Sachs, Paul Henry Lang and Gustave Reese.
Hurdis Ravenshaw was born in June 1869 to John Hurdis Ravenshaw and his second wife Harriet Lalande Biggs. His elder half-brother was Thomas Edward Ravenshaw. He was educated at Haileybury and Imperial Service College and from there joined the militia, using this posting to gain a commission in the East Yorkshire Regiment in December 1888. Seeking action, in August 1890 he transferred to the Devonshire Regiment who were sent to India and went on campaign in 1895 as part of the Chitral Relief Force which overthrew the Shah of Chitral and replaced him with a pro-British relative.
Bennet Allen (fl. 1761--1782) was an English miscellaneous writer. He was educated at Wadham College, Oxford, where he took the degree of B.A. 16 November 1757, and that of M.A. 12 July 1760. He subsequently appears to have taken holy orders, for which his writings prove him to have been singularly unfitted, and to have settled in London. Patronised by leaders of society of doubtful reputation, he apparently obtained a livelihood for some time by pandering in the press to the fashionable vices of the age. His first work, a ''Poem inscribed to his Britannic Majesty,`` published in 1761, shortly after the accession of George III of England, is unobjectionable; but in 1768 he is generally credited with aiding the son of the Marquis of Granby to defend Lord Baltimore, who was awaiting his trial in Newgate on a charge of rape, by the publication of an anonymous pamphlet entitled ''Modern Chastity; or the Agreeable Rape, a poem by a young gentleman of sixteen in vindication of the Right Hon. Lord B----e.`` The production chiefly consists of a coarse attack on the Methodist sect, to which the prosecutrix in the case against Lord Baltimore belonged. It is attributed to Allen on the fairly certain ground of a contemporary manuscript note in the copy at the British Museum, stating it to be ''undoubtedly by the well-known Rev. Bennet Allen. `` Horace Walpole is believed to refer to this work and to another on a kindred topic, of which Allen is also assumed to be the author, in a letter to the Countess of Ossory, dated 5 January 1774. ''The present Lord Granby (who had succeeded to the title in 1770),`` he writes, ''is an author, and has written a poem on ``Charity'' (i.e. a probable misreading for ''Chastity``), and in prose a ``Modest Apology for Adultery.'' ... They say his lordship writes in concert with a very clever young man, whose name I have forgotten. `` A shilling pamphlet, entitled ''A Modest Apology for the prevailing Practice of Adultery,`` was announced for publication in August 1773 in the ''Gentleman's Magazine`` (p. 398), but nothing further is known of it, and it may possibly have been suppressed.
Cannon faced Democrat Christian Burridge, a consumer rights attorney and also a graduate of Brigham Young University's Law School, in November, as well as Jim Noorlander (Constitution Party) and Phil Hallman (Libertarian party). In the general election, Cannon received 92,621 votes (58%), Burridge 51,396 (32%), Noorlander 14,116 (9%) and Hallman 1,998 votes (1%). Cannon's 58 percent was somewhat closer than expected, given the heavy Republican tilt of his district.
It is the summer of 1987 and James Brennan (Jesse Eisenberg), an incidental virgin, has just graduated with a degree in comparative literature from Oberlin College. He is looking forward to touring Europe for the summer and going to Columbia University for graduate school in journalism, when his parents (Wendie Malick and Jack Gilpin) announce they won't be able to help him financially.
Patrick Baeuerle studied biology at the University of Konstanz, Germany. He did his Ph.D. work with Wieland B. Huttner at the Max Planck Institute of Neurobiology in Martinsried, Germany, and at the European Molecular Biology Laboratory in Heidelberg, and received his Ph.D. degree (summa cum laude) from the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich. His postdoctoral training was with Nobel laureate David Baltimore at the Whitehead Institute in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Samuel was educated at Wesley College, Melbourne, and studied law at both the University of Melbourne (LLB) and Monash University (LLM). He has had a long career in law, working as a partner in Melbourne law firm Phillips Fox & Masel (now part of DLA Piper), and in business served as the executive director of Macquarie Bank from 1981 to 1986.
Crawford was born in Lubbock and raised in Dallas, Texas. His father, Chris, is a dermatologist, and his mother, Dana, is a teacher. He also has a younger sister, former beauty queen Candice Crawford. He lived in Bloomington, Minnesota for four years and then graduated high school from Trinity Christian Academy. After high school, he moved to Malibu, California, to attend Pepperdine University, where he studied broadcast journalism. He struggled to identify a career path, switching to business.
Adam Kieft (born August 21, 1982) is a former American football offensive lineman for the Cincinnati Bengals of the NFL. Kieft attended Rockford High School in Rockford, Michigan. He was selected with the 17th pick of the fifth round (153rd overall) of the 2005 NFL Draft out of Central Michigan University. He was redshirted his freshman year of college due to a broken foot and started the following four years as an offensive tackle for the Chippewas. He stands 6'7`` tall and weighs 337 lbs.
Bryan Horrigan is an Australian researcher, consultant, commentator and professional speaker on specialised legal, business, and governmental topics. He is The recipient of a Rhodes Scholarship, Horrigan earned a D. Phil. in Law from University College, Oxford then became a professor at University of Canberra and Macquarie University. Horrigan has subsequently left Macquarie University. He has contributed a dozen papers to academic and professional publications and authored three books. His published research has been cited by judges, parliamentary committees, academics, legal practitioners, and regulatory bodies. Professor Horrigan currently holds the Louis Waller Chair of Law and is the Associate Dean (Research) at Monash University.
Hochuli resides in the Phoenix metropolitan area. He has a total of six children and ten grandchildren. He and his wife Cathie reside in Arizona. Of the six kids, Shawn Hochuli played college football at Pomona College and is following his father's profession as an official, currently working college football, Arena Football League, and arenafootball2 games - on August 13, 2011, a day after his father refereed a preseason game between the New England Patriots and Jacksonville Jaguars, Shawn was head referee for ArenaBowl XXIV between the Jacksonville Sharks and Arizona Rattlers. Scott Hochuli owns Hochuli Construction Team L.L.C., a company that specializes in residential construction in the Phoenix area. Two of Ed Hochuli's brothers are in law. Ed Hochuli's distant cousin, Ryan Guerdan, is also a referee. He refs for the University of South Florida Intramural division, where he is a second year veteran. Just like his cousin, Ryan is consistently rated as one of the best officials in the league.
Henry William Poor was born in Bangor, Maine, in 1844, the son of Henry Varnum Poor. The family moved to New York City when he was five years old, and he spent his youth there. He attended Harvard College, graduating in 1865.
Peyton Leverett is the male protagonist and love interest of Sharpay Evans in Sharpay's Fabulous Adventure. He is a film student at New York University who is assigned to keep an eye on Sharpay while she's in town, and immediately finds her interesting and decides to make her his filming subject of ``A special story in New York''.
Barack Obama's half-brother, son of Ruth Nidesand and Barack Obama Sr. He runs an Internet company called WorldNexus that advises Chinese corporations how best to reach international customers. Mark graduated from Brown University, studied physics at Stanford University, received an MBA from Emory University, and has lived in Shenzhen, China, since 2002. Through his mother, he is Jewish and is married to Liu Xuehua (also spelled Liu Zue Hua in some reports), a Chinese woman from Henan Province. He is also an accomplished pianist. In November 2009, he held a press conference for the upcoming publication of his semi-autobiographical novel Nairobi to Shenzhen, and stated that he also planned to write a proper autobiography which would go into more detail about his relationship with Barack Obama.
Jonathan Brent was born in 1949 to bookstore owner Stuart Brent and his wife Jeanette who died when Jonathan was five. He received a B.A. from Columbia University, and an M.A. and Ph.D. in English literature from the University of Chicago.
Pete Wernick was born in New York City and began playing the banjo at the age of fourteen. He pursued studies at Columbia University, hosting New York City's only bluegrass radio program in the 1960s on WKCR-FM and earning a Ph.D. in sociology, thus the moniker ``Dr. Banjo''. In 1970 while working at Cornell University, he formed Country Cooking in Ithaca, New York together with Tony Trischka, Russ Barenberg, John Miller, and Nondi Leonard. They recorded two albums for Rounder Records, adding the talents of Kenny Kosek, Harry Gilmore (later known as Lou Martin), and Andy Statman.
Pericle Martinescu studied Literature and Philosophy at the University of Bucharest. His first poems appeared in Gazeta Transilvaniei, a local magazine. As a student he contributed to Vremea, România Literară, Revista Fundaţiilor Regale, Viaţa Literară, Meşterul Manole and Dacia Rediviva.
Gunnar von Heijne graduated 1975 with a Master of Science degree in chemistry and chemical engineering from the Royal Institute of Technology (KTH). He then became a doctoral student in theoretical physics at KTH, in a research group focussing on statistical mechanics and theoretical biophysics, and was awarded his Ph.D. in 1980. In 1983 he was made docent in theoretical biophysics at KTH, where he remained until 1988. 1982-1985 he was active as a science reporter at Sveriges Radio. 1989-1994 he was active at Karolinska Institutet, and in 1994 he was made a professor in theoretical chemistry at Stockholm University.
He and his parents were forced to flee from Nazi Germany in 1933, and reached Palestine via France and England in 1935. Georg Haas (1905--1981), an emigrant from Austria who was Professor in Jerusalem, guided his PhD at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. During his long scientific career, Werner published more than 400 titles. Among other things, the biology of the geckos, including their vocal communication, as well as the zoogeography and conservation of the reptiles and amphibians in the Middle East are his main themes. Werner was a co-founder of the Society for the Protection of Nature in Israel and served as chairperson of the Zoological Society of Israel.
John Croghan was born in Jefferson County, Kentucky on April 23, 1790. He attended the College of William and Mary, starting in 1807 and graduated in 1809. From 1810 to 1813, he was a student at the University of Pennsylvania's School of Medicine. He then returned to Kentucky where he helped establish the Louisville Marine Hospital in 1823, serving as its director until 1832.
Bulkeley Wells was born in Chicago on March 10, 1872, to businessman Samuel Edgar Wells and Marry Agnes Bulkeley. He was educated at Roxbury Latin School and at Harvard University. He married into the wealthy family of Colonel Thomas L. Livermore, to daughter Grace Livermore. He moved to Telluride, Colorado, and joined the executive board of the Telluride Mining Association, and headed up the San Miguel County Citizens' Alliance (SMCCA). He had a deputy sheriff's commission, and was captain of Troop A of the Colorado National Guard. He was also a Mason, and an Elk. Wells became president and manager of the Smuggler-Union Mining Company after the murder of Arthur L. Collins.
George Newman was educated at Sidcot School in North Somerset (1881--1885) and then at the Quaker Bootham School in York (1885--1887). He studied medicine at the University of Edinburgh and then King's College London before gaining his MD (winning the gold medal) and then becoming a demonstrator in bacteriology and lecturer in infectious diseases at King's. In 1900 he became Medical Officer to the Borough of Finsbury in inner London and rural county of Bedfordshire in England. His experiences in these posts led him to publish Infant Mortality: a Social Problem in 1906. This has remained a medical classic, pointing out the unchanged infant mortality rate over the preceding 50 years, and identifying the causes and areas potentially open to intervention. In 1907 he became the Chief Medical Officer to the Board of Education, and in 1919 he also was appointed as Chief Medical Officer to the Ministry of Health. The annual reports he wrote for both these posts were widely acclaimed as important and influential
Jill Saward (b. 14 January 1965 Liverpool) is best known as the victim of the 1986 Ealing Vicarage Rape, a crime that scandalized the UK and led indirectly to changes in the law. She was educated at Lady Margaret School. Her father, Rev Michael Saward, became vicar of St Mary's, Ealing, in 1978.
Patrick Baeuerle studied biology at the University of Konstanz, Germany. He did his Ph.D. work with Wieland B. Huttner at the Max Planck Institute of Neurobiology in Martinsried, Germany, and at the European Molecular Biology Laboratory in Heidelberg, and received his Ph.D. degree (summa cum laude) from the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich. His postdoctoral training was with Nobel laureate David Baltimore at the Whitehead Institute in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
In 1929 she married John Gerald Norris (1903-1990), a future Victoria Supreme Court jurist, later styled as Sir John Norris; they had two daughters, Rosemary (born 1933) and Jane (born 1938). Rosemary would later be known as the Hon. Rosemary Balmford, a barrister, lawyer, law lecturer and judge. Jane completed architecture at the University of Melbourne, worked extensively in Theatre and film production design in the UK and became head of Design at the Australian Film, Television and Radio School (AFTRS; 1988-1994).
Alex (Rich Sommer) is a student at the Pratt Institute in New York who quickly befriends Pam during her summer internship. The two share a couple of jokes about two of the professors in ``Weight Loss''. He makes another appearance in ``Customer Survey'', where he tries to convince Pam to not return to Scranton, but instead stay in New York to pursue her career in art.
Edmund Jenkins (April 9, 1894 -- 1926) was an African American composer during the Harlem Renaissance. Jenkins studied music at Morehouse College in Atlanta with Kemper Herrald, and played and directed the bands of his father's orphanage in Charleston, SC. He went to England with the band in 1914 and remained there studying at the venerable Royal Academy of Music 1914-1921. He spent the most of his life abroad.
Raja Ramanna, a native of Bombay, was born in 1924 to a Hebbar Iyengar family in British Indian Empire. Ramanna was a versatile scholar, interested in classical Western music, Western literature, and science. He began his studies at Bishop Cotton Boys' School, Bangalore, where he mostly studied literature and classical musics. He later attended Madras Christian College and resided at St.Thomas's Hall where he continued his interests in arts and literature but soon shifted to physics. At Madras Christian College, Ramanna obtained B.Sc. in Physics and gained B.A. degree in Classical music in 1947.
Ian Gordon earned his PhD in History at the University of Rochester. He is perhaps best known for his book Comic Strips and Consumer Culture. In addition to his book he has published two co-edited books Comics & Ideology and Film and Comic Books and numerous articles. He writes a blog History Futures on an occasional basis.
Representative Seaton has a wife: Tina, and two children: Tawny and Rand. Paul Seaton studied crustacean population ecology at the University of California, Santa Barbara from 1974--1976, and graduated from Alaska Vocational Technical Center in Diesel Mechanics in 1979.
William Harris was born at Springfield, Massachusetts, April 29, 1765. His mother was Sarah, a granddaughter of Wm. Pynchon, the founder of Springfield, and his father Daniel was a deacon in the Congregational Church. Harris graduated from Harvard College in 1786, and he began as a minister, but soon retired due to health issues. He turned to the study of medicine and during that time converted to the Episcopalian Church. His health recovered and he rejoined the ministry.
Charles Rounds attended Philips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts from 1960 to 1964 and Gresham's School, in Holt, England from 1964 to 1965 as part of an English-Speaking Union exchange scholarship. He then became an undergraduate student at Columbia University, earned a BA, and enrolled in Suffolk University Law School where he received a Juris Doctor in 1976. Later he received a certificate in German from the Defense Language Institute in Monterey.
Claudia Dain attended the University of Southern California as an English major.
James is of Haitian and Vincentian descent and graduated from Livingston High School in Livingston, New Jersey. As a child, she sang and acted in church and in school performances. She was nominated for a Rising Star Award at Paper Mill Playhouse for her performance as Dolly Levi in high school. She later attended the Tisch School of the Arts at New York University.
Herman Vedel was born on 1 March 1875 in Copenhagen. He was educated at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts from 1894 to 1897 and at the Zahrtmann Schoolfrom 1896 to 1899. After his debut at Charlottenborg with ``Portrait of a young girl'' in 1900 (Danish National Gallery), he quickly became a sought after portraitist.
George Davidsohn attended the American Academy of Dramatic Arts and was a part of several Off-Broadway productions. He is also an avid baseball fan and had a tryout, as a shortstop, for the Brooklyn Dodgers. He and his wife, Denise, have 6 children and currently live in Miami.
Lewis was born in Hampstead, North London. Raised by his paternal grandparents in Cape Town, South Africa, until the age of 15, he then went to London to live with his father Neville Lewis. His grandfather had been mayor of Cape Town. He studied medicine at Jesus College, Cambridge, before enlisting as a doctor in the South African Air Force in 1943, and married Alexandra ``Bunty'' Moore in 1946. In 1948 he was appointed consultant at Guy's Hospital in London, and was consultant for Queen Charlotte's Maternity Hospital and Chelsea Hospital for Women from 1950 until his retirement in 1983.
Shaun Eli Breidbart (born 1961) is an American stand-up comedian and comedy writer. Shaun graduated from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania with dual majors in marketing and economics. While at Penn he was a member of the Varsity Lightweight Crew (rowing team) and he taught Advanced Lifesaving as an American Red Cross Water Safety Instructor while pursuing his undergraduate degree and taking a few graduate courses outside of his majors.
Matt Squire was born in Washington, D.C. on May 7, 1976 to John Squire and Lynn Zwerin. He was drawn to music at an early age. He got his first guitar at age 8 and he taught himself how to play drums at age 10. Squire attended high school at Georgetown Day School and graduated in 1994. He went on to attend Boston University and graduated in 1999.
Dr. Hamid Fazeli is the fifth president of the Iranian Space Agency who is appointed since the establishment of ISA. He holds a PhD degree in Mechanics from the Sharif University of Technology in Tehran. Before appointment as the in-charge of the presidency of ISA he was working as the president of the Iran Aerospace Research Institute (ARI) of Iran since February 2009.
He was born in Schleswig, Federal Republic of Germany, 14 June 1967. His mother, Ulrike Geissler (born 1942) was a librarian. His father, Siegfried Wölk (born 1937), was an army officer. Ekkehard's classical music teachers and professors were Kevin McKenna (Dublin, Ireland); Hartmut Leistritz (conservatory of Lubeck); Prof. Eliza Hansen (conservatory of Hamburg); and Gunther Daubler (conservatory of Wurzburg). His jazz improvisation teachers were Walter Norris, Dieter Glawischnig, Richie Beirach, Philip Catherine, John Taylor, Fred Hersch, and Barry Harris. He started piano training at the age of seven in the classical tradition of Leschetitzky and his famous adepts Artur Schnabel and Edwin Fischer. Eventually he came to put emphasis on the major works of Bach, Beethoven, Brahms and Debussy. After graduating from high school in 1987 he studied historical and systematic musicology at the University of Hamburg, and later at the Humboldt University in Berlin.
Browne was the son of John Browne of Frampton, Dorset. He matriculated at Magdalen College, Oxford on 13 October 1598, aged 16. He was a student of the Middle Temple in 1599. In 1621, he was elected Member of Parliament for Bridport. He was re-elected MP for Bridport in 1628 but his election was declared void on 12 April. In June 1641 he was elected MP for Dorset in the Long Parliament and sat until 1653, surviving Pride's Purge in 1648. He was a commissioner on the trial of the King in 1649, but did not act.
Graham Stokes benefited from a first rate education. He attended the Sheffield Scientific School of Yale University, receiving his Ph.B. degree there in 1892, before going on to obtain a M.D. degree from Columbia University in 1896 -- although he never practiced medicine. Following the reception of his doctor's degree, Stokes continued with a year of graduate study of political science, also at Columbia.
Donald E. Noble was a former CEO of Rubbermaid from 1959 up to his retirement in 1980. During his tenure, Rubbermaid made the transformation from rubber products to plastic products, increased sales and developed a business plan which provided innovation through research and development. Donald E. Noble was a noted benefactor to the College of Wooster, his alma mater. He also quietly made many philanthropic gifts to the local community, often anonymously With his wife (Alice) he formed the Donald and Alice Noble Foundation in Wooster, Ohio. He also helped found TechniGraphics, Inc. a mapping and engineering services company in Wooster, Ohio.
Harold Johnson was born in Evanston, Illinois. Johnson attended Northwestern University and got his B.S. in Biology in 1977. Johnson played his first game of Dungeons & Dragons in 1976; he soon became an avid player, and attended his first Gen Con convention in Lake Geneva in 1977. ``I was very surprised to find that TSR was located so close to Chicago.'' After graduating from college, Johnson continued to work odd jobs, and play games.
Matt Zimmerman is a Canadian actor best known as the voice of Alan Tracy in Thunderbirds, the TV series, as well as the movies Thunderbirds are GO and Thunderbird 6. He also attended Bowling Green State University where he was a telecommunications major.
Born in Belfast, he was the youngest son of a Protestant family of twelve, six of whom survived. His mother, his father's second wife, came from an aristocratic Shropshire family. Although proud of this ancestry, he found the strict Protestant ethics of his immediate family constricting. Reid was educated at the Royal Belfast Academical Institution, after which he was initially apprenticed into the Belfast tea-trade before going to Christ's College, Cambridge, where he read medieval and modern languages, and was influenced by the novelist E. M. Forster. Despite this he described his Cambridge experience as 'a rather blank interlude' in life. Graduating in 1908, he returned to Belfast to pursue a writing career; his first book, The Kingdom of Twilight, had been published in 1904. After graduation Forster continued to visit Reid, who was then settled back in Belfast. In 1952 Forster travelled to Belfast to unveil a plaque commemorating Forrest Reid's life (at 13 Ormiston Crescent).
E. Imre Friedmann (1921-June 11, 2007) was a biologist, Robert O. Lawton Distinguished Professor of Biology at Florida State University and the NASA Ames Research Center, and Director, Polar Desert Research Center. He studied endolithic microbial communities and astrobiology. After escaping the Holocaust, Friedmann received his Ph.D. in botany from the University of Vienna, Austria in 1951, and he died on June 11, 2007.
Caitlin Shetterly graduated from Brown University with Honors in English and American Literature. Her first book, a collection of short stories she edited, was entitled ''Fault Lines: Stories of Divorce'' and was published in 2001 (Putnam Berkley Group).
Shimizu Higashi High School soccer team is a prestigious team, and a number of professional soccer players have graduated Shimizu Higashi High School. Atsuto Uchida, a soccer player of the Japanese national soccer team graduated from Shimizu Higashi High School in 2006. Nobuhiro Takeda graduated from Shimizu Higashi High School in 1985 and played for the Tokyo Verdy senior squad. Naohiro Takahara, a former national team player, graduated from Shimizu Higashi High School in 1997 and played in Bundesliga in Germany. Takahiro Yamanishi, a former soccer player and a current soccer coach, graduated Shimizu Higashi High School and played for Júbilo Iwata and Shimizu S-Pulse. Hiromasa Yamamoto, a former soccer player, graduated from Shimizu Higashi High School and played in Júbilo Iwata.
Ben Gotting (born 15 February 1981 in Dubai, UAE) is a rugby union player for London Scottish, having previously represented Guinness Premiership clubs London Wasps and Worcester Warriors. He has represented England U21, England Students and English Universities. His usual position is Hooker. He went to school at Court Moor School, Peterhouse in Zimbabwe and Farnborough Sixth Form College, and attended Brunel University.
Garba Nadama obtained a PhD in History from Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria in 1977.
Jon Briggs was educated at Magdalen College School, Oxford. His work spans Radio, TV, Voice-Over, Training and Conferences. He started in radio in 1981 as tea boy and progressed to the breakfast show with BBC Radio Oxford aged 19.
Igor Khudolei (born in 1940)is a known Soviet pianist and composer. He graduated from the Moscow Conservatory and post-graduate courses under Professor Ya. Flier (piano). Igor Khudolei attended the classes of Professor S.Balasanyan (composition). Khudolei is a laureate of several competitions - International Pianists (Lisbon, 1946), All-Union Pianists Competition (Kiev, 1970), and All-Union Composers Competition (Moscow, 1963).
Nikolai Markovnikov attended the Imperial Academy of Arts in 1888-1892. He founded the very first technical and construction engineering courses for women in 1905-1916 and Department of Architecture at the Moscow Polytechnical Institute for Women. In 1914, Nikolai Markovnikov was appointed chief architect of the Moscow Kremlin and remained on this post until 1919. He supervised the restoration of the walls and towers of the Kremlin and then the re-equipping of the governmental establishments in 1918. Nikolai Markovnikov designed and built the Small Circular Railway in 1903-1910 (Малая Окружная железная дорога, today known as the Small Circle of the Moscow Railway) and the Sokol settlement in a Moscow neighborhood.
George J. Graham, Jr., was born in Dayton, Ohio. He received his B.A. from Wabash College in 1960 and his Ph.D. from Indiana University in 1965. He was a member of the faculty of the political science faculty at Vanderbilt from 1963 until his death on November 30, 2006. He taught courses in political theory, for undergraduates, and in political theory, philosophy of social science, and democratic theory for graduate students. Graduate students were always his focus. Graham was a central figure in the Vanderbilt graduate program for many years; by the late 1980s-early 1990s, he was arguably the closest faculty member to the graduate students. In that era, he was adviser, and/or friend, to a number of graduate students who went on to successful careers.
He comes from the village of Karare. In his early twenties, Lekuton left for America to study Government, Economics and History at St. Lawrence University in upstate New York. He taught at The Langley School in McLean, Virginia, before leaving for Harvard University where he earned a Masters degree in International Education policy at the Harvard Graduate School of Education. Joseph Lekuton is a prolific writer and a gifted public speaker. His book Facing the Lion: Growing Up Maasai in the African Savanna was published by the National Geographic.
In 1964, Joy Bale Boone went on to found the literary magazine Approaches. She held the position of editor of the magazine until 1975. She was also the editor for the 1964 and 1967 Contemporary Poetry collections. Bale Boone has had many individual poems published, but her most significant work was The Storm's Eye: A Narrative in Verse Celebrating Cassius Marcellus Clay, Man of Freedom 1810-1903. Her two collections of poetry include: Never Less Than Love (1972) and Even Without Love (1992). Joy Bale Boone received the Distinguished Kentuckian Award from KET in 1974. She also received the Sullivan Award from the University of Kentucky in 1969. Finally, in 1997, Joy Bale Boone was honored by being named the Kentucky Poet Laureate.
Yutaka Ikejima was born on March 30, 1948. He studied Literature at Waseda University. He first entered the entertainment business in the late 1970s as an actor with Shuji Terayama's theatrical group Tenjō Sajiki.
Education opportunities expanded for her in 1884 when McGill College opened their arts faculty to women. She was part of their third class of women and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in 1890. Other graduates in that class included Maude Abbott and Carrie Matilda Derick. She earned her Master of Arts from McGill in 1894; sharing the honour of being the first woman to do so with one other lady. She received further post graduate education from Harvard University. This work was not recognized with a further degree as Harvard was not awarding degrees to women at that time.
Hoffmann was born in Prague-Smíchov, as the ninth child of weaver Karel Hoffmann. He was a weak child, and one of his older brothers chose for him the violin as a ``lighter work''. In 1885 he began his studies at the Prague Conservatory, as a pupil in the class of Antonín Bennewitz. The first important event of his career was his entry to the chamber music class of Hanuš Wihan. There he met Josef Suk, Oskar Nedbal and Otto Berger -- his future colleagues and collaborators from the Bohemian Quartet. They founded the quartet officially in 1892, and the activity of the ensemble lasted 42 years. Hoffmann was the only permanent member of the ensemble throughout its 1892-1934 existence. In 1934, after the death of violist Jiří Herold, Hoffmann together with Ladislav Zelenka and Jan Heřman founded the Bohemian Trio.
Cynthia Holz (born 1950 in New York City, New York, United States) is an American-born Canadian author. She graduated in English in 1971 from the City University of New York. She moved to Toronto, Canada in 1976 while working as the Canadian correspondent for Business Week magazine. She began publishing short stories in 1980 in literary journals and anthologies such as The Malahat Review and The Fiddlehead. She has written essays and book reviews for The Globe and Mail, The Ottawa Citizen, Quill & Quire and The National Post. She has published five novels and one collection of short stories. Her latest novel, Benevolence, was released in Spring 2011 by Knopf Canada.
Eric Limeback (born c. 1992) is Canadian speedcuber. He is known for his 11/11 multiblindfold solve, as well as his 3x3x3 and BLD. He is currently ranked 9th in the world for speedsolving the Rubik's Cube. In Canada he is ranked second behind Harris Chan. Limeback began solving the Rubik's Cube when he was in Grade 9. He graduated from the Marc Garneau Collegiate Institute in 2010. His official YouTube channel has tutorials on how to solve a Rubik's cube blindfolded.
Heather Neff (born January 29, 1957) is an African-American novelist and award-winning university professor. Born in Akron, Ohio, at the age of 13 her family moved to Detroit, where she graduated from Lewis Cass Technical High School in 1975 with a degree in music. She took a B.A. with ``high distinction'' from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor. After graduating in 1978 she studied French at the Sorbonne, and then lived in Switzerland, where she studied at the University of Basel and the University of Zurich. She received a licentiate in English Literature and Linguistics, Comparative Literature and French Linguistics in 1987, and, in 1990, a Doctorate in English Literature at the University of Zurich. Currently, she is a professor at Eastern Michigan University in Ypsilanti, Michigan, where she specializes in the literature of the African Diaspora. Neff currently serves as the Director of the McNair Scholars Program, a federal TRiO program.
Strand was born on Summerside, Prince Edward Island, Canada. His early years were spent in North America, while much of his teenage years were spent in South and Central America. In 1957, he earned his B.A. from Antioch College in Ohio. Strand then studied painting under Josef Albers at Yale University where he earned a B.F.A in 1959. On a Fulbright Scholarship, Strand studied nineteenth-century Italian poetry in Italy during 1960-1961.
In athletics, two Basketball Hall of Fame players or coaches have graduated from Providence College: Lenny Wilkens and John Thompson. In addition, two-time NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament champion, Florida Gators men's basketball head coach Billy Donovan, graduated from Providence College. Big East Conference commissioner John Marinatto is a Providence College graduate, while Toronto Maple Leafs general manager Brian Burke, New Jersey Devils CEO/President Lou Lamoriello, and Boston Celtics president Rich Gotham are also alumni.
He was born in Wollongong on the 8th Jan. 1960 and then returned to Italy until finally moving back to Australia at the age of 17. Walter Bugno attended Patrician Brothers' College, Fairfield where he introduced football(soccer) to the school curriculum.
Pearson is a resident of Des Moines, Iowa and is married to Christa Dickson. Dickson helps develop and maintain Iowa Pulic Televisions's websites and also helps run Mad Norwegian Press. She graduated from Coe College in 2001.
He was a member of the Belgian delegation to the Paris Peace Conference in 1919 and to the League of Nations Assembly (1920-21). In other efforts to foster world peace, he founded the Centre Intellectuel Mondial (later merged into the League of Nations Institute for Intellectual Co-operation) and proposed such organizations as a world school and university, and a world parliament. He is the co-founder of Institut International de Bibliographie (which later became the International Federation for Information and Documentation, FID) along with Paul Otlet. It was in this role that he and Otlet attended the World Congress of Universal Documentation in 1937.
Thomas Lee Ballenger (December 22, 1882 November 8, 1987) was a historian, author and teacher. He was born in Rover, Arkansas on December 22, 1882. Ballenger received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Ouachita Baptist College in 1905 and began teaching in Mountain Home, Arkansas. He quickly transitioned from teaching to school administration in Loco, Oklahoma and Magnum, Oklahoma. After this time, Ballenger attended the University of Chicago to earn a second BA, and where he would eventually also earn a Masters degree in History. In 1918, he married Mildred Josephine Parks, a member of the Cherokee Nation, with whom he had one son, Tom Jr. Due in part to his marriage to Parks, Ballenger focused his further studies in Cherokee history while receiving his doctorate from the University of Oklahoma. Ballenger died at age 104, on November 8, 1987.
Born in Mountain City, Tennessee, Greer received a B.S. from East Tennessee State University in 1974 and a J.D. from the University of Tennessee College of Law in 1980. He was a Special assistant, Gov. Lamar Alexander, Nashville, Tennessee from 1980 to 1981. He was in private practice in Tennessee in 1981. He was a Campaign manager, Robert Beard U.S. Senate Campaign from 1981 to 1982. He was in private practice in Greeneville, Tennessee from 1983 to 2003. He was a County attorney of Greene County, Tennessee from 1985 to 1986. He was a State senator of Tennessee General Assembly from 1986 to 1994.
Monica Lynn is an American composer who lives and works in the San Francisco Bay area. She graduated with a Bachelor of Music degree from the University of Texas at Austin, where she studied with Stefan Kostka, David Neumeyer and Forrest Pierce. She continued her education at the University of Missouri in Kansas City where she studied with James Mobberley, Paul Rudy, Chen Yi, Zhou Long, and at the University of California, Santa Cruz where she graduated with a Doctor of Musical Arts degree, studying with David Cope, Karlton Hester, David Evan Jones, Hi Kyung Kim, Paul Nauert and Peter Elsea.
Eric Boateng attended St. Andrew's School (Delaware) in Middletown, Delaware, where he averaged 19.6 points, 13.6 rebounds and 4.6 blocked shots a game. Boateng was named Delaware high school player of the year by the Delaware Sportswriters & Broadcasters Association, and earned national recognition that included Gatorade State Player of the year, Parade All-America 4th team, and garnering the ranking of the 3rd best center for the 2005 recruiting class behind only Andrew Bynum and Amir Johnson. Boateng's received scholarship offers from Boston College, Georgetown, Michigan, UCLA, Villanova, and Duke University. He eventually committed to attend Duke.
Alejandro Carrión Aguirre (11 March 1915 -- 4 January 1992) was born in Loja, Ecuador. A poet, novelist and enthusiastic journalist, he published two important novels, La manzana dañada and La espina, many books of short stories, and numerous poetry books. As a journalist he published many of his articles under the pseudonym ``Juan Sin Cielo.'' In 1956 he founded, along with Pedro Jorge Vera, the political magazine La Calle. He directed the literary magazine Letras del Ecuador. He received the Maria Moors Cabot prize from the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism as well as the Ecuadorian National Prize Premio Eugenio Espejo (1981) for his body of work. He was the nephew of Benjamín Carrión Mora.
Born in Titlagarh, Orissa, India. His parents hailed from Gujarat and migrated to Orissa. They were deeply influenced by Mahatma Gandhi and his philosophy and consequently, he and his brother were sent to Gujarat to imbibe Gandhian philosophy. He completed his schooling from Vallabh Vidyanagar in Gujarat and completed his Masters in Physics and Electronics from Maharaja Sayajirao University in Vadodara. After completing his Masters in Physics he went to the US and obtained a Masters in Electrical Engineering from Illinois Institute of Technology in Chicago. In 2010, he received an Honorary degree from University of Illinois at Chicago.
Scott Layden is an assistant coach who is currently in his second season with the Utah Jazz. He is one of four assistants. Layden's objective as an assistant coach is to help Jazz players improve their basketball skills, prepare them for opponents with the use of scouting reports, and to coordinate the use of advance scouts. He is the son of former coach and general manager of the Jazz, Frank Layden, and a graduate of Saint Francis University in Loretto, Pennsylvania where he studied Business, Sports Management and Women's Studies.
Thomas E. Cooper was born on May 13, 1943. He was educated at the University of California, Berkeley, receiving a B.S. in 1966, an M.S. in 1968, and a Ph.D. in 1970.
Charles Thomas Gulick was born in June 1841 to a family of American missionaries. His father was William Gulick, and mother was Eliza Throop Thomas (1804--1903). His father's brother Peter Johnson Gulick married his mother's sister Frances ``Fanny'' Hinckley Thomas (1798--1883), who had seven children also become missionaries (his cousins), including Luther Halsey Gulick (1828--1891) and John Thomas Gulick (1832--1923). He attended Punahou School 1855--1862, where he was a pitcher on a team called the ``Pacifics'' playing early games of baseball with the sons of Alexander Cartwright. In September 1869 he officially became a citizen of the Kingdom of Hawaii. He ran a business as notary public and issued government documents such as marriage licenses. He joined the Honolulu Rifles militia, with rank of Captain, and later served as adjutant general. On February 5, 1876 he married Sarepta A. Thompson in Honolulu.
Marguerite Louis Blasingame (1906-1947) was an American sculptor. She was born Marguerite Louis in Honolulu in 1906. She graduated from the University of Hawaii and then went on to earn an M. A. in art from Stanford University in 1928. Marguerite returned to Hawaii, where she became an established sculptor of figural works, many of them bas-reliefs in wood and stone. Her depictions were usually sinuous in contour with simplified anatomy. During the Great Depression she was a Works Progress Administration artist and filled many commissions for architectural panels. She was also a member of the Hawaiian Mural Guild. Marguerite Louis Blasingame died in 1947 while traveling in Mexico.
Huyck was appointed as a Canon of St David's in 1551. He was also Rector of Buckland Dinham, Somerset from 1551 to 1554. He became an advocate at Doctor's Commons in 1554, the same year that he obtained his BCL and DCL degrees from Merton College, Oxford. In 1561, he was appointed Chancellor of the Diocese of London, a position he held until 1574. In 1571, Huyck was named in the charter granted by Queen Elizabeth I as one of the eight founding fellows of Jesus College, Oxford.
Lawson was also reported to have held a position as a professor of economics at Morris Brown College in Atlanta, Georgia. Morris Brown president John Lewis, a Yale University graduate, was instrumental with Lawson's acceptance to Yale Law School, although Lawson would receive his J.D. from Howard University School of Law in 1932.
Peter E. Hildebrand earned his PhD from Michigan State University in 1959 in Agricultural Economics. He joined the University of Florida faculty in 1979 and retired on July 1, 2003. During that time, he served as Director and Professor for IFAS International Programs, Agricultural Economics (1972-1999), and as a professor of Food and Resource Economics. Hildebrand's international background encompasses work in over 31 countries over 35 years.
Professor Sengupta was the youngest daughter of three, born to Jyoti Ranjan Sengupta and Pushpa Sengupta in Calcutta, India. Her father was a meteorologist and their family spent a lot of time in both India and Nepal. Professor Sudipta Sengupta graduated from Jadavpur University with top honors in both the B.Sc. and M.Sc. examinations. She obtained her Ph.D. degree from Jadavpur University in 1972 under the supervision of Professor Subir Ghosh. She worked as a geologist in the Geological Survey of India between 1970 and 1973. In 1973, she received the prestigious scholarship of the Royal Commission for the Exhibition of 1851 from U.K. and carried out post-doctoral research work for the next three years at the Imperial College, London. In 1977 she joined the Institute of Geology of Uppsala University, Sweden as a docent for six months and thereafter carried out research as a visiting scientist in connection with the International Geodynamics Project which was supervised by Professor Hans Ramberg. On her return to India in 1979, she joined the Geological Survey of India as a Senior Geologist. In 1982, she joined Jadavpur University as a lecturer where she is at present working as a Professor.
Berkeley was born at his family home, Dysart Castle, near Thomastown, County Kilkenny, Ireland, the eldest son of William Berkeley, a cadet of the English noble family of Berkeley. He was educated at Kilkenny College and attended Trinity College, Dublin, completing a Master's degree in 1707. He remained at Trinity College after completion of his degree as a tutor and Greek lecturer.
Timothy Olsen is an American college student at Louisiana State University and a business author who at the age of 13 wrote The Teenage Investor: How To Start Early, Invest Often and Build Wealth which was published by McGraw-Hill in 2003. Olsen began investing at age 8 and has since become an advisor on financial matters for children and teens. He advocates an investment strategy utilizing index funds and asset allocation tailored to specific investment needs and goals.
Shullai was involved in Girl Guiding in her time at Welsh Mission Girls`` High School (now called Presbyterian Secondary School) in Shillong, and continued while she studied at Scottish Church College in Calcutta. Here she was a Ranger and was involved for six years with a village near Serampore, teaching hygiene and enabling villagers to construct wells. In 1980, she led the Indian contingent to the international camp in Sydney. In 1984, she represented India at WAGGGS' World conference in New York City. Shullai has been awarded the Silver Elephant.
Johnson graduated from Bethany Nazarene College (now Southern Nazarene University) in 1958 with a master of arts in religion degree. Johnson served as an evangelist in the denomination 1958 until 1961 and served as the pastor of churches in Oklahoma from 1961 until 1975. In 1975 he was elected to serve as the district superintendent of the Mississippi District and served in that capacity until he was elected to be the District Superintendent of the Tennessee district in 1980. Johnson was the District Superintendent of the Tennessee district until 1994.
Sir Thomas Little Heath (5 October 1861 -- 16 March 1940) was a British civil servant, mathematician, classical scholar, historian of ancient Greek mathematics, translator, and mountaineer. He was educated at Clifton College. Heath translated works of Euclid of Alexandria, Apollonius of Perga, Aristarchus of Samos, and Archimedes of Syracuse into English.
Katchen was born in Long Branch, New Jersey, and debuted at age 10, playing Mozart's D minor Concerto. Eugene Ormandy heard of his debut, and invited him to perform with the Philadelphia Orchestra in New York. He studied music with his maternal grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. Svet, immigrants from Europe who had taught at the Moscow and Warsaw conservatories, until he was 14. He attended Haverford College, completing a four-year degree in philosophy in three years, graduating first in his class in 1946.He went to Paris and was invited to represent the United States at the first International UNESCO Festival, where he played Beethoven's Emperor Concerto with the Orchestre National de la Radiodiffusion Française. He then toured Europe in the spring of 1947, playing recitals in Rome, Venice, Naples, Paris, London and Salzburg. After this, he decided to live in Paris permanently, saying ``In France piano students come together constructively, and they can even become friends. They attend one another's concerts and applaud. In the US they go to hear a colleague play, but only in the hope of seeing him break his neck.'' In the late 1960s he recorded the Brahms trios for Decca with Josef Suk and János Starker.
Michinori Yamashita (born 1953, Japan) is a professor (Japanese mathematician) at the Rissho University. He studied at the Sophia University under Yukiyoshi Kawada and Kiichi Morita.
Canuto Kallan is a visual artist, born in Copenhagen, Denmark. He studied painting and printmaking at the Athens School of Fine Arts, Greece. He holds a Master of Science in Engineering from the Technical University of Denmark and is trained as a cabinet-maker(awarded a Silver Medal for Woodworking). Canuto Kallan's art expresses nostalgia for the return to the primal instincts, the liberation from the constraints of reason and the importance of the very act of painting. His paintings are clearly an integrated part of the long tradition of Modernism, but they also reflect the environment in which he lives, in terms of place and time. His landscapes rendered with fragmented surfaces and complementary sharp colours reveal his studies on Paul Cézanne and the Cubists' analytical idiom, as well as mainly on Expressionism, and at the same time exhibit a tender lyricism through their rhythm. Landscapes painted with the aggressive brushstrokes of the Neue Wilden, commenting on reality with a subtle irony. The simplicity of his figures lends them liveliness and a rhythm which excites the viewers' eyes into a constant state of alertness and keeps their interest intact. Canuto Kallan's figures often convey strong messages of demonstration and social criticism and bring the viewer face to face with the harsh side of the contemporary human existence, the unbalanced, violent relation of humans with society, nature and themselves. The distortion of the shapes aims at revealing the essence of the matters and brings to light the corruption which prevails in today's human relations. He attempts, like the politically focused Asger Jorn, co-founder of some of the most important movements of the 20th century, like the CoBrA or Situationism to ground his art in life, having at the same time released it from the dark, demonic mysticism of the north. In Canuto Kallan's works the joy of creation comes to life through his spontaneity and imagination and the free and improvisational way in which he handles the medium. The colour which he handles in a dynamic way: gestural expression soaked by the fierce light of the Mediterranean and the gentleness of the idiosyncrasy of its world. It infiltrates into the unconscious depths of human existence and illuminates hard reality without passion and without destroying the human tinge and measure. Whether seen as a whole or separately, Canuto Kallan's multi-figural compositions create comparisons and cohesions, and obtain a narrative quality, but they also constitute autonomous creations with multiple ``readings''. Allegories and metaphors fuse with emotions that range from jubilation to anguish, transforming the painter's and the viewers personal experience into a universal possession.
He was the second son of Stephen Gwynn, writer and scholar. He was educated at St. Enda's School Rathfarnham, Clongowes Wood College and at University College Dublin where he graduated B.A. (1914), M.A. (1915) and D.Litt (1932).
Joseph B. Palmer was born in 1825 in Rutherford County, Tennessee. He was orphaned when he was an infant and was subsequently raised by his grandparents. Palmer received his education at the Union University located in Murfreesboro, Tennessee. He was admitted to the state bar association in 1848 and began practicing as a lawyer. In 1849 Palmer was elected to the Tennessee General Assembly, and in 1851 he was re-elected. In 1855 he was then elected as mayor of Murfreesboro, serving until 1859.
Glen Chorny is a Canadian poker player from Waterloo, Ontario. He is currently a student at Wilfrid Laurier University and has been playing professionally since January 2008.
Andrew Wenthe is the Iowa State Representative from the 18th District. He has served in the Iowa House of Representatives since 2006. He received his BA from the University of Northern Iowa. , Wenthe is a member of several committees in the Iowa House: the Administration and Rules, Agriculture, Appropriations, State Government, and Transportation committees. His prior political experience includes serving as a legislative assistant for State Senator Jeff Danielson and as legislative staff for Senator Chuck Grassley.
Caroline Adderson was born on September 9, 1963 in Edmonton, Alberta. She studied at the University of British Columbia, receiving a degree in education in 1982.
Brendan McWilliams (7 August 1944 -- 22 October 2007) was an Irish meteorologist and science writer. He was born in Dublin in 1944 but grew up in Waterville, County Kerry where his father was in charge of the Valentia Observatory. He graduated in science from University College Cork (UCC) in 1964. He joined the Meteorological Service in 1965 and worked as a weather forecaster, first at Shannon Airport and later at the Central Analysis and Forecast Office in Dublin. During the 1970s he was a regular presenter of the daily weather forecast on Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ) television.
Algernon Sydney Thelwall M.A., was the eldest son of the poet, radical and orator John Thelwall. He was named after the 17th century republican Algernon Sydney showing his fathers political leanings. He was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge, graduating 18th Wrangler in 1818. Ordained in 1819, he was English chaplain and missionary to the Jews in Amsterdam from 1819 to 1826. In 1828 he married Georgiana Anne Tahourdin, and in 1829 became curate of Blackford, Somerset. He was a founder of the Trinitarian Bible Society in 1831, and the Society's secretary from 1836 to 1847. An anti-Catholic, he was active on behalf of the Protestant committee opposing the Maynooth Grant in 1845. In 1850 Thelwall was appointed Lecturer on Elocution and Public Reading within the theology department of King's College London.
Felice Mechelle Avey (née Wafer) was born in Odessa, TX to L.C. and Pat Wafer. Her parents divorced when she was in preschool. She was raised by her mother who worked as a secretary for the Ector County Independent School District. She was the sixth of eight children. A graduate of Permian High School (of Friday Night Lights fame), she attended Odessa College, Texas Tech University, and the University of Texas of the Permian Basin, majoring in Radio/Television. Avey's first job was as a copywriter for news/radio station, KRIG. Later she worked for KOCV, a Public Broadcasting Station. Avey returned to writing after the birth of her first child. The mother of two, Avey is married to consultant and writer, Bryant Avey.
Richey Edwards (often referred to during his years with the Manics as Richey James) grew up in Blackwood, Caerphilly in Wales, where he attended Oakdale Comprehensive School. From 1986 to 1989, attended University of Wales, Swansea and graduated with a 2:1 degree in political history. He has one sister named Rachel (born 1969 in Pontypool).
Paul Steenhuisen obtained his Doctor of Musical Arts degree in composition from the University of British Columbia, where he studied with Keith Hamel. Between academic degrees, he studied with Louis Andriessen and Gilius van Bergeijk at the Royal Conservatory of Music, The Hague. While living in Amsterdam, he also worked with Michael Finnissy in Hove, England. Subsequently, he was one of ten composers selected to take part in the Cursus de Composition et Informatiques at IRCAM (Paris, 1996/97), where he had lessons with Tristan Murail. He also attended masterclasses and individual lessons with Mauricio Kagel, Helmut Lachenmann, Jean-Claude Risset, Luciano Berio, Pierre Boulez, Brian Ferneyhough, Frederic Rzewski, Magnus Lindberg, and others.
John Noakes (born 6 March 1934, Shelf, near Halifax, Yorkshire) is a British television presenter and personality, best known for co-presenting the BBC children's magazine programme Blue Peter in the 1960s and 1970s. He remains the show's longest-serving presenter, with a stint that lasted 12 years and 6 months. He was educated at the independent fee-paying Rishworth School in Rishworth, Halifax.
Dr. Arthur Nozik received his bachelor degree from the University of Cornell in 1959, and he earned his PhD from Yale University in 1967. In 1967, he discovered a new transparent conductor (Cd2SnO4) Thin-Film Devices, which helped develop new applications for solar energy devices. Then he did research on quantization effects in semiconductor quantum dots, for the Allied Chemical Corporation and the American Cyanamid Corporation. He then worked as a group leader of Photoelectrochemistry from 1974 to 1978. He worked in both these places until 1978, when he joined the NREL. He has published a little over 150 research papers related to solar cell quantum dot semi conductor silicon solar cells. He has been an editor of The Journal of Physical Chemistry since 1993 and served as Senior Editor. He has reviewed a numerous amount of paper for various scientific magazines.
Ron Korb started on the recorder in grade school and later joined an Irish fife and drum band in his teens. While attending the Royal Conservatory of Music, he won several local music competitions. He attended York University for a year to broaden his experience of playing jazz but later earned a scholarship to study classical flute at University of Toronto where he graduated with a degree in Music Performance. His primary teacher was Douglas Stewart but he also participated in master classes with Paula Robison, Robert Aitken in Shawnigan, Raymond Guiot in Domaine Forget and Michel Debost in Assisi, Italy. After graduating with honors from University, Korb discovered Chinese flutes (Chinese: 笛子, English:Dizi, pinyin: dÍ zÎ). The sound of the Asian bamboo flute intrigued him so much that he moved to Japan in the early ''90s to study Japanese Gagaku court music, the traditional shinobue and ryūteki bamboo flutes with Akao Michiko. Since then he has travelled around the world collecting and studying indigenous flutes. He has a collection of more than 200 flutes. (Instrument Info)
Eli's Chosen Six was the ensemble that appeared in the influential 1959 concert film Jazz On A Summer's Day playing Dixieland as they drove around Newport in a convertible jalopy. It was a famous Yale College Dixieland band of the 1950s that played the boisterous trad-jazz style of the day. The ensemble of white college-student jazz revivalists, rose into popular prominence in the mid-1950s, when ``college jazz'' was a catchphrase. The sextet was founded and managed by Dick Voigt, and counted as members the later-legendary trombonist Roswell Rudd, bassists Buell Neidlinger (succeeded by Bob Morgan), cornetist Lee Lorenz, clarinetist Leroy Sam Parkins and drummer Steve Little. With the help of the producer and Yale alumnus George Avakian , the band recorded an album for Columbia Records in 1955.
Julius Adams Stratton (May 18, 1901 -- June 22, 1994) was a U.S. electrical engineer and university administrator. He attended the University of Washington for one year, where he was admitted to the Zeta Psi fraternity, then transferred to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), from which he graduated with a bachelor's degree in 1923 and a master's degree in electrical engineering (EE) in 1926. He then followed graduate studies in Europe and the Technische Hochschule of Zurich (ETH Zurich), Switzerland, awarded him the degree of Doctor of Science in 1927.
Wendell Milliman was born December 13, 1905, in Seattle. He grew up in the family home on 15th Avenue NE, north of the University of Washington (UW). He attended Lincoln High School and then entered the UW, receiving his degree in mathematics in 1926. It was while attending the UW that he met his future wife, Dorothy Pierce, who was studying library science. He married Dorothy soon after he obtained a job as a clerk in the actuarial department of Oregon Mutual Life Insurance Company (later Standard Insurance Company), in Portland, Oregon.
Sergey Budalov () (born in 1949) is a retired high jumper who represented the Soviet Union. Budalov trained at Spartak in Moscow Oblast. He finished fourth at the 1976 Olympic Games in Montreal and eighth at the 1971 European Indoor Championships in Sofia. On national level he became Soviet champion in high jump on three occasions, setting a new championship record of 2.25 metres in 1976.
Nathan Haskell Dole was born August 31, 1852, in Chelsea, Massachusetts He was the second son of his father Reverend Nathan Dole (1811--1855) and mother Caroline (Fletcher) Dole. Dole grew up in the Fletcher homestead, a strict Puritan home, in Norridgewock, Maine, where his grandmother lived and where his mother moved with her two boys after his father died of tuberculosis. Sophie May wrote her Prudy Books in Norridgewock, which probably showed the sort of life Nathan and his older brother Charles Fletcher Dole (1845--1927), lived. A newspaper article about Nathan in the Boston Evening Transcript, February 8, 1929, suggested that Nathan, lively from the start, may have offered good material for the mischievous boys who acted as foil for the goody-good ones in the Prudy Books. The same Boston Evening Transcript article said that Nathan was an omnivorous reader, who soon taught himself to read in French, German, Greek and Latin. He studied at the Eaton School in Norridgewock, and then under private tutors. Later he went to the Phillips Exeter Academy and Phillips Andover Academy, graduating in 1870, and then to Harvard, from which he graduated in 1874. Years later he received an L.H. Doctorate and Honorary Alumnus from Oglethorp University in Atlanta, Georgia.
Lynd attended college at Princeton University and earned a divinity degree from Union Theological Seminary. After working as a chaplain in Elk Basin, Wyoming, at a Rockefeller oil camp, Lynd wrote the article ``Done in Oil'' as an expose of the conditions there. This publication and his community work brought Lynd to the attention of the Rockefeller family and resulted in his being hired for the Middletown community study by the Rockefeller Institute of Social and Religious Research. Subsequent to the study of Muncie, Lynd earned a doctorate in sociology from Columbia University, using an abridged version of Middletown as his dissertation. Staughton Lynd, a lawyer and historian noted for anti-war, civil rights and community activism, was one of two children of Robert Staughton Lynd and Helen Lynd.
Eva Salzman was born in 1960 in New York City, and grew up in Brooklyn where -- from the age of 10 until 22 -- she was a dancer and later a choreographer. She was educated at Bennington College and Columbia University, moving to Britain in 1985. Her eclectic background has led to work in cross-arts projects with artists, dancers and singers. Her teaching work -- for children, teenagers and adults -- has included projects in London's East End and a residency at Springhill Prison as well as continuing work for the Poetry Society's Poet in the City and Poetryclass projects and co-devising a Start Writing Poetry course for the Open University. She is co-editor with Amy Wack of forthcoming anthology Women's Work: Modern Women Poets Writing in English.
Rolle was raised in Galloway, New Jersey where in 2009, December 10 was decreed ``Myron Rolle Day'' in his hometown. He attended middle school at Galloway Township Middle School. He first attended The Peddie School in Hightstown, New Jersey where he played the saxophone in the school band, sang in a school play, and was the sports editor of the school newspaper. He then transferred to the Hun School of Princeton and played high school football under head coach Dave Dudeck, where he was an All-American and made 112 tackles including 14 for loss. ESPN's recruiting services ranked Rolle as the number one high school prospect in the country. Rivals.com rated him the 12th-best player and the top athlete overall, as well as the best player from New Jersey in the 2006 recruiting class. In 2006, after a nation-wide search Rolle won the prestigious annually awarded Franklin D. Watkins Memorial Trophy, the premier African-American scholar/athlete award in America for high school males.
Stewart was born Andrew Ewan Stewart in Glasgow, and is the son of the late Scottish entertainer Andy Stewart. His mother Sheila is still alive and lives in Arbroath, Scotland. Stewart was educated at Edinburgh's Clifton Hall School and Merchiston Castle School from 1966-1974. He left Scotland to move to London in 1975 and started working in theatres as well as studying drama.
Kerry Remsen is an American actress. She is the daughter of actor Bert Remsen and casting director Barbara Joyce Dodd, sister of Ann Remsen Manners and has been married to Ron Cates since 2006. She attended the U.S. Grant High School in Van Nuys, California and is known only as a bit-part actress; She has had little or no lead roles either, despite having appeared in well over twenty different films/television programs.
Frieda Hempel was born in Leipzig, Germany, and studied first at the Leipzig Conservatory and afterwards at Stern Conservatory, Berlin, where she was a pupil of . Her earliest appearances were in Breslau, singing Violetta, Queen of the Night and Rosina. She made a debut in Schwerin in 1905, and was engaged there for the next two years, singing also Gilda, Leonora and Woglinde.
Gordon Rodgers (born 1952 in Gander, Newfoundland and Labrador) is a Canadian writer. Rodgers is the author of two books of poetry: Floating Houses (1984), and The Pyrate Latitudes (1986), as well as a novella entitled The Phoenix (1985). In 1999, he released his first novel, A Settlement of Memory, which is loosely based on the life of William Coaker. He obtained his MFA in Creative Writing from the University of British Columbia, and an MSc from Memorial University of Newfoundland.
Paul Curran was born in Mullinahone, County Tipperary in 1981. He was educated locally and from an early age he showed a great interest in the game of hurling. Curran later attended the Waterford Institute of Technology where he played on the college's senior hurling team. He captained the side to a Fitzgibbon Cup victory in 2003. Curran has also played underage soccer with Moyglass United.
Anthony Marwood is a solo classical violinist, appearing in concerto performances worldwide with orchestras such as the Boston Symphony, LA Philharmonic, St Louis Symphony, the Philharmonia Orchestra, the UK's BBC orchestras, the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra, New Zealand Symphony and the Sydney Symphony. He enjoys regular collaborations as soloist/director with orchestras such as the Academy of St Martin in the Fields, the Australian Chamber Orchestra, Les Violons du Roy in Quebec and the Irish Chamber Orchestra, of which he was Artistic Director from 2006-2011. He is a member of the Florestan Trio with Susan Tomes and Richard Lester. In 2006 he won the Royal Philharmonic Society's Instrumentalist of the Year Award. He was educated at King Edward VI Grammar School in Chelmsford, at the Royal Academy of Music and the Guildhall School of Music and Drama, and studied with Emanuel Hurwitz and David Takeno. He is represented by Hazard Chase in the UK for General Management and Colbert Artists Management in New York City for the US and Canada.
Thanh Bui is a 25-year-old from Abbotsford, Victoria. Born in Adelaide, South Australia, to Vietnamese parents, he moved to Melbourne as a 7-year-old. He was educated at Melbourne High School, graduating in 2000. Thanh Bui was part of the boy-band North who toured around Malaysia and split up in 2006. Aside of Australian Idol he is the director and vocal coach at International Artist Academy. Bui was eliminated during the Top 8 Results Night. #``One'' by U2 - (Top 24) #``This Love'' by Maroon 5 - (Top 12) #``Every Breath You Take'' by The Police - (Top 11) Bottom 3 #``You're the Voice'' by John Farnham - (Top 10) #``The Winner Takes It All'' by ABBA - (Top 9) TOUCHDOWN! (from Marcia Hines) #``Shadow of the Day'' by Linkin Park - (Top 8) - Eliminated 13 October 2008
Jerry Vines was born in Carrollton, Georgia near Atlanta in 1937. Before attending seminary, he pastored his first church, Centralhatchee Baptist Church, at the age of 16. He was educated at Mercer University, New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary, and Luther Rice University before pastoring in churches in Alabama and Georgia. While pastor of Dauphin Way Baptist Church in Mobile, Alabama he was elected President of the Alabama Pastors' Conference. He relocated to Jacksonville in 1982 to co-pastor the First Baptist Church with Homer G. Lindsay, Jr.
In March 2007 Vivid signed award-winning author, columnist, editor and sex educator Tristan Taormino to head up the Vivid-Ed imprint, which has produced several how-to DVD sex guides including ``The Expert Guide To Anal Sex'', ``The Expert Guide to Oral Sex, Part 1: Cunnilingus'', ``The Expert Guide to Oral Sex, Part 2: Fellatio'' and ``The Expert Guide to the G-Spot''. In 2010 Vivid Ed's director Tristan Taormino received several AVN Awards as well as the Trailblazer Award from the Feminist Porn Awards in Toronto, Canada on April 9, 2010.
Douglas Gordon Brown (born September 29, 1974 in New Westminster, British Columbia, Canada) is a former National Football League player for the Washington Redskins and current Canadian Football League defensive tackle for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers. He played college football at Simon Fraser University. Brown won the CFL's Most Outstanding Canadian Award in 2001, has played for the Blue Bombers since 2001, competed in three Grey Cups, in 2001, 2007, and 2011, and has been a CFL All-Star eight times.
Ryan Stout was born in Cleveland and grew up in El Paso, Texas, and graduated from J.M. Hanks High School in 2000. He attended The College of Santa Fe as a Theater Arts major (2000--2001), but left the school after his first year. He later enrolled at San Francisco State University as a Creative Writing major.
Boris Cepeda got his first piano lessons at four. He appeared in public for the first time in Ecuadorian television at five. Since then he has performed worldwide. Boris Cepeda studied at the University of the Arts Bremen in the class of Kurt Seibert. In 1999 he become assistant manager to the artistic director of the Festival Weidener Max-Reger-Tage From 2002 to 2007 he acted as Cultural attaché at the Embassy of Ecuador in Berlin.
John Belling (1866--1933), born in Aldershot, England, was a cytogeneticist who developed the iron-acetocarmine staining technique which is used in the study of chromosomes. He entered Mason College at the University of Birmingham in 1892 and received his BSc (Honours) from University College, London. He received an honorary DSc in 1922 from the University of Maine in recognition of his work.
Born 1891 in Vienna to Jewish parents, Bernays was a double nephew of psychoanalysis pioneer Sigmund Freud. His father was Ely Bernays, brother of Freud's wife Martha Bernays. His mother was Freud's sister, Anna. In 1892 his family moved to New York City, where he attended DeWitt Clinton High School. In 1912 he graduated from Cornell University with a degree in agriculture, but chose journalism as his first career. He married Doris E. Fleischman in 1922.
Edward James was born on 16 August 1907, the only son of William James, an American railroad magnate who moved to England and married Evelyn Forbes, a Scots socialite, who was reputedly fathered by the Prince of Wales (later Edward VII). He had four older sisters: Audrey, Millicent, Xandra, and Silvia. James was educated briefly at Eton, and then at Le Rosey in Switzerland, then at Christ Church, Oxford, where he was a contemporary of Evelyn Waugh and Harold Acton. In 1912 he inherited the West Dean House in Sussex, on the death of his father.
He was born in New York City to Burmese parents and is the grandson of former UN Secretary-General U Thant. He was educated at Harvard, the Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies and the University of Cambridge. He received his PhD in history from Cambridge University in 1996.
Michelle Citron is a feminist film, video and multimedia producer, scholar and author. She taught at Northwestern University from the mid-1970s to the mid-2000s, but recently took the position of Chairperson of the Interdisciplinary arts department at Columbia College Chicago. http://web2.colum.edu/phonebook/bio.php?cid=5097 She grew up in Hawaii and holds a Ph.D. in cognitive psychology from the University of Wisconsin-- Madison.
www.markgrossmusic.com Mark Gross (February 20, 1966) is a Baltimore-born jazz alto saxophonist. He studied at the Berklee College of Music, graduating in 1988, then worked in the band of Lionel Hampton, performing in Five Guys Named Moe on Broadway. He has since worked with a variety of other artists, including the bands of Delfeayo Marsalis, Nat Adderley and the Dave Holland Big Band.
Rolleston was born on 19 September 1831 at Maltby, Yorkshire as the 9th child of the Rev. George Rolleston and Anne Nettleship. His brother was the physician and zoologist George Rolleston. He attended Rossall School and Emmanuel College, where he graduated in 1855 with second class honours in the classical tripos. He had intended to move to Canterbury but his father advised against it so he took up tutoring. However, this was merely a means of raising enough money to leave England in order to reject 'Conservatives and Ecclesiastics'.
Julius Chambers was born in Bellefontaine, Ohio in 1850, the son of Joseph and Sarabella (née Walker) Chambers. When he was only eleven years old, he decided he wanted to be a journalist and spent his school vacations working in a local newspaper office. He first attended Ohio Wesleyan University, and later, Cornell University, from which he graduated in 1870. At Cornell, he was a member of the Irving Literary Society. Around 1880, while working as a journalist he spent some time reading law with Attorney General Brewster in Philadelphia and studying at Columbia College Law School.
While in prison, he earned a BA in Physical Sciences from Open University and wrote a memoir, Sweet Agony. Following his release from HM Prison Hull in 1990, producer Roger Greenwood followed him in the course of filming the documentary Paul Sykes: At Large.
Alice Goodman (born 1958), American poet, was educated at Harvard University and Cambridge where she studied English and American literature. She received her Master of Divinity degree from the Boston University School of Theology. She has written the libretti for two of the operas of John Adams, Nixon in China and The Death of Klinghoffer. She was born in St. Paul, Minnesota, and attended and graduated from Breck School. She was raised as a Reform Jew, and is currently an ordained Anglican priest serving in England. Goodman resumed writing with John Adams on the opera Doctor Atomic, however she withdrew from this project after a year. She married the noted British poet Geoffrey Hill in 1987. The couple have one daughter. In 2006, Alice Goodman took up the post of chaplain at Trinity College, Cambridge, and in 2011 became Rector of a group of parishes in Cambridgeshire including Fulbourn.
Steven Subotnick is an animation teacher and award-winning independent animator. He received a BFA in Film from UCLA. He later received an MFA in Experimental Animation from California Institute of the Arts. While at CalArts, he was mentored under Jules Engel.
Ulysses Ricci (1888 -- 1960) was an American sculptor known primarily for his architectural sculpture. Born in New York City, Ricci was an apprentice at the Perth Amboy Terra Cotta Works in New Jersey from 1902 to 1906. He studied at Cooper Union Institute and at the Art Students League with James Earle Fraser and George Bridgman. He opened his own studio in 1914 and was a partner in the firm Ricci & Zari from 1917 to 1941.
Kenneth N. Ogle (1902-1968) was a scientist of human vision. Born in Colorado, he earned a bachelor's degree from Colorado College in 1925 and a Ph.D. from Dartmouth College in 1930. He was later awarded an honorary medical degree by the University of Uppsala in Sweden.
Diana Eng (born 1983 in Jacksonville, Florida) is an American fashion designer and was a contestant on the second season of the reality television program Project Runway. She attended Stanton College Preparatory School and later the Rhode Island School of Design. Eng's work has been featured on the cover of i-D magazine and in the Boston Globe. Eng held a major fashion show after the success of Project Runway and had model Diana Georgie as the opening catwalker.
Thomas Eller (* 8 September 1964) is a German visual artist and writer. Born and raised in the German district of Franconia he left Nürnberg in 1985 to study fine art at the Berlin University of the Arts. After his forced dismission he studied sciences of religion, philosophy and art history at Free University of Berlin. During this time he was also working as a scientific assistant at the Science Center Berlin for Social Research (WZB).
Joseph Nechvatal was born in Chicago. He studied fine art and philosophy at Southern Illinois University Carbondale, Cornell University and Columbia University, where he studied with Arthur Danto while serving as the archivist to the minimalist composer La Monte Young. From 1979, he exhibited his work in New York City, primarily at the Brooke Alexander Gallery and Universal Concepts Unlimited. He has also solo exhibited in Paris, Chicago, Cologne, Atlanta, Los Angeles, Aalst, Belgium, Youngstown, Senouillac, Lund, Toulouse, Turin and Munich.
Lucas grew up traveling the South with his hippie activist parents (who were anti-nuclear activists) and younger siblings, two sisters and a brother, Devin. By the age of 13, he had lived in thirty different locations, including the Isle of Palms and Sullivan's Island, South Carolina. His parents organized campaigns against nuclear power plants. His mother attended Emerson College with Jay Leno. The family eventually settled in the town of Gig Harbor, Washington. He attended Kopachuck Middle School and graduated from Gig Harbor High School in 1989, where he acted in high school plays. He did not attend college so he could pursue his acting career.
John Mitzewich graduated from Paul Smith's College, New York, in 1983. He received an Associate of Applied Science Degree, with Honors, in Culinary Arts/Chef Training, and was also honored as the school's 1983 ``Outstanding Chef Training Student.'' . He ``held just about every position possible in the food industry'' including Executive Sous Chef at the Carnelian Room, Sous Chef at Ryan's Café, and Garde Manger at the San Francisco Opera. Chef John was a Chef Instructor at the California Culinary Academy in San Francisco, CA. for five years before leaving to focus on teaching people to cook online.
Born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, David Parks attended the Storm King School in Cornwall On Hudson, New York and Ricker College in Houlton, Maine. In 1965 he began a two year tour in the U.S. Army, including eight months in combat in the Vietnam War for which he was awarded two Purple Hearts. After his military service he attended and graduated from the Rochester Institute of Technology, where he studied film and photo illustration.
Chaypee is the Wampanoag name for a hummock along the Slocum River, in Dartmouth, Massachusetts. The name means ``Land of the two hills''. Three other hummocks are nearby, Pesket, Pashhok, and Campeetset. Chaypee Hill Farm, a former dairy, sits atop the hummock. It is rumored that several oaks on the hummock were planted by then Harvard College student Isoroku Yamamoto, who later commanded the Japanese floatilla that attacked Pearl Harbor. The Lloyd Center for Environmental Studies is next door.
Ferrell Edmunds, Jr. (born April 16, 1965 in South Boston, Virginia) is a former professional American football player. A 6'6``, 248-lb. tight end from the University of Maryland, Edmunds was selected by the Miami Dolphins in the third round of the 1988 NFL Draft. He played for 7 NFL seasons from 1988 to 1994 for the Dolphins and the Seattle Seahawks and was a two-time Pro Bowl selection in 1989 and 1990. Edmunds graduated from George Washington High School (Danville, Virginia), located in Danville, Virginia in 1983.
Writer-Producer Michael Epperson earned his Ph.D. from the University of Chicago in 2003 and is currently teaching in the Department of Philosophy at California State University, Sacramento. His published works on history and philosophy include the book ''Quantum Mechanics and the Philosophy of Alfred North Whitehead'' (Fordham University Press, 2004, ISBN 0-8232-2319-1).
Nikolay Burdenko was born 3 June 1876 in the village of Kamenka in Nizhnelomovsky Uyezd of Penza Governorate. In 1891, he entered to the theological seminary and after graduation in 1897 he went to Tomsk where has been admitted to the recently opened Tomsk State University. After finishing two courses, Burdenko was excluded from the university for the participation in the student revolutionary movement and was forced to leave Tomsk. In 1906, he graduated from the University of Tartu and became in 1910 the professor of that university. In 1918, he becomes the professor of the University of Voronezh; from 1923, he was the professor of the medical department of the Moscow State University. This department was in 1930 reorganized into the 1st Moscow Medical Institute. Here he led until the end of his life the surgical clinic of the faculty, which now bears his name.
Kurt Stallmann was born in Rockford, Illinois. In 1987, he received a bachelor's degree in music from Northern Illinois University. That same year, he reolocated to Boston, Massachusetts where he composed, improvised, and collaborated with modern dance choreographers. In 1990, he was invited by Yasuko Tokunaga to join the Dance Division faculty at The Boston Conservatory to design a course for dancers that developed listening and analysis skills for the purpose of creating new choreography. In 1992, after several years of working with dance, he returned to a concentrated musical environment by entering the PhD program in music composition at Harvard University where his primary teachers included Bernard Rands and Mario Davidovsky. As a student, he also assisted composer Ivan Tcherepnin with electronic music courses for several years.
Nancy Weaver Teichert, A graduate of the Indiana University, writes for The Sacramento Bee.
Buck Newton is a Republican Senator in the North Carolina General Assembly representing District 11 (Wilson and Nash counties). Newton won his seat in the 2010 election, defeating Democrat incumbent A.B. Swindell. A native of Wilson, NC, Newton graduated from Hunt High School before attending Appalachian State University where he received his bachelor's degree in Political Science. After college, Buck served as an aide to Senator Jesse Helms on the Foreign Relations Committee in the U.S. Senate.
Miguel Cortez is an artist/curator living in Chicago and born in Guanajuato, Mexico. He has studied filmmaking at Columbia College and art at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago. He currently runs Antena, an alternative art space located in Chicago's Pilsen neighborhood and in the past was part of the Polvo Chicago Collective. His artwork has been shown at Gallery 414 in Fort Worth, Texas, at the Krannert Museum and at the National Museum of Mexican Art in Chicago. Other shows included exhibits in Dallas at Mighty Fine Arts Gallery, Glass Curtain Gallery and at VU Space in Melbourne, Australia.
He is an alumnus of India's premier National Defence Academy at Khadavasala, the Defence Services Staff College at Wellington, the Naval War College at Karanja in Mumbai and the prestigious National Defence College, India at New Delhi. Vice Admiral Pradeep Chauhan has over 35 years of rich and varied experience in the Indian Navy. In his sea-going career, he has been singularly privileged to have held command of the Indian Navy's frontline surface-combatants on four occasions. He has been instrumental in the conceptualisation and proving of tactics-of-war for the Indian Navy and has been the Principal Director in the Directorate of Naval Operations at Naval Headquarters, New Delhi. Upon his promotion as a Rear Admiral in 2005, he was tasked with setting-up a new and vibrant organisational structure at New Delhi that has given a great fillip to both Naval Foreign Cooperation as well as Intelligence. He was promoted to the rank of Vice Admiral in 2009 and took over as the Chief of Staff of the Western Naval Command in August 2009. He is a recipient of the Vishisht Seva Medal and the Ati Vishisht Seva Medal.
Jason Solowsky (born November 9, 1977) is a Hollywood-based music composer. He earned his Bachelor of Music degree from Berklee College of Music (Boston, MA) in both film scoring and composition. He also graduated from the USC Thornton School of Music (Los Angeles, CA) Scoring for Motion Pictures and Television program. He composed the scores to several feature films including the films Terror Inside starring Corey Feldman, American Bandits: Frank and Jesse James starring Peter Fonda, George Stults, and Jeffrey Combs, and Turbulent Skies starring Casper Van Dien, Nicole Eggert, Brad Dourif, and Patrick Muldoon. He also has his music featured in the Sony Pictures film ``American Crude'' starring Rob Schneider, Ron Livingston, Michael Clarke Duncan, and Jennifer Esposito. In addition, he scored the films What Up? starring Kadeem Hardison, and Unemployed starring Godfrey that have both been distributed by Lions Gate Films. Other notable scores by Solowsky include the scores to the films Edgar Allan Poe's Annabel Lee Nightbeasts starring Zach Galligan, Cage Free starring Dee Wallace, Dust of Life (2009 film), and For Love of Amy directed by Ted Lange.
Leonard Solomon ``Len'' Blum, (born 1951) is an award winning Canadian screenwriter, film producer and film composer. He graduated from McMaster University with a Bachelor of Arts in 1975 and wrote many films including Meatballs, Stripes, Heavy Metal, , , Feds, Beethoven's 2nd, Howard Stern's Private Parts, The Pink Panther and Over the Hedge. Prior to his film career, he was a songwriter and produced radio commercials. He won the Genie Award for Best Original Screenplay, in 1980, for the film Meatballs.
Phelps was born Phelps von Rottenburg on May 4, 1897 in Bonn, Germany, to Franz and Marian Phelps von Rottenburg. His mother came from a wealthy family, and his father, who died when Phelps was nine, worked as a lawyer, but came from a family of shippers. His grandfather was William Walter Phelps, a politician who served multiple terms in the United States House of Representatives out of New Jersey's 5th congressional district and as the United States ambassador to Austria-Hungary; his great-grandfather was Joseph Earl Sheffield. In 1899, his mother divorced his father and took the children to Teaneck, New Jersey, where they were raised with the help of their grandmother Ellen Maria. Shortly after arriving in New Jersey, Phelps' mother gave him her last name, and he became known as Phelps Phelps. He attended Yale University in 1916, but was dismissed from the school after paying another student to take his exams for him. He graduated from Williams College in 1922, and received his juris doctor from Fordham University School of Law in 1925.
Ben Jackson (born March 1988) (also known by his pseudonym Karma) is a professional gamer from Murrieta, California, United States. Ben Jackson attended Murrieta Valley High School, was in the graduating class of 2006. Where he ``hung out'' in the rear of the school, Jackson began playing the yu-gi-oh card game around his sophomore year, and started playing halo heavily when halo 2 was announced, and the xbox360 started being advertised heavily. Jackson first attended a Halo 1 Major League Gaming tournament in Los Angeles, but performed poorly because of lack of tournament experience. At the age of 17 in May 2005, Jackson became a professional Major League Gaming Halo 2 gamer. After initially participating on Team Carbon as a part time player, Jackson became a full time team member in late 2005. At the 2005 MLG National Championship in New York City, New York, Jackson became the MLG National Free-For-All (FFA) Champion in Halo 2 and would remain unbeaten throughout the 2006 MLG season leading to another title.
``Charlie'' Matthau was named after famed actor Charlie Chaplin, a personal friend of his father. Charles Matthau attended University of Southern California and where he met his wife Michele Bauer together for 17years.
Rupert Christiansen (born 1954) is an English writer, journalist and critic, grandson of Arthur Christiansen (editor of the Daily Express) and son of Kay and Michael Christiansen (editor of the Sunday and Daily Mirror). Born in London, he was educated at Millfield and King's College, Cambridge, where he took a double first in English. As a Fulbright scholar, he also attended Columbia University from 1977 to 1978.
Rev. Dr. Jerry Andrews, senior pastor of First Presbyterian Church of San Diego, received a BREd degree from Detroit Bible College. Norman Geisler, Christian apologetic and president of the Southern Evangelical Seminary, received a degree from Detroit Bible College in 1955. Gary Habermas, Christian apologetic and professor at Liberty University, received a degree from DBC in 1972, Eugene J. Mayhew, Professor of Old Testament and Semitic Languages, Moody Theological Seminary, received a BREd degree from Detroit Bible College. Vincent P. Messina, Campus Pastor of Woodside Bible Church, graduated from Detroit Bible College in 1977. Gilbert E. Patterson (1939-2007), late Presiding Bishop and Chief Apostle of the Church of God in Christ (COGIC), attended the Detroit Bible Institute. Mark D. Powers, President, Pulte Homes Connecticut, Fortune 150, received a degree from William Tyndale College in 1998. Winner of Wall Street Journal Award for Business Excellence, Suma Cum Laude William L. Rowe, professor emeritus of philosophy at Purdue University, attended Detroit Bible Institute. Jack Van Impe, televangelist, received a diploma from Detroit Bible Institute in 1952. Joseph Williams, Founder and President, Christian Association of Prison Aftercare, has a BA from William Tyndale College.
Miocic trains out of Strong Style Fight Team in Ohio along with UFC veteran Forrest Petz and Bellator's Chris Lozano and Brian Rogers. He received interest from Major League Baseball teams during his collegiate years at Cleveland State University and ranked nationally in wrestling at 197 lbs alongside such names as Nik Fekete, Ryan Bader, and Muhammed Lawal. Stipe Miocic Played baseball his senior year at Trevecca Nazarene University in Nashville, Tenn. Helped led team to the TranSouth Athletic Conference regular season and tournament championship. Hit .344 with 14 doubles, 4 triples, 7 home runs and 43 RBI Earned the TranSouth Player of the Week award.
Born on February 13, 1940, Reggie Brown was raised in New Orleans. He attended the United States Military Academy, graduating with a B.S. in 1961. Brown joined the United States Army in 1961 and served in the Army until 1971. During this time, he earned an M.P.A. from Harvard University, awarded in 1965. Brown saw duty during the Vietnam War and was awarded the Bronze Star Medal and the Meritorious Service Medal. By the time he left the Army in 1971, he had achieved the rank of Major.
In 1991, Joseph Jewell received a Bachelors of Arts (BA) from the University of California at Berkeley. In 1998, he received his Ph.D. from University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA).
John Prince was born in Axminster, Devon in 1643, in a farmhouse on the site of an abbey - nowadays called Prince's Abbey. He was educated at Brasenose College, Oxford, and became curate of Bideford. He then became minister of St. Martin's Church in Exeter.
Hamlin was born in Pasadena, California, the son of Berniece (née Robinson), a socialite, and Chauncey Jerome Hamlin, Jr., an aeronautical engineer who once worked with scientist Wernher von Braun. As a teenager, he attended Flintridge Preparatory School, near Pasadena, and The Hill School, a private boarding school in Pennsylvania, where he played soccer and lacrosse and acted in the school's musicals and plays. Hamlin attended University of California, Berkeley and is an alumnus of the Theta Zeta chapter of the national fraternity Delta Kappa Epsilon, of which he was President in 1972. Hamlin graduated from Yale University with a BA in Drama and Psychology in 1974. Hamlin then attended the American Conservatory Theatre's Advanced Actor Training Program from which he was subsequently awarded a Master of Fine Arts degree in acting.
Jonathan Wexler (born February 7, 1985) is a Canadian actor from London, Ontario, who was a member of the Original Kids Theater Company and the Amabile Boys Choir. He attended London Central Secondary School.
The son of Stan Partenheimer, and grandson of Steve Partenheimer, Hal Partenheimer graduated from Sewickley Academy in 1974. He is a member of the Sewickley Athletic Hall of Fame. Partenheimer attended James Madison University where he played on the men's soccer team. In 1979, he signed with the Detroit Express of the North American Soccer League, but saw no first team time during the outdoor season. He played three games during the 1979-1980 indoor season before being sent to the Pittsburgh Spirit for cash. He finished the season with the Spirit, then spent a year not playing soccer after the Spirit went into hiatus. In the fall of 1981, he was among the first players re-signed by the Spirit when they resumed operations. In 1983, he played for the Pennsylvania Stoners of the American Soccer League.
As Hayes prepared to leave office, several delegations of reform-minded Republicans urged him to run against the incumbent Republican, John Sherman, for United States Senate. Hayes declined the offers, preferring to preserve party unity and retire to private life. Hayes especially looked forward to spending time with his children, two of whom (daughter Fanny and son Scott) had been born in the past five years. Initially, Hayes tried to promote railway extensions to his hometown, Fremont, and spent the rest of his time managing some real estate he had acquired in Duluth, Minnesota. Not entirely removed from politics, Hayes held out some hope of a cabinet appointment, but was disappointed to receive only an appointment as assistant U.S. treasurer at Cincinnati, which he turned down. He also allowed himself to be nominated for his old House seat in 1872 but was not disappointed when he lost the election to Henry B. Banning, a fellow Kenyon College alumnus. In 1873, Lucy gave birth to another son, Manning Force Hayes. That same year, the Panic of 1873 hurt business prospects across the nation, including Hayes's. Sardis Birchard died that year and the Hayes family moved into Spiegel Grove, the grand house Birchard had built with them in mind. Hayes hoped to remain out of politics in order to pay off the debts he had incurred during the Panic, but when the Republican state convention nominated him for governor in 1875, he accepted. The campaign against Democratic nominee William Allen focused primarily on Protestant fears of the possibility of state aid to Catholic schools. Hayes was against such funding and, while he was not known to be personally anti-Catholic, he allowed anti-Catholic fervor to contribute to the enthusiasm for his candidacy. The campaign was a success, and Hayes was returned to the governorship by a 5,544-vote majority.
He left Iran at the age of 17 for air force training. He spent a year at Williams College, but was forced to leave because of the turmoil in Iran. With the monarchy overthrown and an Islamic Republic established, Reza Pahlavi did not return to Iran. He received a BSc degree by correspondence in political science from the University of Southern California, because Williams did not offer that option. A jet fighter pilot, Reza Pahlavi completed the United States Air Force Training Program at the former Reese Air Force Base in Lubbock, Texas. In 1980, at the start of the Iran-- Iraq War, Pahlavi, a highly-trained fighter pilot, wrote to General Valiollah Fallahi, Chief Commander of the Armed Forces of the Islamic Republic, offering to fight in the air force for Iran in the war. The offer was rebuffed.
Wannarat Channukul studied Medicine at the Chulalongkorn University, graduating with an M.D., and Law at the Sukhothai Thammathirat Open University, graduating with an LL.B. He continued his education at the University of Hawaii, receiving a Master of Public Health degree. Subsequently, he worked as a doctor at the Maharaj Nakhon Ratchasima Hospital.
Judge Jonathan Leavitt was a graduate of Yale College. He began his career as an attorney in Greenfield. He later served as Judge of the Court of Common Pleas in 1812, and Judge of Probate from 1814 to 1821, as well as the first president of the Franklin Bank of Greenfield. He used the west wing of the Leavitt House (now the Leavitt-Hovey House) as a wing for his business activities. Judge Leavitt married the daughter of President Ezra Stiles of Yale College. The father of Judge Leavitt was Rev. Jonathan Leavitt, a Yale graduate who was a Congregational minister in Greenfield. Rev. Leavitt's wife was Sarah Hooker, great-granddaughter ot the Rev. Thomas Hooker, founder of Hartford, Connecticut
The son of L. S. H. Hammick, Dalziel Hammick was educated at Whitgift School, Magdalen College, Oxford (where he was a demy), and at the University of Munich. He graduated BA in Natural Sciences in 1910 and MA in 1921.
As a saxophonist, White appeared on the jazz scene in September, 1960, concurrent with his graduation from his studies at Howard University, when he appeared with Washington D.C.'ss J.F.K. Quintet, (1961-63), Kenny Clarke (1965), Otis Redding (1967), McCoy Tyner (1970), Elvin Jones (1980-81), Beaver Harris (1983), The Julius Hemphill Saxophone Sextet (1987), ``The Six Winds'' Dutch Saxophone Sextet (1999), and on his own ``Andrew White's ZORROSAX ALLSTARS,'' saxophone sextet (2002), and hundreds of personal solo appearances worldwide. These include solo performances at New York City's Carnegie Hall (1974 and 1975), Lincoln Center (1990 and 1995), Town Hall (1975), The Kennedy Center, in Washington, D.C. (1970 through 2005), Paris, France's Theatre du Chatelet (1980), La Vila (1995), and a 1994 solo Summer tour of seven French cities.
William Urban is a crusader historian specialising in Baltic Crusades and the Teutonic knights, and is one of the leading experts on the matter in the US. He is the Lee L. Morgan Professor of History and International studies at Monmouth College. In 2000, for his efforts on the crusades, Urban won the Vitols Award for the best article of 1998 in the Journal of Baltic Studies. He is also the former editor of the Journal of Baltic Studies from 1990--1994 and the former book review editor from 1994-2000. Prior to beginning his teaching career at Monmouth College in 1966, he taught as an Assistant Professor at the University of Kansas 1965-1966.
Glenn Chadbourne attended Lincoln Academy before continuing his education at The Portland School of Art. He also attended the University of Maine at Augusta, as well as the University of Southern Maine.
Woodhull was born at Princeton, New Jersey, on April 13, 1837, to Dr. Alfred Alexander and Anna Maria (Salomons) Woodhull. One of his ancestors was John Witherspoon, a signatory of the United States Declaration of Independence. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1856 from the College of New Jersey. In 1859, he received his Master's degree from the College of New Jersey and his medical degree from the University of Pennsylvania. He practised medicine in Leavenworth, Kansas, and then at Eudora, Kansas.
Espuelas attended Greenwich High School, graduating in 1984. At Greenwich High, Espuelas was the President of the Debate Team and the Connecticut State Champion debater in 1982, as well as the Chairman of the Political Action Club. Espuelas also hosted the local Public-access television cable TV show ``The Bottom Line with Fernando Espuelas,'' interviewing Greenwich personalities.
Ian Fleming was born in Staffordshire and grew up in Stourbridge, Worcestershire. He received a B.A. in 1959 and a Ph.D. in 1962, both from Pembroke College, Cambridge. His post-doctoral studies were done at Harvard University with R.B. Woodward on the synthesis of vitamin B12. He has made advances in the topic of stereochemistry, developing new synthetic reactions. He has also pioneered the applications of organosilicon chemistry for organic synthesis, especially for the production of chiral molecules, and synthesized the highly stable 8-cycloheptatrienylheptafulvenyl carbocation.
In 1989, Lars Huttar was told about Langston's Oracle by a friend at college. Not knowing where to obtain a copy, he wrote his own version of the program, which only worked when users were logged in to the same computer. Huttar posted the source code to the Usenet group alt.sources in August. Steve Kinzler, who was a graduate student and system administrator at Indiana University, downloaded Huttar's code that same year. He deployed it as the Usenet Oracle on a university server and it became popular. Ray Moody, a graduate student at Purdue University, enhanced the program to allow access via e-mail. This allowed anyone on the Internet to use the Oracle. Kinzler installed this version on another Indiana University computer, where it became the Internet Oracle in March 1996.
Noah holds a Bachelor of Arts in Philosophy from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, a Master of Public Policy degree from the University of Maryland, College Park, and an Honorary Associate of Arts from Atlantic Cape Community College in New Jersey. He is married and the father of two daughters.,
Michael Roberts had several Swedish honours bestowed upon him; among other things he received an honorary doctorate from Stockholm University, and was elected a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Letters, History and Antiquities.
Having grown up in Puyallup, Washington, Jamie Pedersen attended Puyallup High School before graduating summa cum laude from Yale. He then went to Yale Law School and has been a lawyer ever since. Pedersen was an active member of the Yale Russian Chorus while an undergraduate and law student, and remains active in the Alumni of the Yale Russian Chorus.
In Spider-Man films directed by Sam Raimi, Peter Parker attains his powers after being bitten by a radioactive spider at a laboratory at Columbia University (the lab scenes were actually filmed at the Natural History Museum in Los Angeles), and later attends the school. The Marvel Comics superhero Daredevil was valedictorian of his class at Columbia Law School. Willie Keith, the protagonist in Herman Wouk's The Caine Mutiny, is a Columbia student when he signs up for the Navy at the beginning of World War II; Wouk specifically refers to the campus, including buildings such as Furnald Hall. Law & Order prosecutor Jamie Ross (later a judge on ) attended Columbia Law. Meadow Soprano, of the television series The Sopranos, attends Columbia. Michael Moscovitz, a character in the The Princess Diaries series by Meg Cabot, also attends Columbia University. On the NBC sitcom Will & Grace, both main characters, Will Truman and Grace Adler, played by Eric McCormack and Debra Messing, respectively, were Columbia graduates. Jack Shephard (Matthew Fox) from ABC's Lost graduated from Columbia University Medical Center. Jessie Spano from Saved by the Bell attended Columbia University in the show's spin-off. Jessica Darling, the protagonist of Megan McCafferty's Sloppy Firsts, Second Helpings, and Charmed Thirds, attends Columbia. Dr. Joel Fleishman (Rob Morrow) on the television series Northern Exposure was a graduate of Columbia. Valerie Tyler in the TV show What I Like About You is a Columbia graduate, with a degree in Public Relations. Carol Seaver from the family sitcom Growing Pains (Tracey Gold) also attended the university. In How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days, Andie Anderson (Kate Hudson) graduated from Columbia Journalism. In the film I Think I Love My Wife, Richard Cooper (Chris Rock) held an M.B.A. degree from Columbia (An M.B.A. diploma from Columbia can be seen hanging on the wall in the character's office). Marshall Eriksen of How I Met Your Mother is a Columbia Law school graduate. Dr. Stanley Goodspeed (Nicolas Cage) in the movie ``The Rock'' holds a BA from Columbia. In addition, the television comedy series (Seinfeld) was fictionally filmed near the Columbia campus, as the famous Seinfeld diner ``Monk's'' is in fact Tom's Restaurant on Broadway at 112th Street. Similarly, the pop song (Tom's Diner) by Barnard alum (Suzanne Vega) is also set in Tom's Restaurant. In Siri Hustvedt's 2008 novel, The Blindfold, the heroine is a grad student at Columbia. Mara Waters, a character in The Au Pairs, a novel by Melissa de la Cruz, decides to attend Columbia rather than Dartmouth. In Richard Powers' novel, The Time of our Singing, the family's father, David Strom, is a physicist at Columbia. As for the boys, they both attend Juilliard School. Both Doctor Eric Foreman and James Wilson (House) on the popular Fox medical drama House attended the medical school at Columbia. Professor X, of X-Men fame, completed his graduate studies at Columbia, where he received his PhD in Anthropology. In the film Panic Room, the character which Jodie Foster plays is a Columbia University student. Aqua in Cheetah Girls 3 wanted to be a prospective Columbian and she makes references to their excellent physics departments. In the Bollywood movie, Ta Ra Rum Pum, Radhika Rani Mukerji is majoring in music at Columbia University when she meets Rajveer Singh Saif Ali Khan.
As a child he studied piano, showing great musical talent (although he admitted he was not an exceptional pianist). In the early 1940s, he taught himself to play the clarinet by listening to recordings of Benny Goodman and Artie Shaw. When his family moved to Buenos Aires he studied with Alberto Ginastera. He studied nuclear chemistry at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Leading a student orchestra there, he realized he was more interested in music than in science. His godfather, pianist Artur Rubinstein convinced him to give up his full scholarship at M.I.T. He attended Yale University where he studied musical theory with Paul Hindemith. He received his bachelor's of music degree at Yale in 1949. He took conducting courses with Sergei Koussevitzky and Leonard Bernstein at the Tanglewood Music Center, and also studied conducting with George Szell.
Richard Pulteney (17 February 1730 -- 13 October 1801) was an English physician and botanist. He was a promoter of Linnaean taxonomy, and authored the first English language biography of Carl Linnaeus, entitled A General View of the Writings of Linnaeus. He was educated at Loughborough Grammar School, and a school house was named after him.
Gurpareet Bains is originally from Bedford, but now lives in London. Bains first became interested in cooking as a child. He was educated at Stratton Upper School, Biggleswade, and studied A Levels in Politics and Sociology at Bedford College.
Kevin McCarthy is the Iowa State Representative from the 67th District and is currently the Minority Leader. He has served in the Iowa House of Representatives since 2003. He received his bachelor's degree from Wartburg College and his JD from Drake University.http://desmoinesregister.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article? AID=/20070428/NEWS10/704280349/1011
Seth Leibsohn is the managing partner of the consulting firm Leibsohn and Associates, the regular Friday host of Bill Bennett's Morning in America, the former producer and co-host of Bill Bennett's Morning in America, and a Fellow at the Claremont Institute. He is the also the co-author, with William Bennett, of The Fight of our Lives. Born and raised in Phoenix, Arizona, he is a graduate of Pitzer College, Claremont Graduate University, and Northeastern University School of Law. Leibsohn has counseled, written speeches for and collaborated with candidates for national office and several former cabinet officials. He has served as the Chief of Staff to Education Secretary William J. Bennett. In 2011, he served as the senior policy advisor for former Senator Rick Santorum's political action committee, America's Foundation. Leibsohn assisted the PAC and Santorum on policy matters and speechwriting.
McConaughy was the grandson of Irish immigrants who had settled in Chester, Pennsylvania, in 1712. The McConaughy family was among the first settlers of Adams County and among the most prominent pioneers. He was the youngest of six children of John and Margaret (Patterson) McConaughy. His father died when he was four years old, and David was raised by foster parents. He attended Gettysburg College from 1834 until 1838, when he transferred to Washington College, where his uncle, also named David McConaughy, a former Presbyterian minister in Gettysburg, was the president. After graduating in 1840, he accepted a position as principal of a high school in Maryland, where he remained two years.
Knollys was the son of Sir Francis Knollys, of Greys Court in Oxfordshire, and of Reading, in Berkshire, and his wife, Catherine Carey and was generally known as Francis Knollys the younger. He attended Magdalen College, Oxford in and around 1564. He was a student of Gray's Inn in 1565.
Cle Kooiman attended San Diego State University. In 1982 he was named to the All Far West team.
Jeff Bates, also known as hemos, is the co-founder of Slashdot along with Rob Malda (``CmdrTaco''). Bates graduated from Holland Christian High School in 1994 and received a Bachelor's degree in History from Hope College in 1998.
Judith Grossman is an American writer. She earned a scholarship to Oxford, from which she received a First Class degree in English in 1958. She received a PH.D. from Brandeis University, in 1968. She taught at Bennington College. She also taught in the Creative Writing MFA programs at U. C. Irvine (1992--95) and the University of Iowa (1997). She was chairman of the liberal arts division at Mount Ida College in Newton, Mass.
Giuli Gegelia was born in Senaki, western Georgia to the family of Grigol Gegelia, a combat medic during the Second World War and later the Chief Doctor of Menji Sanatorium, and Margarita Khocholava, ophthalmologist. Having completed secondary education with a Golden Medal, Gegelia read architecture at the Georgian Technical University, graduating in 1965. In the period between 1968 and 1998, he held various positions in the Faculty of Architecture, including Senior Teacher, and received professorship in 1998.
Milton Lewis was born on 8 July 1920 in Gainesville, Florida. He attended Gainesville High School, where he was a stand-out athlete, leading the swimming and football teams. He cut his schooling short in 1938 and enlisted in the United States Marine Corps on 20 February 1939.
He began his head coaching career at his alma mater, Iona College. DeMeo compiled a 22--10--2 record at Iona and was twice named Coach of the Year for the Metropolitan Conference (1976 and 1977). Tony DeMeo was inducted into the Iona College Hall of Fame in 1997 for his affiliation with two undefeated teams: first as a player in 1967 and then as the head coach in 1977.
Samuel Johnson Poe an American football halfback for the Princeton Tigers in 1882 and 1883. He graduated from Princeton in 1884, he was also earned All-American honors as a lacrosse player. Samuel was the eldest member of the Poe brothers, six celebrated American football players at Princeton University from 1882 until 1901. They were sons of John P. Poe, Sr., an 1854 Princeton graduate himself and the Attorney General of Maryland from 1891 until 1895. They were also second cousins, twice removed, of the celebrated poet Edgar Allan Poe, who died in 1849.
The son of Michael Onslow, 7th Earl of Onslow, by his marriage to Robin Lindsay Bullard, he was educated at Eton College, then at Western Kentucky University and at King's College London where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1990. Lord Onslow specializes in insuring fine art and is Vice President, Fine Art Practice at Marsh Limited.
Alexander Raskatov, a son of a leading journalist of the magazine Krokodil, studied composition under Albert Leman at the Moscow Conservatory. In 1990 he was composer in residence at Stetson University and 1998 in Lockenhaus. Raskatov was a member of the Union of Soviet Composers; after the collapse of the Soviet Union he is a member of the Composers' Union of Russia. In the early nineties he moved to Germany, then to France in 2004. Raskatov is a member of the Russian Authors' Agency (RAO).
Skye was born Ione Skye Leitch in Hertfordshire, England, and is the daughter of folk singer/songwriter Donovan and model Enid Karl (née Stulberger). Her father is Scottish and her mother is an American from a Jewish family. She is the younger sister of Camp Freddy singer Donovan Leitch, who is married to former model Kirsty Hume. Skye was raised in Los Angeles, San Francisco, and Connecticut. She attended Immaculate Heart High School and Hollywood High School for the Performing Arts in 1987.
Dave Peacock is the current President of the Anheuser-Busch InBev subsidiary, Anheuser-Busch. He succeeded August Busch IV in 2008 after the acquisition of Anheuser-Busch was completed by InBev on November 18, 2008. He earned his MBA from the Olin Business School at Washington University in St. Louis.
Francis Schnadhorst was the son of a draper and hosier of German descent. who carried on business in Bull Street, Birmingham. His father died when he was very young and he was brought up by his mother and his paternal grandfather who owned a tailoring business in Moor Street. He was educated at King Edward's School, Birmingham. He was married to Mary the daughter of a Birmingham provision merchant and they had two sons and a daughter His youngest son, Frank Gladstone Schnadhorst volunteered to fight in the Boer War with Kitchener's Fighting Scouts and reached the rank of Lieutenant. He was wounded in action near Heilbron, Orange River Colony and died of his wounds on 22 October 1901 aged 21 years. Francis' brother Edward Schnadhorst was a Congregationalist minister in east London who stood for election as a Liberal on a number of occasions to the London School Board.
Strunsky's family emigrated to the United States, first to New York City and then to San Francisco, where she attended Stanford University. Along with her older sister, Anna Strunsky, she was active in socialist politics and San Francisco's literary scene. The sisters travelled in Russia in 1905, and lived in Greenwich Village in New York in the 1910s. Rose Strunsky married Lewis Lorwin in 1920. Throughout her life she worked as a translator. Her translations include Gorky's The Confession, the journal of Tolstoy and Trotsky's Literature and Revolution. Rose Strunsky Lorwin died in New York in 1963.
A native of Oregon, Julie Payne was born in the small city of Sweet Home, near the lake and river areas adjoining the Cascade Range. Growing up in the state's second-largest city, Eugene, she attended South Eugene High School where she performed in a number of school productions, including The Music Man, The Madwoman of Chaillot, The Lark and Once Upon a Mattress. Graduating in 1964, she moved to California, where she attended Santa Clara University, majoring in drama, and San Francisco State University, majoring in French. Leaving without a degree, she traveled to Europe, where she hitchhiked through various locations and, upon returning to San Francisco during the 1967 Haight-Ashbury ``Summer of Love'', became a member of the improvisational comedy/satire group, The Committee, remaining with it, on and off, until 1974.
Alexander Alexandrovich Goldenweiser was born in Kiev, Ukraine, in 1880. He emigrated to the United States in 1900. He studied anthropology under Franz Boas, and earned his AB degree from Columbia University in 1902, his AM degree in 1904, and his PhD in 1910.
Mitchell attended LaGrange High School in LaGrange, Georgia, where he was a letterman in football. As a junior, he led his team to a Class AAA State Championship and was a Class AAA All-State selection. He finished his senior season with 81 completions out of 133 pass attempts for 1,553 yards and 17 touchdowns and only three interceptions, and he was named as an EA Sports Elite 11 Quarterback. Rivals.com rated him as the 55th Best Prospect in the Nation. Blake Mitchell graduated from LaGrange High School in 2003.
Thomas B. Allen (1928 -- November 8, 2004) was an American painter and illustrator known for a moody and expressionist style that pushed the boundaries of commercial art in the 1950s and 60s. He was born in Nashville, Tennessee, where he was educated at Vanderbilt University, and later at the Art Institute of Chicago.
Amit Schejter is Associate Professor of Communications and co-director of the Institute for Information Policy http://www.comm.psu.edu/iip at the College of Communications http://www.comm.psu.edu of the Pennsylvania State University. Schejter received his LL.B. from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in 1986, his M.S. in mass communications from Boston University in 1991 and his Ph.D. in communication and information policy from Rutgers in 1995. Between 1988-89 and 1992-93 he served as bureau chief and senior advisor to Israeli ministers of education and culture Yitzhak Navon and Shulamit Aloni. Between 1993-1997 he was director of legal affairs and international relations at the Israel Broadcasting Authority and co-author of the Nakdi Report. In 1997 he joined the faculty at Tel Aviv University and in 2000 he was appointed vice president for regulatory affairs at Cellcom (Israel) where he attracted public attention when attacking the government's caving in to pressures of Bezeq, the National telco; refusing to undergo a polygraph test enforced on the corporation's senior management; and ``flirting'' with the new Channel 10's offer to serve as legal commentator http://groups.yahoo.com/group/theintifadaclub/message/1293. Since 2004 he has been at Penn State. He is the author of numerous academic articles, law review articles and book chapters on communication law and policy, which have been published in four languages. He is co-author (with Akiba Cohen and Dafna Lemish) of ``The Wonder Phone in the Land of Miracles: Mobile Telephony in Israel''(Hampton Press, 2008) and author of ``Muting Israeli Democracy: How Media and Cultural Policy Undermine Freedom of Expression'' (University of Illinois Press, 2009). In 2007-9 he headed the ``Future of American Telecommunications Working Group''http://www.fact-wg.info (FACT), which produced the volume ``... And Communications for All: A Policy Agenda for a New Administration''http://books.google.com/books?id=liJ4uEvN2fMC&source=gbs_navlinks_s (Lexington Books, 2009) and presented it to President Barack Obama's administration upon inauguration.
William D. Metz was born in Buffalo, New York on June 13, 1914 and was raised in the village of Perry, New York, about 50 miles east of Buffalo. Metz graduated from Bates College in Lewiston, Maine in 1937 and subsequently received his PhD from the University of Wisconsin-- Madison in 1945. The following year, he accepted a position in the history department of the University of Rhode Island. Metz consequently spent the rest of his academic career with the history department until his retirement in 1982 as Professor Emeritus of History.
Michael Caplan (born March 22, 1956) is long time music executive, who has worked for Sony Music Entertainment and Or Music, and signed artists such as Matisyahu, The Allman Brothers Band, Ginuwine, and Keb' Mo'. Caplan attended Clark University and graduated in 1978 with a degree in Psychology. He started his career working for Morris Levy, and then spent over 25 years at Sony, ending as a Senior Vice President for A&R. His artists have sold over 30 million records.
Janet Lucroy is a visual artist working in the San Francisco Bay Area. She received her MFA from The Ohio State University in 1997 and her BA in Fine Arts from Indiana University Bloomington in 1993.
Cornelius Lucey was born into a farming family at Carrigrohane, near Cork City. He studied at St Finbarr's College, Farranferris, the diocesan college. He graduated from St Patrick's College, Maynooth with BC and BCL, and obtained MAs at Innsbruck University in 1927--29 and then University College Dublin.
Charles D. Ablard was educated at the University of Oklahoma, receiving a bachelor's degree in business administration and the University of Oklahoma College of Law, receiving an LL.B. in 1954. From 1954 to 1956, he served as a judge advocate officer in the United States Air Force Judge Advocate General's Corps, with assignments in Japan and at the Air University at Maxwell Air Force Base. He then attended the Georgetown University Law Center, receiving an LL.M. in 1959.
Adrian Lyne (born 4 March 1941 in Peterborough, then in Northamptonshire, England) is an English filmmaker and producer. He is best known for directing films that focus on sexually charged characters and often uses natural light, a fog machine and other effects to create eroticized atmospheres. He was educated at Highgate School.
Kieran Healy is an Irish sociologist at Duke University and a regular visitor to the Research School in Social Science (RSSS) at the Australian National University. He earned his PhD in sociology from Princeton University having begun his studies at University College Cork, in Ireland. He is married to L.A. Paul, a philosopher at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill. His research interests include the social basis of self-interest and altruism, and the organization of exchange in human goods (like blood, organs, eggs and genetic material) and the role of volunteering in the open source software movement. In 2002, he was awarded the American Sociological Association's Dissertation Award for ``Exchange in Blood and Organs.''
In 2000 Stahl did a British Council funded residency at Chiang Mai University. Much of his recent work reflects on travels to Japan and Thailand and addresses the conflation of time, space and cultures that long-haul travel brings. Andrew Stahl's paintings approach cultural differences and connections using pictorial language, imagination and figuration. Images become vehicles to carry painterly experimentation. This was underpinned by a further series of residencies in Thailand, plus residencies in Australia (Sydney) and China (Guangzhou). Recent solo shows include Robert Steele Gallery, New York and Matthew Bown Gallery, London, 2007; Anywhere Anytime Anyhow, Ardel Gallery Bangkok 2009 and New Paintings, Robert Steele Gallery, New York, 2010. Group shows include the British Council show Monologue/Dialogue featuring artists from the UK and Thailand, Part 1 in Bangkok, 2006 and Part 2 in London, 2008; Stew, Artspace, London, 2008; Same as it ever was, University of the Arts, London, 2008; Painting of the 80s, Matthew Bown Gallerie, Berlin, 2009 and Select, Peppercannister Gallery, Dublin, 2010.
Kim Paffenroth was born in 1966 in Syosset, New York. He attended Broad Run High School and Los Alamos High School. He went on to receive the BA from St. John's College in Annapolis, Maryland, the STM from Harvard Divinity School, and the PhD The University of Notre Dame. After teaching at Villanova University, Paffenroth has since been an Associate Professor of Religious Studies at Iona College. He is the author of numerous books on the Bible and theology. His book Gospel of the Living Dead: George Romero's Visions of Hell on Earth won the Bram Stoker Award in the non-fiction category.
John Pitre studied at the Art Students League of New York and has lived and worked in Hawaii for three decades. With his wife Patricia, his ex-wife Ginette and their artist daughters Dawn Pitre and Tanya Joy, he is the proprietor of Pitre Fine Arts in Honolulu.
Willis Linn Jepson (August 19, 1867 at Little Oak Ranch, near Vacaville, California -- November 7, 1946, Berkeley, California) is known as California's most distinguished early botanist. He became interested in botany as a boy and explored adjacent regions. He had come in contact with various botanists before he entered college. He graduated from the University of California in 1889, and the following year became an assistant in botany.
Mabel Lee is a translator of the works of Nobel Prize-winning author Gao Xingjian. She has taught Asian studies at the University of Sydney and is one of Australia's leading authorities on Chinese cultural affairs. Lee was a professor of South-East Asian Studies at Sydney University and had already begun translation of the poems of Chinese writer, Yang Lien when she met Gao Xingjian, in Paris in 1991. After that meeting, Lee offered to translate Soul Mountain, a project which took seven years, and an additional two to find a publisher for the book in Australia. Following publication, Gao Xingjian became the first Chinese to win a Nobel Prize in Literature.
Steve Morley attended Queen Elizabeth High School in Halifax, Nova Scotia Canada from 1996-1999. In 1996 was named team Rookie of the Year. In 1999 was named team Linemen of the year. Help lead the Lions Football Team to the Provincial Championships in 1998.
Kay Stonham is a British actress and writer. She was a member of the regular cast of Jasper Carrott's BBC TV comedy sketch show Carrott's Lib in 1982. She graduated from Rose Bruford College in 1977. She co-created and co-wrote series one and two of the BBC Radio 4 series Robin and Wendy's Wet Weekends, and was sole writer on series three and four. She took the part of Wendy Mayfield opposite collaborator on the first two series Simon Greenall as Robin Mayfield. She created the critically acclaimed series Audio Diaries for Radio 4 which ran for three series from 1998 to 2001 This innovative mockumentary was ahead of its time in style and content. As a performer she appeared in another acclaimed mock documentary series People Like Us both in its Radio 4 and BBC 2 incarnations. She was also a contributor to other Radio 4 comedy shows including The Sunday Format, Dead Ringers and Week Ending. She won the Radio Light Entertainment Titheridge Award in 1995.
Pam Borton, head women's basketball coach at the University of Minnesota, is a graduate of Fayette High School.
After an early education by Rev. George Newby, he attended Durham School. One of his schoolmates was Henry Baker Tristram. He matriculated at University College, Durham in October 1836 and graduated with his BA in June 1839. He starting training to be a barrister at Middle Temple, but did not like London so returned to Durham in 1841 to study theology. He received an Master of Arts in 1843. Greenwell was ordained a deacon by Bishop Edward Maltby June 30, 1844 and priest June 28, 1846. He was bursar of University College in Durham from 1844 to 1847.
Dr. H. Jay Melosh (born June 23, 1947) is an American geophysicist, renowned as an expert on impact cratering. He earned a degree in physics from Princeton University and a doctoral degree in physics and geology from Caltech in 1972. Dr. Melosh's research interests include impact craters, planetary tectonics, and the physics of earthquakes and landslides. His recent research includes studies of the giant impact origin of the moon, the K/T impact that extinguished the dinosaurs and the ejection of rocks from their parent bodies. He is also active in astrobiological studies that relate chiefly to the exchange of microorganisms between the terrestrial planets (a process known as panspermia, or in his terms transpermia http://www1.tpgi.com.au/users/tps-seti/swaprock.html). In 1989, Oxford University Press published his book ``Impact Cratering: A Geologic Process'' (ISBN 0-19-510463-3)
James Kyle Dall was the first headmaster of Elmfield College, Heworth, York (Booth 1990:29). Born at Preston in Lancashire, the son of John Dall, he entered Trinity College, Dublin in October 1845 at the age of 21, and graduated BA in 1850. He had been a schoolmaster in Leeds before moving to Elmfield, where he worked closely with John Petty, its first Governor.
Silvano Levy is an academic and art critic specialising in surrealism, with emphasis on Conroy Maddox and Desmond Morris. He studied at the University of Reading and the University of Kent at Canterbury.
Robert Wells was born Robert Levinson in 1922 in Raymond, Washington. He attended a local business college and later the University of Southern California, where he majored in speech and drama. He served in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II. Both before and after the war, he worked as a script writer and lyricist for both radio and film.
Matilda White Riley was born on April 19, 1911 in Boston, Massachusetts. She was raised by her grandmother in Brunswick, Maine. Riley attended Brunswick High School; there she met her husband John (Jack) W. Riley Jr.. In 1931,earned her bachelor's (and later her master's degree) from Radcliffe College in Cambridge Massachusetts. That same year she and John married, they were married for sixty-nine years until John's death in 2002. Together the couple would have two children, John W. Riley III and Lucy Sallick.Riley and her husband often worked side by side, recurrently co-authoring papers together, their first joint scientific paper published in the 1930'ss about contraceptive behavior . Riley worked as a research assistant at Harvard from 1932-1933 while John was a graduate student. From 1942 to 1944, Riley worked as a market researcher and an economist for the War Production War during World War II. Along with her father, Riley established the Market Research Company of America from 1939 to 1949. Later she began a career in the Sociology of Aging at Rutgers University in New Jersey and then at Bowdoin College in Brunswick, Maine . In 1972, Riley earned her Doctor of Science degree from Bowdoin College then in 1973 she earned her Doctor in Humane Letters from Rutgers University .
In 1968, he won Honorable Mention at the Casa de las Américas in Cuba. In the same year, Chávez traveled to the United States, where he studied at the Pratt Institute of New York and in the School of the Art Institute of Chicago. While in Chicago, he participated in the 1969 show, Santos Chavez and Hector Herrara: Two Chilean Artists at the Renaissance Society at the University of Chicago.
David Small attended Cass Technical High School and began studying writing in college, but at age 21 switched to art. He earned a bachelor of fine arts degree at Wayne State University and a master of fine arts degree at Yale University. Small taught art for many years on the college level, ran and film series, and made satirical sketches for campus newspapers. His first book, which he wrote and illustrated, Eulalie and the Hopping Head, was published in 1981.
Chris Moore (born May 21, 1984) is an American basketball player who has played international professional basketball in Hungary and Australia. The 6'5`` shooting guard graduated from McKinney High School in McKinney, Texas in May 2002. He then attended Maine Central Institute for a post graduate year from Aug 2002 through May 2003. He received his Bachelor of Arts degree from Tulane University in New Orleans, Louisiana in May 2007.
Gerald Fowler (27 July 1866 -- 24 May 1916) was an English cricketer who made 119 first-class appearances for Somerset between 1891 and 1903. A right-handed batsman and right-arm fast-medium bowler, Fowler was educated at Clifton College and Oxford University. He died in 1916 after an operation for appendicitis.
Jerome Cochran was born in Saigon on November 17, 1971. He received a B.A. at the University of Tennessee in Knoxville and later earned a J.D. after attending the Regent University School of Law that was founded by 700 Club founder Pat Robertson.
Brian Schaefering (born August 20, 1983 in St. Louis, Missouri) is an American football defensive end for the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League. He was signed by the Browns as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Lindenwood Lions and for the Illinois Fighting Illini.
The Kavalam village, was also home to people like, K. M. Panikkar, historian and administrator, and playwright and poet, Kavalam Narayana Panicker, his cousin . He published his first poem at the age of 16, published in the Mathrubhoomi Weekly. He did his Intermediate at Malabar Christian College, Kozhikode, and B.A. Honours in English Literature from the University College, Thiruvananthapuram in 1951, thereafter he received his Master's degree from the University of Kerala.
Meidl attended El Camino College, a junior college in Torrance, California before transferring to California State University, Long Beach, where he studied business administration. He later went on to the University of Southern California, where he earned an MBA. The two-time Olympian recently established the Cliff Meidl Foundation--a California non-profit organization (501(c3))-- to advocate educational awareness, promote the sport of kayaking, and recognize individuals for exceptional effort, courage, and achievement in the midst of challenging circumstances.
Karl Rauch is the chief executive officer of Coachware (formerly known as Knowtions), a software company founded in New Jersey in 2005. Rauch was educated at Villanova University and was born in North Carolina. Rauch was previously with Deutsche Bank before being involved in a series of start up businesses.
John Preston Maxwell was born on 5 December 1871 in Birmingham, where his father Dr James Laidlaw Maxwell, practised medicine. He attended University College School and University College London, before taking his clinical training at St Bartholomew's Hospital, from which he emerged with a gold medal in obstetrics and went on to work as a resident at St Bartholomew's. Then, following his devout Presbyterian faith, Maxwell became a Medical missionary for the English Presbyterian Church and, in about 1898, went to Fujian in China, where he spent the majority of his professional life. He worked at Yungchun Hospital, Fujian, from 1899 to 1919, and Changpoo, Amoy.
Collins was born in New York City to William and Katherine Collins. Katherine Collins was a nurse who stopped working to raise the couple's only child. Mrs. Collins had the ability to recite verses on almost any subject, which she often did, and cultivated in her young son the love of words, both written and spoken. Billy Collins attended Archbishop Stepinac High School in White Plains and received a B.A. (English) from the College of the Holy Cross in 1963 and received his M.A. and Ph.D in English from the University of California, Riverside. His professors at Riverside included Victorian scholar and poet Robert Peters. In 1975 Collins founded The Mid Atlantic Review with his good friend and co-editor, Michael Shannon.
Born at Clifton, Cave was the eldest son of Daniel Cave, of Cleve Hill, near Bristol (d. 9 March 1872), by his marriage on 15 April 1820 to Frances, only daughter of Henry Locock, MD, of London. The banker Sir Charles Cave, 1st Baronet, was his younger brother. He was educated at Harrow and Balliol College, Oxford, where he graduated BA in 1843 and MA in 1846.
Crawford was born in Grenfell, New South Wales, where his father was a coalminer and railway worker. His brother, Sir John Crawford, became a distinguished economist. Max Crawford was educated at Sydney Boys High School, the University of Sydney and Balliol College, Oxford, where he studied English, history, philosophy and fine art (he was an accomplished painter and poet). In 1935 he returned to Australia to take up a lectureship in history at Sydney, and in 1937 he succeeded Sir Ernest Scott as Professor of History at Melbourne.
His father Phelim Calleary had been a TD for Mayo North constituency from 1952 to 1969. A native of Ballina he was educated at Garbally College in Ballinasloe, County Galway. He served as Minister of State at the Department of Public Service from 1979 to 1981, at the Department of Industry and Commerce in 1982 and at the Department of Foreign Affairs from 1987 to 1992.
Chris Foley (born in Rome,NY))) is a drummer best known for his work with the Boston hardcore band SSD, in the early and mid 1980s- recording four highly influential albums with the band. He graduated from Berklee College of Music and went to pursue a career as a drummer and musical instrument maker. He was the drummer in the final line-up of fellow Boston Hardcore band,DYS. 90-94 he played in Bulkhead a Shimmy Disc recording artist. In the mid 90's he played with Warner Brothers recording artist Jen Trynin, recording and touring including performing on MTV and The Conan O'Brien Show. In 2000 Chris was playing with Boston Band StarGhostDog. Later on he would play in Heavy Stud and currently with Joe Six Pack. For more than 20 years he has been involved in making concert level flutes and piccolos. He continues to play and make musical instruments to this day.
Evan Jones was born in 1927, the son of a banana farmer. He grew up in rural Jamaica and was educated at the prestigious boarding school Munro College and Haverford College in Pennsylvania. He graduated from Wadham College, Oxford in 1952 with a BA (Hons) in English literature. Jones taught at the George School in Pennsylvania and Wesleyan University, Connecticut. In 1956, he moved to England and earned his living as a writer of documentary drama, television plays and feature films.
Edwin Manners, (March 6, 1855 in Jersey City, New Jersey, U.S.A. -May 4, 1913) was an American lawyer, property owner and diarist. He graduated from Princeton University with a Bachelor of Arts in 1877, went on to earn a degree in Law at Columbia University, and was accepted to the bar. He became involved in projects to improve Jersey City, such as a project improving the water supply. He continued as a lawyer, besides his municipal interests, and spent a good deal of time managing his property. He also kept a journal detailing his life over a 21 year period, from 1893 to 1913.
Jan Steytler went to England, in the 1930s, to study medicine at Guy's Hospital, London. As a student and later a member of staff, Steytler played first class Rugby Union for his hospital and was mentioned as a possible England player.
Wendi Reed (born November 28, 1966) is an American fashion designer based in New York. Raised on Long Island, she studied Interior Design at the Fashion Institute of Technology. She currently designs Wendi Reed, a womenswear and menswear line which shows during New York Fashion Week.
Chad Ruyle was born in La Jolla, California. Ruyle attended Baylor University, earning a BA in English and Sociology. After graduating from Baylor, Ruyle attended the California Western School of Law and received his Juris Doctor degree while attaining Dean's List.
In 1928, Alice Werner received the degree of Director of Literature from the University of London. Following her retirement, she received the title of Emeritus Professor from the same University. In 1931 she was awarded the Silver medal of the African Society, of which she was Vice-President.
The youngest son of Joseph and Carmela Camilleri, Emanuel Galea was born in Senglea, Malta, on March 10, 1891. After his primary education, he studied at the Lyceum between 1903 and 1909. After his decision to become a priest, he entered the Major Seminary and enrolled at the Royal University of Malta in 1910. He obtained the degree of Bachelor of Literature and Bachelor of Canon Law and that of Doctor of Divinity. He was awarded the Certificate of Honour in the Theology Course. He was ordained priest together with his brother Francesco on 18 December 1915, thus becoming the third priest in the family.
Thomas Leysen (born 1960) is a Belgian businessman. He obtained a law degree at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven. Thomas Leysen became Chairman of Umicore in November 2008 after having served as Chief Executive Officer of Umicore since 2000. Since April 2011 he is a member of the board of KBC Group, a banking and insurance group. He is also Chairman of Corelio, a Belgian media company, a member of the supervisory Board of Bank Metzler, Germany, and a member of the board of UCB.
Aaron Goldberg (born April 30, 1974, in Boston, Massachusetts) is a jazz pianist based in New York City. He began studying piano at seven and studied under Bob Sinicrope of Milton Academy and saxophonist Jerry Bergonzi. In 1991, at age 17, he studied at the New School for Jazz and Contemporary Music before enrolling at Harvard University, where he won the International Association of Jazz Educators' Clifford Brown/Stan Getz Fellowship award and became a member of Betty Carter's Jazz Ahead program. After graduating from Harvard in 1996, he performed as a sideman and is most associated with saxophonist Joshua Redman. Recently, Aaron has been touring and recording with young guitar guru Kurt Rosenwinkel. In 2005 he toured South America with Madeleine Peyroux and spent 6 months performing with the Wynton Marsalis quartet as well as the Lincoln Center Jazz Orchestra. Aaron's recorded credits includes work with artists Guillermo Klein, Terry Gibbs and Buddy DeFranco, John Ellis, Jimmy Greene and Eli Degibri. His debut album as a leader was Turning Point. His most recent release is Home. Goldberg received a Master's in Analytic Philosophy from Tufts University, working under Daniel Dennett in 2010. Goldberg currently lives in Brooklyn.
Born Richard Bebb Williams in London, he changed his name to his mother's surname, Bebb, when he took up acting as there was already a British actor called Richard Williams. He was educated at Highgate School in North London, and attended Trinity College, Cambridge from 1944-47.
Captain Viola B. Sanders, born 21 February, 1921 in Sidon, Mississippi), is the daughter of John S. and Viola Brown Sanders. She graduated from Greenwood High School and went on to attend Sunflower Junior College (now Mississippi Delta Community College) in Moorhead, Mississippi, for two years. In 1941, she received a BS in education from Delta State Teachers College (now Delta State University) in Cleveland, Mississippi, and was later chosen as the college's first outstanding alumna. She then taught grades seven to twelve in Glen Allan, Mississippi.
Sanjay Subrahmanyam, did his BA and MA in Economics from University of Delhi. He received his PhD in 1987 in Economics from Delhi School of Economics. His thesis was titled ''Trade and the Regional Economy of South India, c. 1550-1650``. He is the son of Indian strategic affairs analyst K. Subrahmanyam. He is married to the UCLA historian of modern France, Caroline Ford.
Zachary Carrettin is an American violinist. He completed his Bachelor and Master of Music degrees at the Shepherd School of Music, Rice University, Houston, Texas, where he studied classical violin with Kenneth Goldsmith.
During his career, Myron L. Bender was an active member of the Chicago Section of the American Chemical Society. He was elected a Fellow of Merton College, Oxford University, and to the National Academy of Sciences, the latter in 1968. He received an honorary degree from Purdue University in 1969. He was the recipient of the Midwest Award of the American Chemical Society in 1972.
Julia E. Sweig is the Nelson and David Rockefeller Senior Fellow for Latin America Studies and Director for Latin America Studies at the Council on Foreign Relations and specializes in Latin America and U.S.-Latin America foreign policy. Sweig holds a B.A. from the University of California, Santa Cruz and an M.A. and PhD. from the Johns Hopkins University School of Advanced International Studies. She is on the editorial board of Foreign Affairs en Español. She was born in Chicago.
Matthew J. Blit was born the eldest of two sons in Brooklyn, New York and grew up in the neighborhood of Mill Basin where he attended South Shore High School. His father is a Cuban-American and his mother is of English and Romanian descent. Blit received his Bachelor of Arts Degree from Saint John's University in 1997. In 2000, Blit graduated from St. John's University School of Law, earning the degree of Juris Doctor.
Brian H. Hook received a bachelor's degree in Marketing from the University of St. Thomas, a master's degree in Philosophy from Boston College and, in 1999, a J.D. from the University of Iowa College of Law. Hook served as a legislative aide to Rep. Jim Leach (R--IA-2) in the early 1990s. While he was in law school, from 1996 to 1997, Hook was a deputy legislative liaison for Iowa Governor Terry E. Branstad.
Alan Boyd, born Kilwinning, Scotland, 1951, is a pioneer of the personal computer software industry through the 1970s and 1980s. Leaving Scotland in 1968 he studied Physics and Mathematics at the University of Bath in England and later Columbia University in the USA. In the mid 1970s he hand-built one of the earliest personal computers and taught himself how to program microprocessors, writing some innovative machine code to do complex mathematics in a very limited memory space (256 bytes). After a spell working as a professional audio engineer he befriended Bill Gates and Paul Allen and moved to Seattle to become Manager of Product Development at Microsoft in 1980.
Cronin was born in Tredegar, Monmouthshire to Scottish doctor and novelist, A. J. Cronin and his wife May Gibson, but moved to London at the age of two. He was educated at Ampleforth College, Harvard University, the Sorbonne, and Trinity College, Oxford, from which he graduated with honours in 1947, earning a degree in ancient history and philosophy. During the Second World War, he served as a lieutenant in the British Army.
Amir Mir graduated from Pakistan's historic Government College University in Lahore with majors in Political Science, Sociology and Psychology. He started his career as a reporter while he was a student of Master's degree in Political Science Department at University of the Punjab Lahore in the year 1989 while he was 20 years of age. The most he achieved, however, as a potential journalist was when he became a part of Pakistan's leading English daily The News International and worked as a key team member of the News Bureau of Investigation, (NBI). During that period of time (1993-2001) a lot had gone awry on the political map of Pakistan and Mir wrote extensively on those issues. Along with The News, Mir also used to write for various publications home and abroad such as the Inter Press Service (IPS), the Straits Times, the Gulf News and weekly The Friday Times (TFT) and Monthly Newsline.
Arthur Janov was born in Los Angeles. Janov received his B.A. and M.S.W. in psychiatric social work from the University of California, Los Angeles and his Ph.D. in psychology from Claremont Graduate School in 1960. Janov originally practiced conventional psychotherapy in his native California. He did an internship at the Hacker Psychiatric Clinic in Beverly Hills, worked for the Veterans`` Administration at Brentwood Neuropsychiatric Hospital and has been in private practice since 1952. He was also on the staff of the Psychiatric Department at Los Angeles Children's Hospital where he was involved in developing their psychosomatic unit.
Farooq Azam (born in Lahore, Pakistan) is a highly cited researcher in the field of marine microbiology. He is a Distinguished Professor at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography, at the University of California, San Diego. Farooq Azam grew up in Lahore and received his early education in Lahore. He attended University of Punjab, Lahore, where he received his B.Sc in Marine Microbiology, and later he received his M.Sc in Marine Microbiology from the same institution. He then went to Czechoslovakia for higher studies. He received his Ph.D in Marine Microbiology from Czechoslovak Academy of Sciences. After he received his Ph.D, Farooq Azam moved to California, United States. Azam was the lead author on the paper which coined the term microbial loop.
Viktoras Kulvinskas is a Piscean who was born in Lithuania during World War II. He received his M.S. Degree in pure mathematics from the University of Connecticut, where he later taught mathematics. He then became a computer consultant for Harvard University, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory, and the Apollo Project, among others He is a member of the Physics honor society Sigma Pi Sigma and is also known for a variety of mystic and faith-based activities such as palmistry, numerology, iridology, reflexology, physiognomy and acupressure.
Adam Collis is an American filmmaker and actor. He attended the Duke University from 1986 to 1990 and the University of California, Los Angeles from 2007 to 2010. He also studied cinema at the University of Southern California from 1991 to 1997. Collis first work was the assistant director for the Scott Derrickson's short Love in the Ruins (1995). In 1998, he played ``Crankshaft'' in Eric Koyanagi's Hundred Percent.
Jack K. McFall was born in Tacoma, Washington on September 28, 1905. He was raised in Denver, Colorado and Kansas City, Missouri, where he graduated from Northeast High School. He then moved to Gary, Indiana and worked in a bank. In 1925, McFall enrolled in the Georgetown University School of Foreign Service; he graduated with a bachelor's degree in foreign service in 1929. While he was attending Georgetown, McFall worked for Sen. Arthur Raymond Robinson (R--IN) for three years, and in 1928 worked for the United States House Committee on Appropriations upon a recommendation from Rep. William R. Wood (R--IN-10).
Robert K. Weiss is an American film and television producer. His productions include films by director John Landis, producer Lorne Michaels, and the ``Z. A. Z.'' team of Jim Abrahams, David Zucker, and Jerry Zucker. He also co-created the science-fiction TV series Sliders. He is a graduate of Southern Illinois University Carbondale.
Alexander Campbell Botkin (October 13, 1842 -- November 1, 1905) was a United States politician from Montana. Botkin was born on October 13, 1842 in Dane County, Wisconsin. He graduated from the University of Wisconsin with a bachelors and masters degree and received his law degree from Albany Law School. He was in the newspaper business. In 1878, President Rutherford Hayes appointed him United States Marshal for the Montana Territory. In 1880, he was became paralyzed as a result of a storm, and remained paralyzed until his death; He still had his law practice and political career. In 1897, President William McKinley appointed Botkin to a commission on the United States criminal and penal code. He eventually came chairman of the commission dying in office in Washington, D.C. In 1882, Botkin unsuccessfully ran for U.S. Congressional Delegate from Montana Territory. After Montana's admission into the Union, Botkin served as Lieutenant Governor from 1893 to 1897. Botkin would run for Governor in 1896, losing to Robert Burns Smith.
She was educated at Three Rivers College in Norwich, Connecticut in computer science and Arizona State University in Technical Communications. http://www.advogato.org/person/aicra/ In May 2008, Marcia received a MS in Technology from Arizona State University. Marcia Wilbur worked at Microchip Technology for 4 years: 1 as a QA consultant in IS and 3 years full time in the SMTD ( Security, Microcontroller, and Technology Development Division ). In 2009, she voluntarily terminated her employment with Microchip and is currently working as a professor.
James Price Dillard is a professor of Communication Arts and Sciences Department at Penn State University. He has authored and co-authored over 50 manuscripts primarily on the role of emotion and persuasive influence. Dillard graduated in 1976 from the University of Kansas with a Bachelor's degree in Speech Communication and Psychology. In 1978, he earned his Master's degree in Communication from Arizona State University and in 1983, he received a Ph.D. in Communication from Michigan State University. Dillard is currently teaching Measurement in Communication Science and Persuasive Message Processing classes at Penn State University. His awards include the NCA Golden Anniversary Award for the most outstanding, Distinguished Book Award, Communication and Social Cognition Division of the National Communication Association and many others.
Otis Williams (born June 2, 1936, Cincinnati, Ohio), attended Withrow High School in Cincinnati, and in 1952 joined an existing singing group in the school when one of its members was sick. The other original members were Bob Smith (tenor) (later replaced by Donald Peak), Rolland Bradley (tenor), Joe Penn (baritone/tenor), and Richard Parker (bass).
Sarah Allen is an American software developer and entrepreneur. Sarah attended Brown University in Rhode Island, where she majored in computer science and visual arts. Early in her career, she was a key contributor to the creation of Adobe After Effects, Adobe Shockwave, Flash video. After her early and important contributions to Adobe's After Effects, Shockwave and Flash Video, she has turned to building her expertise in open source web development languages and various mobile application development platforms.
Parks was aide de camp to Major General Edward McGlachlin, Jr. from 1921 to 1923. He received a Masters of Science in engineering degree from Yale University and graduated from Tank School in 1924. Also in that year he married Molly Mitchel Trewbridge, but the marriage lasted only 3 years and they were divorced in 1927. In 1927, he became the commanding officer of Company A, 21st Infantry at Schofield Barracks in Hawaii. From 1928 to 1932 he was at West Point as the aide-de-camp to Major General William R. Smith, the superintendent of the United States Military Academy. In 1931 he married Harriet Marie Appleby-Robinson with whom he raised four children. Parks graduated from United States Army Infantry School in 1933. He then attended the Command and General Staff School in Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, graduating in June 1935. He then served as an instructor until 1937. From 1937 to 1939, he was aide-de-camp to General Malin Craig, Chief of Staff of the Army.
Todd Shields is a political scientist at the University of Arkansas. He completed his B.A. at Miami University in 1990, and received his M.A. and Ph.D. from the University of Kentucky in 1991 and 1994. His research interests lie broadly in American campaigns and elections, though he also researches in political psychology, political communication, and research methods. The author of many journal articles, his first book examines the likely effects of campaign finance referenda on congressional elections. He is the co-author of Money Matters: The Effects of Campaign Finance Reform on Congressional Elections and the co-editor of The Clinton Riddle: Interdisciplinary Perspectives of the 42nd President. He is Professor, Chair of the Department of Political Science, Associate Director of the Fulbright Institute, and the Director of the Diane D. Blair Center of Southern Politics and Society, for which he organized the The New South Consortium, 2005 Conference, chaired by Senator David Pryor.
Thomas Anthony Trollope, Anthony's father, was a barrister. Though a clever and well-educated man and a Fellow of New College, Oxford, he failed at the bar due to his bad temper. In addition, his ventures into farming proved unprofitable, and he lost an expected inheritance when an elderly childless uncle re-married and had children. As a son of landed gentry he wanted his sons to be raised as gentlemen and to attend Oxford or Cambridge. Anthony Trollope suffered much misery in his boyhood owing to the disparity between his family's social background and his own comparative poverty.
Amy Denio attended the Cranbrook Schools in Bloomfield Hills from kindergarten through 12th grade, graduating in 1979. She became a autodidactic musician at age 12, quitting piano and starting guitar. She attended Colorado College, and also Hampshire College, graduating with a B.A. in Music Composition and Improvisation from Hampshire in 1984. She is self-taught on guitar, electric bass, drums, saxophone, clarinet, accordion, and various world instruments. She was sponsored by Jazz India to live in Bombay and study Thumri, Northern Indian vocal technique from Dhanashree Pandit-Rai in 1997.
Mark Whitney Mehran (also known as MWM) is an author, business owner, land speed racer, Hot Rod and Chopper builder and Pinstriper. Born and raised in California, Mehran attended Eaglebrook School and Cate School, and graduated from Brown University with an honors degree in English and American Literature.
Raymond Cottrell, the great-grandson of Roswell Fenner Cottrell and nephew of Roy Franklin Cottrell, was born in Glendale, Calif., in 1912. He is a graduate of La Sierra Academy and received his B.A, and : M.A, degrees from Pacific Union College.
Born in San Francisco, Assemblyman Roger Niello has lived in Sacramento nearly all of his life. After graduating from Sacramento's Encina High School, Roger attended the University of California at Berkeley for his undergraduate studies, then completed his graduate studies at the University of California at Los Angeles.
Sir Thomas Hoby (1530--1566) was an English diplomat and translator. He was born in 1530, the second son of William Hoby of Leominster, Herefordshire, by his second wife, Katherine, daughter of John Forden. He matriculated at St. John's College, Cambridge in 1546. Encouraged by his sophisticated half-brother, Sir Philip Hoby, he subsequently visited France, Italy, and other foreign countries, and, as Roger Ascham states, ``was many wayes well furnished with learning, and very expert in knowledge of divers tongues.'' His tour of Italy, which included visits to Calabria and Sicily and which he documented in his autobiography, is the most extensive known to have been undertaken by an Englishman in the 16th century. In this and other respects, it may be regarded as a pioneering Grand Tour.
Santi Thakral was born in the northern Thai province of Phrae, the youngest son of an Indian Sikh and a Thai. He studied at Bangkok's Assumption College and Assumption Commercial College before completing his LL.B. at Thammasat University. He also has an M.A. in Political Science from Thammasat University. He has received training from the Academy of American and International Law at Southern Methodist University, the National College of State Judiciary at the University of Nevada, and the United Nations Asia and Far East Institute for the Prevention of Crime and Treatment of Offenders.
William Kennedy (July 31, 1768 -- October 11, 1834) was a member of the United States House of Representatives from North Carolina. He was born near Washington, North Carolina. He graduated from the University of Pennsylvania at Philadelphia in 1782.
Jack Wolfe was active in the Boston art scene, where he gained acclaim in the 1950s for abstract expressionist works. In the following decades, his abstract works became more large-scale and colorful. He attended the Rhode Island School of Design from 1942--43, and the School of the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston from 1945-49. He was selected for the prestigious Carnegie International in 1955, and was part of the 1957 ``Young America'' exhibition at the Whitney Museum, New York, in 1957, and the ``Whitney Annual'' in 1958. His works have been exhibited nationally and internationally. Some of the best known paintings include a portrait of Abraham Lincoln, entitled ``Witness, 1962'' which toured Europe in 1966-7 with the U.S. State Department ``Art for Embassies'' program, as well as the 30' anti-Vietnam war painting ``'NAM.''
Yoel Esteron earned a degree in economics from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and a master's degree in communications.
Daniel Marcus is a science fiction author from Berkeley, California. He has written numerous short stories that have appeared in Witness, Asimov's Science Fiction, Realms of Fantasy, The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction, and other publications. Binding Energy, a collection of his short stories, was published in 2008 to positive reviews. He has authored two novels and is currently an instructor at Gotham Writers' Workshop. Daniel Marcus is a graduate of Clarion West Writers Workshop and holds a Ph.D. in mechanical engineering from UC Berkeley.
Geoffrey Howe was born in 1926 at Port Talbot in Wales. A pupil of the Bridgend Preparatory School, Bryntirion, he then attended Abberley Hall School, Worcestershire and Winchester College. He then did National Service as a Lieutenant with the Royal Corps of Signals in East Africa, by his own account giving political lectures in Swahili about how Africans should avoid communism and remain loyal to ``Bwana Kingy George''. Having declined an offer to remain in the army as a captain, he went up to Trinity Hall, Cambridge, where he read Law and was chairman of the Cambridge University Conservative Association, and on the committee of the Cambridge Union Society. He was called to the Bar in 1952 and was made a QC in 1965. He stood as the Conservative Party candidate in Aberavon at the 1955 and 1959 general elections, losing in a very safe Labour Party seat. He became chairman of the Bow Group, an internal Conservative think tank of 'young modernisers' in the 1960s, and edited its magazine Crossbow.
A. J. Antoon (December 7, 1944 -- January 22, 1992) was an American theatre director. He attended the Yale School of Drama. Beginning in 1971, Antoon directed numerous plays at the New York Shakespeare Festival over a period of nearly 20 years. In 1973, Antoon became one of the few directors to have been nominated for two Tony Awards in the same category in the same year. In addition to winning the Tony Award with one of his nominations, Antoon was also the winner of a Drama Desk Award, a New York Drama Critics' Circle Award, and an Obie Award. His career lasted until 1991; he died less than a year later from AIDS-related lymphoma.
Percival was born in Clifton, Bristol in 1869 to John Percival and Louisa Holland. He was educated at Clifton College, of which his father was headmaster. Percival followed his father later in life when he matriculated to Trinity College, Oxford, as after leaving Clifton, John Percival had taken the role of President of Trinity College.
Michael V. Bhatia was born in Upland, California on August 23, 1976. He attended Brown University, where he graduated magna cum laude with a B.A. in International Relations in 1999. He was the recipient of the Herbert Scoville Jr. Peace Fellowship and a Marshall Scholarship to study at the University of Oxford where he earned his M.Sc. in International Relations in 2002. He was a Visiting Fellow at the Watson Institute for International Studies at Brown University and a lecturer at Carleton University, Ottawa. Bhatia was killed on May 7, 2008 in Khost Province, Afghanistan where he was serving as a social scientist in consultation with the US Defense Department. On May 16, 2008, by order of the Secretary of Defense of the United States, Michael was awarded the Secretary of Defense Medal for the Defense of Freedom posthumously.
Orly Goldwasser received her B.A. at Tel Aviv University, continued studying at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem, where she was awarded her M.A. and PhD degrees. She occupies the chair of Egyptology at the Hebrew University, and is a Honorary Professor at the University of Göttingen, she was guest professor at the University of Göttingen, Harvard University and at the Collège de France.
Neil McNeill (19 June 1921 -- 8 February 2009) was an Australian politician. Born in Yarloop, Western Australia, he was educated at Scotch College, Perth, and the University of Western Australia, after which he became a farmer. He served in the military in 1945, and returned to become a district officer with the Western Australian Department of Agriculture. In 1961, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Liberal member for Canning. He held the seat until his defeat by a Country Party candidate in 1963. In 1965 he was elected to the Western Australian Legislative Council for Lower West, where he remained until 1983, when he retired.
Alexander Gelman was born in Leningrad, USSR to Maria Gelman, a musician, and Simon Gelman, a physician. Both of his maternal grandparents worked at the Mikhaylovsky Theatre and young Alexander (Sasha) literally took his first steps there. In 1973 the family emigrated to Israel and in 1976 to the USA. In 1978 he graduated from Charles F. Brush High School in Lyndhurst, Ohio.
Rosemary Dunleavy (born, New York City) studied ballet with Bella Malinka and Nina Popova at the High School of Performing Arts. After graduation she attended the School of American Ballet and in 1961 joined New York City Ballet. She performed in the premieres of George Balanchine's A Midsummer NIght's Dream, Harlequinade, Don Quixote and Jewels. In 1971 she retired from dancing and became Balanchine's full-time assistant balletmistress, and since 1983 she has been City Ballet's balletmistress.
Lafayette has produced many prominent businessmen, engineers, politicians, and other notable individuals including Kevin Bloomfield, the first psychology professor, Vineyard Vines founder Ian Murray, and Secretary of the Treasury William E. Simon. David K. McDonogh, of the Class of 1844, is argued by the College to be the first ``legalized'' slave ever to receive a college degree. In addition, the founders of the 1960s pop group The Cyrkle, guitarists Don Danneman and Tom Dawes, were graduates of Lafayette. F. Wilbur Gingrich, Class of 1923, became a well known Greek scholar, and is noted for translating and adapting the work of Walter Bauer's Greek-German lexicon (Bauer lexicon) in collaboration with William F. Arndt. Leonard Jeffries, a professor at CCNY, was president of a traditionally Jewish fraternity while he was a student at Lafayette College. Jim Rosenhaus, broadcaster for the Cleveland Indians, also graduated from Lafayette College. The College has approximately 28,000 registered alumni. Joe madden, manager of the Tampa Bay rays.
Steve Burns, owner of Steve Burns Golf Design (founded in 1988), has been a golf course designer since 1981. He is a nationally certified landscape architect and is a member of the American Society of Golf Course Architects. Burns studied pre-engineering at Ohio Wesleyan University prior to earning a Bachelor of Science degree in landscape architecture from Ohio State University in 1981. Before founding Burns Golf Design, he was employed with Fazio Golf Course Designers, Inc. from 1981 to 1988.
Jennifer Wilby received a BA in Political Science in 1978 from the University of California, Riverside, and a MSc in Cybernetic Systems from San Jose State University in 1992. In 1999 she also received a MPH in Public Health from the University of Leeds, and in 2007 a PhD in Management Systems at the University of Hull.
Alfred Gray was born in Dallas, Texas and studied mathematics at the University of Kansas. He received a Ph.D. from the University of California, Los Angeles in 1964 and spent four years at University of California, Berkeley. From 1970--1998 he was a professor at the University of Maryland, College Park.
He was the son of Captain James Hooker (1742-1805), a merchant, and his third wife, Mary (Chaffee) Hooker. He graduated from Yale College in 1810, and then studied law at the Litchfield Law School. He married Helen Sarah Reade (1790-1879), and they had two daughters.
Warwick Collins (born 14 December 1948) is a British novelist, screenwriter, yacht designer, and evolutionary theorist. Collins was born in Johannesburg to English-speaking parents. His father, Robin Collins, was a novelist who wrote under the nom-de-plume Robin Cranford. Robin Collins's novels were written from a liberal perspective and one of them, My City Fears Tomorrow, was banned by the South African apartheid regime. When Warwick Collins was eleven, his family moved to England, and Collins entered The King's School, Canterbury. He continued his education at the University of Sussex, where he read Biology.
In December 1974 Bill Gates was a student at Harvard University and Paul Allen worked for Honeywell in Boston when they saw the Altair 8800 computer in the January 1975 issue of Popular Electronics. They had written BASIC language programs since their days at Lakeside School in Seattle and knew the Altair computer was powerful enough to support a BASIC interpreter. They wanted to be the first to offer BASIC for the Altair computer and the software development tools they had previously created for their Intel 8008 microprocessor based Traf-O-Data computer would give them a head start.
Spurgeon Neel graduated from the Memphis State University in 1939, majoring in pre-med. He earned his Doctorate of Medicine in 1942 from the University of Tennessee. Dr. Neel was a member of Phi Chi Medical Fraternity's Alpha Beta Chapter.
Camden was born at Lincoln's Inn Fields, London, the only son of Lord Chancellor Charles Pratt, 1st Earl Camden, and Elizabeth, daughter of Nicholas Jeffreys, of The Priory, Brecknockshire. He was educated at the University of Cambridge (Trinity College).
He was born in Boston, Massachusetts, the son of William Foye, who served as treasurer and receiver-general of Massachusetts, and Elizabeth Campbell. Foye was educated at Harvard College. He served as lieutenant in the expedition against Cartagena. Foye came to Halifax with Edward Cornwallis in 1749. He served as Provost Marshall for the province from 1749 until his death and was lieutenant-colonel in the Halifax militia. He died in Halifax at the age of 54.
Hamid Ahmadieh was born in Tehran but spent his early life in Yazd, Iran since his father had a career as a physician there. He received his diploma in Natural Sciences from Iranshahr High School in 1971 getting the first rank in the whole country. Ahmadieh obtained his M.D. degree from Tehran University of Medical Sciences in 1978. Then he did residency in ophthalmology at Farabi Eye Hospital from 1979 to 1982. Afterwards, he started a vitreoretinal fellowship at Labbafinejad Medical Center, Shahid Beheshti University of Medical Sciences in 1984 and finished it in 1986.
Chakri Toleti is an Indian actor and film director based in the United States who recently made his directorial debut with the bilingual films Unnaipol Oruvan (meaning ``Someone Like You'' in Tamil) and Eeenadu (meaning ``Today'' in Telugu). The film was a remake of Neeraj Pandey's 2008 Hindi film A Wednesday. Chakri Toleti made his acting debut in the Telugu film Sagara Sangamam and acted in over 15 films as a child artist. He obtained a bachelor's degree in Film and VFX at the University of Central Florida. He has also acted in dasavatharam starring Kamal Hassan in ten different roles
Cristina Spinei was born in Connecticut and graduated with bachelor's and master's degrees from the Juilliard School where she studied with Christopher Rouse. She has been called ``one of the most talented young composers in America'' by Grammy award winning composer/conductor José Serebrier. Spinei is recipient of the Connecticut Commission on Culture and Tourism Grant for Composition, the Composer Assistance Award from the American Music Center, the Foundation for Contemporary Arts composition grant, the New York State Council on the Arts composition grant, and the Composition Award from the Arts Recognition and Talent Search.
Ken Frailing of the Chicago White Sox and Chicago Cubs is a Marion High School graduate.
He studied guitar with Jerry Condorato becoming a musician. He was also the first teacher of Ron Affif his nephew. In 1955 I became a member of the 7th Army Jazz Band in Stuttgart, Germany. He studied at Duquesne University majoring in string bass with a piano minor for a year and then moved to New York. In 1962 he joined the George Shearing Quintet for 2 years, rejoined the group also later in 1971 until 1975.
Born in London, England on 2 March 1826, James Thomas was educated at University College School between 1835 and 1839, then attended University College. In 1879 he became a Member of the Institution of Civil Engineers, and was then articled to Evans and Sons. For two years he was superintendent of gun machinery for the arsenal at Trubia, Spain. He then spend several years as engineer to the Imperial Gas Company at Vauxhall.
Arthur Woollgar Verrall was educated at Twyford School, Wellington College, and Trinity College, Cambridge, where he graduated BA as 2nd Classic in 1872. Elected a fellow of Trinity in 1874, he was a College Lecturer from 1877 to 1911. He married Margaret Merrifield in 1882. A Trinity Tutor from 1889 to 1899. He was tutor to Aleister Crowley.
Leonard Boudin was the nephew of Louis Boudin, a labor lawyer and professor of constitutional law at Yale University. His brother-in-law was influential left-wing journalist I. F. Stone. He went to City College and received his law degree from St. John's Law School in 1936. Leonard fathered two children, Michael and Kathy, who achieved recognition in later life. Michael Boudin became a jurist and is currently a judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit, serving as its chief judge 2001-2008. Kathy Boudin was an activist and co-founder of the 1960s radical group the Weather Underground, who served 22 years in prison for her role in a 1981 robbery that left two police officers and a security guard dead. His only biological grandson, Chesa Boudin, Kathy's son, is now a student at the Yale Law School.
Chesa Boudin (born August 21, 1980) is an American progressive writer and lecturer, focused on Latin American issues. A Rhodes Scholar, he graduated from Yale Law School in 2011.
Ram Prakash Gupta was a professor of graph theory at Waterloo, Canada and Ohio State University, Columbus. He received his Ph.D. in graph theory from the Indian Statistical Institute, Calcutta, India in 1968, his advisor was C. R. Rao. Gupta is known for his work in chromatic numbers.
Dobson married his wife, Shirley, on August 26, 1960; they have two children, Danae and Ryan. Ryan Dobson (born in California in 1970), who graduated from Biola University in La Mirada, California, is a public speaker in his own right, speaking on issues relating to youth, and the pro-life movement. He was adopted by the Dobsons and is an ardent supporter of adoption, especially adoption of troubled children.
Norman Earl Smith (born in Micro, North Carolina) is an American former coach of many sports at Campbell University and also a basketball and baseball coach at East Carolina University. Smith attended East Carolina and participated in baseball, basketball, and football from his sophomore year through his senior year. He is currently living in Fayetteville, North Carolina.
Aaron Fenton (born January 18, 1982) of Philadelphia, PA is a lacrosse goaltender. He attended Duke University before being selected by the San Francisco Dragons.
Devita Saraf is the daughter of Raj Saraf, the founder of Zenith Computers. She attended Queen Mary's School and H. R. College in Mumbai and then moved to the USA to continue her studies at the University of Southern California, where she received a Bachelor of Business Management degree with a specialization in Marketing.
Wiley Brown attended Worth County High School in Sylvester, Georgia where he played varsity basketball and led a prolific career with the Rams during his four years with the school. Wiley was regarded as one of the top recruits during his senior year and thus received numerous offers from Division I schools before deciding to enroll at the University of Louisville.
Gustav Dannreuther (July 21, 1853 -- December 19, 1923) was a violinist and conductor from Cincinnati, Ohio. In 1871, at the age of 18, he was sent to the Berlin University of the Arts, where he studied violin under Heinrich De Ahna, famed violinist Joseph Joachim (recent reorganizer of the school), and Heitel (for theory).
The song ``Ibi Dreams of Pavement (A Better Day)'' refers to Canadian novelist Ibi Kaslik, a friend of the band. It is also suggested that Broken Social Scene is used as basis for a band that appears in Kaslik's second novel The Angel Riots, about a rising indie rock band from Montreal. Kaslik attended the Etobicoke School of the Arts with members of the band and helped them on their first tour of Canada and the United States. Although Kaslik says ``It's definitely based on a world that I know'', she has brushed off claims that the connection goes very deep, saying ``it would be mistaken and scurrilous to try to identify individual people''. She warns against ``scouring the pages for thinly disguised characterizations of ... Kevin Drew, ... Emily Haines or ... Amy Millan''.
Nikki Hornsby was born in Long Beach, California, but grew up in North Virginia. As a young teenager, Hornsby was contracted to perform as a solo singer and guitar artist. After graduating Fairfax Hall Waynesboro, Virginia college preparatory high school, Hornsby attended Sacred Heart and Belmont Abbey Colleges North Carolina full time, while performing at The Sheraton Motel Lounge and other various local clubs. While majoring in Psychology & Theology she transferred to George Mason University in Virginia, Hornsby continued working full time, accepting contracts for solo work as a singer & Musicians Union guitarist. Some of these union contracts were at The Marriot Key Bridges Hotel Lounge in Northern Virginia and was the first female singer-guitar player performing on the Auto Train that traveled from Lorton, VA to Sanford, FL. Nikki Hornsby also was contracted as a stand up singer with a piano player & some other local Union Musicians in many clubs in the Washington DC and the surrounding area, including Lucky Pierre's Lounge at LaFonte Plaza, the Watergate Lounge, Hogates, to name a few.
From 1933 to 1980, the office of Webster Parish sheriff, who also holds the title of chief parish tax collector, was filled by only three persons, all Democrats, from two political families. Oscar Henry Haynes, Sr. (1888--1969), held the position from 1933--1952 and was a deputy sheriff for the five years prior to his becoming sheriff. His son, O. H. Haynes, Jr., a 1939 graduate of Minden High School, served from 1964-1980. Like his father, Haynes, Jr., had been a deputy. He then served for eight years as supervisor of the state driver's license office in Minden, and he was the Exxon distributor in Webster Parish for some four decades. Haynes, Jr., was the father of Louisiana State University football star, Fred Haynes (1946--2006). The Hayneses are interred at the historic Minden Cemetery.
Richard Garfield is a public health and nursing professor at Columbia University. Garfield worked with Ministries of Health in several countries and in malaria control before coming to Columbia University, where he studied the effects of the economic sanctions on health conditions in Iraq, Cuba, Nicaragua, Liberia, Haiti, and the former Yugoslavia. he is best known for estimates of mortality changes related to conflict. On Iraq, Gulf War and UN sanctions against Iraq. Journalist Matt Welch praised Garfield's work on this controversial subject:
Jae Deal is from Baltimore, Maryland and began playing instruments at the age of seven. He attended Friends School of Baltimore, the oldest private school in Baltimore, and Baltimore Polytechnic Institute. By the time Jae was in high school, he was already a skillful bass guitar and synthesizer player. By the tenth grade, he was participating in PBS specials, international tours, and performances for the Pope with Dr. Nathan Carter of the Morgan State University Choir. Shortly after high school, Gospel music producer Steven Ford hired Jae to play on two major gospel recordings. The first was Vickie Winans, Live in Detroit. It was her first live recording and it was nominated for a Stellar Award. The second was T.D. Jakes`` Woman Thou Art Loosed. It won a Stellar Award and was Grammy nominated.
Peter Stephan Jungk was born to futurologist Robert Jungk. He grew up in the United States and after 1957 in Vienna. From 1968 to 1970 he attended the Robert-Steiner-School in Berlin. He lived in Salzburg from 1970 till he took his Matura in 1972. In 1973 Peter Stephan Jungk worked with the theater of Basel as an assistant director. From 1974 to 1976 he studied at the American Film Institute in Los Angeles.
Lee Allen was born in Muscatine, Iowa, then moved to Des Moines, where he graduated from East High School in 1928. He studied briefly with Iowa artist Charles Atherton Cumming at the Cumming School of Art, housed then on the upper floor of the Des Moines Public Library. In 1880, Cumming had launched the art department at Cornell College (Mount Vernon, Iowa) and, in 1909, had become the founding head of the art department at the University of Iowa (Iowa City), a position he continued to hold while also teaching in Des Moines. Encouraged by Cumming most likely, Allen enrolled in the School of Art at the University of Iowa in 1929. In 1932 and 1933 Allen was a student at the Stone City Art Colony and studied under Grant Wood.
Walter B. LaBerge was born in Chicago in 1924. His father was a salesman for the Fuller Brush Company. He was educated at the University of Notre Dame, receiving a degree in in 1944.
Francis de Souza is only the second priest of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Karachi to complete 60 years of service. He received his religious training at the Papal Seminary, Kandy, Sri Lanka and was ordained a priest on 24 August 1948. He served as Principal of St. Lawrence's Boys School from 1951-54. He studied at Oxford from 1954-58 and received an MA degree. He was rector of St. Pius X Minor Seminary Quetta from 1958-1965.
Daniel Hermann Anton Melbye (1818--1875) was a Danish painter. He studied at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts and was a private student of Christoffer Wilhelm Eckersberg. He achieved international success as a marine artist, travelling widely especially to Morocco and Turkey.
John Gratton Wilson (18 August 1863 -- 20 August 1948) was an Australian politician. Born in Melbourne, he was educated at Wesley College and the University of London before becoming a doctor and farmer near Warrnambool. In 1902, he was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly for the seat of Villiers and Heytesbury, but in 1903 he transferred to federal politics, winning the Australian House of Representatives seat of Corangamite as a member of the Free Trade Party. Defeated in 1910 by future Labor Prime Minister James Scullin, he entered the military in 1916 and served until 1919, after which he returned to his Warrnambool medical practice and farm. He died in 1948.
Born in Mexico City, Fernando Botero Zea is the first son of the renowned artist Fernando Botero and Gloria Zea. He has a sister Lina and brother Juan Carlos. His mother served as Minister of Culture of Colombia. His parents divorced in 1960 and each remarried. Botero graduated from the Universidad de Los Andes with a degree in Political Science. In the 1980s, he attended Harvard University's Business School and Kennedy School, where he obtained joint master's degrees in Business and Public Administration.
Elle Kennedy is a Canadian contemporary romance and romantic suspense writer. In 2010 she received a RITA Award nomination for Silent Watch, her debut novel with Silhouette Romantic Suspense. She also publishes with Harlequin Blaze and Samhain Publishing. She received her B.A. in English from York University in 2005. She also publishes under the name of Leeanne Kenedy.
Bernd H. Niehaus Quesada is a Doctor Summa Cum Laude in International Law from the University of Strasbourg (France). He completed Human Rights studies at the René Cassin Institute (France). He also obtained a Honoris Causae Doctorate from the Universidad Central del Este (Dominican Republic). He is Attorney at Law and Notary Public from the University of Costa Rica. He also studied Economics and Political Science in Bonn, Hamburg and Koln Universities, Germany. His family is partly German and he holds both nationalities.
After studying at Manchester University Leslie Martin taught at the University of Hull. In 1937 he co-edited with Ben Nicholson and Naum Gabo the journal that reviewed avant-garde abstract art and architecture.
Chris Owens was born in San Juan, Puerto Rico and raised in Brooklyn, New York. He attended Brooklyn Technical High School for his freshman year, and then graduated from the Bronx High School of Science.
Imran Anwar was born in Sahiwal, Pakistan and grew up in Karachi. Anwar attended Christ The King School and St Paul's English High School, where he completed Cambridge University School Certificate (O' Levels) studies in 1976. He completed the Cambridge University Higher School Certificate (HSC/``A' Levels'') studies in 1978 at Aitchison College, Lahore, where he was a College Prefect and awarded the 'Best Leaving Boy' Cup 1978.
John Whitfield (born 21 March 1957) is a British musician and conductor from Darlington, England. Whitfield was educated at Chetham's School of Music and Keble College, Oxford.
Taylor Bennett attended Lafayette High School in Wildwood, Missouri from 2000-2004.
The term VLIW, and the concept of VLIW architecture itself, were invented by Josh Fisher in his research group at Yale University in the early 1980s. His original development of trace scheduling as a compilation technique for VLIW was developed when he was a graduate student at New York University. Prior to VLIW, the notion of prescheduling functional units and instruction-level parallelism in software was well established in the practice of developing horizontal microcode. Fisher's innovations were around developing a compiler that could target horizontal microcode from programs written in an ordinary programming language. He realized that to get good performance and target a wide-issue machine, it would be necessary to find parallelism beyond that generally within a basic block. He developed region scheduling techniques to identify parallelism beyond basic blocks. Trace scheduling is such a technique, and involves scheduling the most likely path of basic blocks first, inserting compensation code to deal with speculative motions, scheduling the second most likely trace, and so on, until the schedule is complete.
Bruce Faulconer received advanced musical training in composition at the University of Texas with composers Hunter Johnson, Karl Korte, Joseph Schwantner, and Eugene Kurtz. While studying at the University of Texas at Austin, he was awarded a Bachelor of Music Degree with High Honors in Theory and Composition, a Master of Music Degree in Composition, and a Doctor of Musical Arts Degree in Composition. He has also received two Presidential Postdoctoral Fellowships from the Ohio State University as a composer in residence.
Howie Severino at a very young age already had his mind set on becoming a journalist. So when he was schooling, he was part of their school paper. He studied in Ateneo de Manila High School and graduated in 1979. He then went to Boston to pursue his studies at Tufts University in Medford, Massachussettes where he graduated magna cum laude in 1983 taking up Bachelor's Degree in History.
Stuart H. Singer is an American attorney, the managing partner of the Boies Schiller & Flexner law firm's Fort Lauderdale, Florida office. He specializes in complex business litigation and represents clients such as NASCAR, Carnival Cruise Lines, Florida Power & Light, and Tyco International. He was a law clerk for Justice Byron White of the United States Supreme Court from 1981 to 1983. He graduated in 1981 from Harvard Law School, where he served as Editor & President of the Harvard Law Review. He received his bachelor's degree in 1978 from Northwestern University, where he won the National Collegiate Debate Championship. He is listed in LawDragon's 500 Leading Lawyers in America. He is the co-author, with David W. Quinto, of Trade Secrets: Law & Practice (Oxford University Press, 2008).
Chai Ling fled from China in April 1990, with the help of Hong Kong-funded organizations. After 10 months of hiding, she settled in Paris, France, where she then accepted a full scholarship to Princeton University. She later received an honorary Masters degree in Political Science from Princeton University. After this, she served as a junior consultant at Bain & Co., a leading strategic consulting firm, during 1993--1996 in its Boston office. Then she moved on to acquire an MBA at Harvard Business School in 1998.
Johnnie L. Cochran, Jr. (``L'' is his full middle name) was born in Shreveport, Louisiana. His father, Johnnie Cochran, Sr., was an insurance salesman, and his mother sold Avon products. The family relocated to the West Coast and settled in Los Angeles in 1949. Cochran later graduated first in his class from Los Angeles High School in 1955. He went on to receive his Bachelor of Science degree in business administration from the University of California, Los Angeles in 1959 and his Juris Doctor at Loyola Marymount University School of Law (now Loyola Law School) in 1962. He was a member of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity.
Ajaz Akhtar (born 1 September 1968) is a Pakistani born English cricketer. Akhtar is a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium pace. He was born at Bahawalpur, Pakistan. Upon coming to the United Kingdom, he was educated at Deacon's School, Teeside Polytechnic, Hatfield Polytechnic and Durham University.
Gregor Widholm studied horn with Prof. Friedrich Gabler at the University of Music and Performing Arts, Vienna (at the time: Akademie für Musik in Wien), communication technology at the Vienna University of Technology (at the time: Technische Hochschule Wien) and in 1968--1970 completed a special course in sound technology.
Ilva Ligabue studied at the Milan Conservatory and at La Scuola di Canto alla Scala. After singing with success at most of the Italian opera houses, she won considerable acclaim in the lead role of Beatrice di Tenda at La Scala in 1961, followed by Margherita in Boito's Mefistofele.
Zena Tooze (born 3 May 1955) is a Canadian biologist and conservationist who has worked in Nigeria in the area of primate conservation since 1991. She received a master's degree in Biology from Dalhousie University, Halifax, Nova Scotia in 1987. In 2005 she received a Whitley Award for excellence in leadership in nature conservation.
Anwer Zahidi ()(born July 9, 1946) is a Pakistani Urdu author of more than twelve books of poetry, short stories, travelogue and translations. After completing his graduation in science from Punjab University, Anwer Zahidi received a degree of MBBS from Nishtar Medical College, Multan in 1970.
Cornelis Drebbel was born at Alkmaar, Holland. After some years at the Latin school in Alkmaar, around 1590, he attended the Academy in Haarlem, also located in North-Holland. Teachers at the Academy were Hendrick Goltzius, engraver, painter and humanist, Karel van Mander, painter, writer, humanist and Cornelis Corneliszoon of Haarlem. Drebbel became a skilled engraver.
Michael Zansky was born in 1947 in the Tremont section the Bronx, into the family of Louis Zansky, a noted comic book illustrator. After graduating from New York City's High School of Music and Art, Zansky entered Boston University, Boston, MA, where he graduated in 1969. While attending Boston University, he heard lectures by Philip Guston. At Hunter College in New York, Zansky studied with Robert Morris and John McCracken. Zansky left graduate school before completing his degree to pursue two parallel career tracks, one in fine art and the other in film where he has worked as a scenic artist and production designer with many well known directors such as Terry Gilliam, Francis Ford Coppola, Adrian Lynn, Joel Schumacher and Jonathan Demme.
Kylie Bisutti (born in Simi Valley, California) is an American model who won the 2009 ``Victoria's Secret Model Search'' competition, broadcast online through CBS and concluded during the December 1st airing of that year's Fashion Show. Placing first through fan voting over fellow contestant Jamie Lee Darley in the final round earned Bisutti, nineteen years old and a newlywed at the time of filming, the prize of walking in the annual show alongside Victoria's Secret Angels like Heidi Klum and Miranda Kerr. She is represented by IMG Models. Bisutti attended Green Valley High School in Henderson, Nevada..
Katrina Rose Dideriksen is an actress originally from North Carolina. She lived in Durham, North Carolina as a child, Dideriksen attended Durham School of the Arts in high school. She later studied at New York University Steinhardt School of Education before attending an open call for the musical Hairspray. After winning over the producers, Dideriksen was first sent to the Toronto Hairspray cast and then joined the touring company. Dideriksen originated the role of Tracy for The Luxor production of Hairspray in Las Vegas opposite Harvey Fierstein. She played Tracy until the Vegas show closed in June 2006. She has also starred in Hairspray in Pittsburgh and Houston. She performed as Shawntel and Eve in the Carnegie Hall performance of , in the GLSEN benefit performance of Zanna, Don't! as Roberta, in Stained at Ars Nova and in Bernice Bobs Her Mullet in the New York Musical Theatre Festival.
Dr. Panayiotis Zavos received his B.S. in Biology-Chemistry in 1970, his M.S. in Biology-Physiology in 1972 and Education Specialist in Science (Ed.S.) in 1976 from Emporia State University in Emporia, Kansas. He earned his Ph.D. in Reproductive Physiology, Biochemistry and Statistics in 1978 from the University of Minnesota in the Twin Cities, Minnesota. He received many awards among those the Distinguished Alumnus Award and the Graduate Teaching Award from Emporia State University and the Student Leadership Award from the University of Minnesota. He was recently awarded the Paul Harris Fellow Awardhttp://bnsunrise.rotary6490.org/paul_harris_fellowship.htm, given to ``an individual who contributes $1,000 or in whose name that amount is contributed.''
Haluk Kurosman (1 March 1975, Istanbul) is a successful Turkish music producer and co-founder (together with Hadi Elazzi) of GRGDN, a music production - management company and record label; producing, mixing and mastering the albums of successful young Turkish artists. Kurosman started to play the guitar at the age of 15 and had his own band, where he was also the frontman. By the age of 23 he decided to move ``backstage'' and work as a producer. He is a graduate of Deutsche Schule Istanbul and Marmara University in business administration. Later he went to Canada, where he attended Ontario Institute of Audio Recording Technology (OIART) and graduated in 1999 as ``perhaps the most brilliant student to attend OIART since its inception''. Thus the institute has founded the Kurosman Award to be given to the most talented students.
Lieutenant General Myint Swe (; ; born 24 May 1951) is an ethnic Mon military officer who is currently the Chief of Bureau of Special Operations - 5 (BSO-5) and Quartermaster General. He is the first ethnic Mon to be promoted to the rank of Lieutenant General. Myint Swe graduated from the Defence Services Academy in 1971 as part of the 15th intake. He is rumoured to be the next in line to replace Maung Aye. He is going to be a chief-minister of the Yangon region, due to the 'parliament' meetings.
Bill MacDermott is an American football coach. He played college football at Trinity College. After graduating from Trinity, he spent the next 50 years as a football coach at the college and professional levels. He was the head football coach at Wesleyan University from 1971 to 1986 and has also held coaching positions with Cal Poly San Luis Obispo, the Orlando Thunder, San Diego Chargers, Montreal Alouettes, Winnipeg Blue Bombers, Toronto Argonauts and Edmonton Eskimos.
The son of Niven Busch and his wife, Phyllis Cooper Busch, Briton--familiarily known as ``Tony'' Busch--attended Stanford University, where he earned his bachelor of arts degree in 1958. From Standord, he went on to the University of California, Berkeley, where he completed his master of arts degree in 1960 with a thesis on ``Muscat and Oman: Anglo-French conflict, 1894-1914' and his Ph.D. in 1965 with a dissertation on ''British policy in the Persian Gulf, 1894-1914. `` He married Deborah B. Stone on 16 August 1958, with whom he had two children. After their divorce in 1984, he married Jill Harsin in 1985.
Chris Murray grew up in Ottawa, Canada, where he attended Ashbury College, an independent day and boarding school located in Rockcliffe Park, Ottawa, Canada.
Rupert Christiansen (born 1954) is an English writer, journalist and critic, grandson of Arthur Christiansen (editor of the Daily Express) and son of Kay and Michael Christiansen (editor of the Sunday and Daily Mirror). Born in London, he was educated at Millfield and King's College, Cambridge, where he took a double first in English. As a Fulbright scholar, he also attended Columbia University from 1977 to 1978.
Adams Sherman Hill was an American educator born in Boston, Massachusetts in 1833. He graduated from Harvard College in 1853 and Harvard Law School in 1855 LL. D. 1903.
Kait Kerrigan is a playwright and a lyricist and composer of musicals. Originally from Kingston, Pennsylvania, she graduated from Wyoming Valley West Senior High School in Plymouth, Pennsylvania in 1999. Kait is a 2003 graduate of Barnard College with a degree in English Literature. She is the 2009 winner of the Edward Kleban Award as the most promising musical book writer in America.
Rafael Bracero (born approx. 1950) is a famous Puerto Rican sportscaster. Bracero graduated from the University of Puerto Rico at Mayagüez then known as Colegio de Artes Mecánicas (College of Arts and Mechanical Arts - CAAM in Spanish) with a degree in civil engineering, and then he joined Puerto Rico's Perez Perry Channel 11 to cover sports as their main reporter.
Sonck, who in 1612 lived in Amsterdam, studied law at Leiden University from October 1612 to March 1616. In 1618 Dr. Sonck was sent by the Dutch East Indies Company as ``advocaat-fiscaal'' (~ a district attorney) to Batavia, where he arrived in 1619. He subsequently became governor of the Banda Islands. In 1623 he was recalled to Batavia to account for the use of excessive amounts of ammunition at gun salutes (he was to pay for it out of his own pocket). On May 4, 1624 the governing body in Batavia decided to sent him to replace Cornelis Reijersen as commander of the Dutch fort and trading base on Peng-hu, the main island of the Pescadores west of Formosa. The Pescadores were Chinese territory, and after a failed accord, Nan Juyi the governor of Fujian sent an army to attack Peng-hu in July 1624. On August 25, after negotiations via Li Dan, head of the illegal traders on Taiwan, Sonck succumbed under the pressure and withdrew his contingent to Formosa, where he founded Fort Zeelandia near the town of Anping in Tainan. The Dutch monopolized the harbour, while Zheng Zhilong, or Nicolas Iquan (郑芝龙) became a privateer for the Dutch, attacking trade between China and Manila. This constituted the beginning of the colonial presence of the Dutch on Formosa. Martinus Sonck was governor of Dutch Formosa for only one year, as he drowned in Anping harbour in August 1625. He was buried at Fort Zeelandia.
Elizabeth Heyert (New York City, 1951) is an American photographer and author. She received her Masters Degree in photography and the history of photography from the Royal College of Art, London, where she studied with Bill Brandt. She is known for experimental portrait photography, most notably her trilogy The Sleepers (2003), The Travelers (2005), and The Narcissists (2008).
Brenda A. Ferber (born April 23, 1967) is an author of children's literature. She is an alumna of the University of Michigan. She won the Sydney Taylor Manuscript Award for her book Julia's Kitchen before it was published, and the Sydney Taylor Book Award following publication.
Alex Lissitsa was born on April 23, 1974 in the village Til`ne, Chernihiv Oblast, at the time in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union. He received his Master's Degree in economics from the National Agrarian University of Ukraine in 1996. He continued his education at Humboldt University of Berlin, where he earned a Ph.D. in agriculture. Furthermore, Dr. Alex Lissitsa undertook postdoctoral research at the School of Economics of the University of Queensland and at Iowa State University.
Ben Aronson was born in Boston and grew up in Sudbury, Massachusetts. From early childhood he was immersed in the creative environment of his parents and their friends among professional artists, art dealers, writers, musicians, composers, and actors. He interned at a Boston architectural firm while in high school and applied to architecture programs at Princeton and Yale. Ultimately deciding on fine art as his path of choice, he enrolled at the School of Fine Arts at Boston University. There he earned his BFA and MFA in painting (19761982) studying under Philip Guston, James Weeks, David Aronson, Reed Kay, and John Wilson.
Dr. John H.A.L. de Jong (born 22 June 1947, The Hague)graduated in General Linguistics, French and English languages from Leiden University and obtained a Ph.D. in Educational Measurement from Twente University. He has published numerous articles and books on language acquisition and assessment and on educational measurement. He is specialised in the empirical scaling of language proficiency and promotes the development of internationally standardised reporting scales of language proficiency. He was involved from the start in developing the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages.
Octavian Paler went on to study Philosophy and Law at the University of Bucharest.
Gudibande Poornima is a Kannada poet and novelist from India. Born in Shravanabelagola, Hassan District, Karnataka, Poornima holds a Masters degree in Kannada literature from Bangalore University. She was the president of the district Kannada Sahitya Parishat in 1982-3.
Florence Sender is an American entrepreneur. She has founded or served as a director of a number of companies. Sender taught at the MIT Sloan School of Management and co-founded its MIT Entrepreneurship Center.
Andrew Edlin was born in Manhattan, New York, September 18, 1961 and grew up in the Riverdale section of the Bronx. He graduated from the Horace Mann School in 1979, then continued his education at the University of Vermont where, in 1983, he received his B.A. in English. Edlin founded Andrew Edlin Gallery in 2001, specializing in self-taught/outsider artists.
Bruce Weigl (born January 27, 1949, Lorain, Ohio) is an American contemporary poet who teaches at Lorain County Community College. Weigl enlisted in the United States Army shortly after his 18th birthday and spent three years in the service. He served in the Vietnam War from December 1967 to December 1968 and received the Bronze Star. When he returned to the United States, Weigl obtained a bachelor's degree from Oberlin College, and a Master of Arts Degree in Writing/American and British Literature from the University of New Hampshire. From 1975-76, Weigl was an instructor at Lorain County Community College in Elyria, Ohio.
Bayntun was the son of Sir Henry Bayntun of Bromham, Wiltshire, and of his wife Lucy Danvers, a daughter of Sir John Danvers of Dauntsey, Wiltshire, and of the famous Elizabeth Neville. He was baptised at Bremhill on 5 September 1593. He matriculated at Christ Church, Oxford, on 27 April 1610, aged 17, and was knighted on 23 October 1613.
Goforth grew up on an Oxford County, Ontario farm, the seventh of eleven children. As a young man he taught school in Thamesford, Ontario. Hearing fellow-Oxford County native George Leslie Mackay, Presbyterian missionary to Taiwan, speak, he claimed to sense a call from God to go to China. He attended University of Toronto, and Knox College, where he graduated in 1887, and was awarded the Doctor of Divinity in 1915. During his training, Goforth met Rosalind Bell-Smith at the Toronto Union Mission. She had been born in London, England, and had grown up in Montreal. They married in 1887, in his final year at Knox, and eventually had eleven children, six of whom survived childhood.
Dorr Bothwell taught at the San Francisco Art Institute, the Mendocino Art Center, the Parsons School of Design in New York, the Ansel Adams Photography Workshops in Yosemite and the Victor School of Photography in Colorado.
McCormick was born July 30, 1880 in Chicago to a distinguished family, and known as ``Bertie'' to his family because he had so many relatives named Robert. His maternal grandfather was Tribune founder and former Chicago mayor Joseph Medill. On his father's side, his great-uncle was inventor and businessman Cyrus McCormick. His elder brother Joseph Medill McCormick (known as Medill McCormick) was slated to take over the family newspaper business but was more interested in running for political office. From 1889 through 1893, he lived a lonely childhood with his parents in London where his father Robert Sanderson McCormick was a staff secretary to Robert Todd Lincoln, and he attended Ludgrove School. On his return to the United States, he was sent to Groton School. In 1899, McCormick went to Yale College, where he was elected to the prestigious secret society Scroll and Key, graduating in 1903. He attended law school at Northwestern University and served as a clerk in a Chicago law firm, being admitted to the bar in 1907. The following year, he co-founded the law firm that became Kirkland & Ellis, which represented the Tribune Company. He was a partner until 1920. In 1910, he took control of the Chicago Tribune, becoming editor and publisher with his cousin, Captain Joseph Medill Patterson, in 1914, a position he held jointly until 1926 and by himself afterwards.
Born in Orme, Tennessee, Jimmy Outlaw was signed by the Cincinatti Reds in 1934 out of Auburn University, where he was a member of the Auburn Tigers baseball team. Basically a contact hitter, he lacked power but was a slick fielder at third base, having quick feet, good hands and a strong throwing arm.
Roger Tamraz (Arabic: روجيه تمرز) is an international banker and venture capital investor who has had an active business career in oil and gas in the Middle East, Europe, Asia and the United States since the early 1960s. Born in 1940 in Cairo, Egypt to Lebanese parents, Tamraz grew up speaking fluent English, French and Arabic. His early schooling was at the prestigious English School in Cairo. He subsequently attended the American University in Cairo, Cambridge University in a Ph.D. program, and the Institut Européen d’Administration (INSEAD) in Fontainebleau, France. He received an MBA in 1966 from Harvard Business School, where his classmates included many future leaders in Western and international governments and businesses.
The Eliot name was well known before Jared's birth. His grandfather, John Eliot of Roxbury, Massachusetts, was a missionary to the Massachusett and Wampanoag nations for 40 years, translating the Bible into the Natick language. Herbert Thomas, author of Jared Eliot, states that ``(John) Eliot went quite beyond religious doctrine in dealing with the Indians and taught them hygiene and better living''. John's actions in attempting to help the Indians gave the Eliot name social status in the New England theocracy. Jared's father, Joseph Eliot, was also a well-known figure in New England. He graduated from Harvard College in 1658, remaining in Guilford for the rest of his life as a minister at a nearby Congregational church. Joseph was also regarded as a ``clerical physician'', due to his interest in medicine.
Lisette Oropesa (born on September 29, 1983, in New Orleans) is an American soprano, who was raised in Baton Rouge, where she studied at Louisiana State University. Her parents are both emigrants from Cuba, and her mother, Rebeca Oropesa (née Ulloa), is a soprano who was heard in productions at Loyola University of the South (Sister Genevieve in Suor Angelica, and Venus in Venus and Adonis) and LSU (Lauretta in Gianni Schicchi), before she decided on raising a family.
He was born at Owlbury, Bishop's Castle, Shropshire. He calls himself a Cambrian, implying Welsh blood in his veins. He was educated by Bernard Gilpin at Houghton-le-Spring and at Magdalene College, Cambridge, where he matriculated in 1570. The foundation of his Hebrew learning was laid, in his first year at Cambridge, by his attendance on the lectures of the French scholar Antoine Rodolphe Chevallier.
John Hosier was born in the NW London suburb of Kingsbury, Middlesex. His father was Harry Hosier, the founder of the building firm Hosier and Dickenson, and his mother was Constance, a violinist. She overcame the problem of how he could play a musical instrument in childhood by having him learn the xylophone. He attended Fryent Primary School, Kingsbury, Preston Manor County Grammar School, now Preston Manor High School, Wembley and St John's College, Cambridge where he also served as a director of Footlights from 1950-1951.
Born in Blaketown, Trinity Bay, Newfoundland, Morgan was educated at Bishop Feild College and Memorial University College. Then he received a Bachelor's degree from Dalhousie University and was elected a Rhodes Scholar for 1938. He did not attend the University of Oxford until after the Second World War. From 1940 to 1942, he taught at King's College School in Windsor, Nova Scotia. In 1942, he enlisted in the Canadian Army and saw service in Europe as a platoon commander. He took a Master's degree in Classics at Dalhousie before taking up his Rhodes Scholarship. Returning from his studies at Oxford, he taught at Dalhousie from 1948 until 1950 when he joined Memorial University, initially as a teacher of Political science. He was president, pro tem from 1966 until 1967 and was appointed president in 1973.
He was born in Cockermouth in Cumbria, the son of John Fallows, a weaver, and his wife Rebecca. Due in some part to the dedication of his father and the generosity of the townspeople, the scholarly Fearon was given the funds to attend St John's College, Cambridge, where he studied mathematics, coming third in his year when he graduated in 1813. He obtained his Master of Arts in 1816 and went on to teach mathematics at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge. He also became a Fellow of St John's College, Cambridge and an ordained priest in the Church of England. On 29 February 1820 he was elected a fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society and on 8 June 1820 he was granted a fellowship of the Royal Society. One of his proposers for his fellowship to the Royal Society was John Herschel (son of William Herschel) whom he met at St John's College, Cambridge. Later in that year he was appointed by the Admiralty to be the astronomer at the Cape of Good Hope, which would involve overseeing the building of an observatory in what was then a British colony. Before travelling to South Africa, he married Mary Anne Hervey, on 1 January 1821. Between 1821 and 1829 he worked to site, plan and develop the observatory, which was the first astronomical observatory in the southern hemisphere. He also served the Church of England in his time there. He, and all the observatory staff, caught scarlet fever in 1830 and, still Director of the observatory, he died of scarlet fever in Simon's Town, South Africa in 1831 at the age of forty-three.
After demobilization in 1946 Piotr Nazarov comes to Leningrad and entered at Tavricheskaya Art School, where he graduated in 1950.
William Ewart (1 May 1798 -- 23 January 1869) was a British politician, born in Liverpool on 1 May 1798. He was educated at Eton and Christ Church, Oxford, gaining the Newdigate prize for English verse. He was called to the bar at the Middle Temple in 1827, and the next year entered Parliament for the borough of Bletchingley in Surrey, serving until 1830. He subsequently sat for Liverpool from 1830 to 1837, for Wigan from 1839 to 1841, and for Dumfries Burghs from 1841 until his retirement from public life in 1868. He died at Broadleas, near Devizes, on 23 January 1869.
Theresa Geller is a professor at Grinnell College. Her courses focus on cinema studies, literary and film theory, and gender studies. Her research interests include film history and aesthetics, popular media, queer theory, cultural studies, and postmodernism. She has published in the journals Senses of Cinema, Rhizomes, and Biography, and has chapters in such scholarly anthologies as Gender After Lyotard and East Asian Cinemas: Exploring Transnational Connections on Film. Her current project examines the subversive possibilities of contemporary genre film and television. Geller earned her B.A. in English and Women's Studies at the University of California at Santa Cruz and her M.A. in English from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. She is also certified in Cinema Studies, Gender and Women's Studies, and Criticism and Interpretive Theory. She received her Ph.D. from Rutgers University.
Roland Heinrich Scholl was born born on 30 September 1865 in Zurich, Switzerland, the son of a Badensian merchant. After primary education by a private teacher and secondary education at a Gymnasium in Zurich, he studied chemistry and physics at the University of Würzburg in 1883. One of his teachers there was Johannes Wislicenus, his mother's brother. After military service in a Bavarian regiment, he continued his studies in 1885 at the Eidgenössisches Polytechnikum in Zurich. In 1890 he received a Dr. phil. degree from the University of Basel.
While still based at Hartford, Buchman spent much of his time travelling and forming groups of Christian students at Princeton University and Yale University, as well as Oxford. Sam Shoemaker, a Princeton graduate and one-time Secretary of the Philadelphian Society who had met Buchman in China, became one of his leading American disciples. In 1922, after a prolonged spell with students in Cambridge, Buchman resigned his position at Hartford, and thereafter relied on gifts from patrons such as Margaret Tjader.
Fritz Dreisbach was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He attended Hiram College in Hiram, Ohio, where he was awarded a Bachelor of Art in 1962; Oberlin College in Oberlin, Ohio, where he received a Master of Art in Teaching. in 1963 and the University of Iowa, where he received a Master of Art in 1965. He received a Master of Fine Art in 1967 from the University of Wisconsin, where he was an assistant to Harvey Littleton.
Alan I. Bigel has been teaching at the University of Wisconsin-- La Crosse since 1984. He is a native of Brooklyn, New York. He received his B.A. from Brooklyn College in New York City in 1976 and his M.A. as well as his Ph.D. from The New School for Social Research in New York City. Courses presently taught include eight separate Constitutional Law classes and general introduction to Political Science. Publications include books and law review articles on the United States Supreme Court and its Justices. He has stated his favorite current Supreme Court Justice is Clarence Thomas. He is an ardent supporter of the libertarian philosophy and originalism. Dr. Bigel is regularly rated as one of the top professors by his students at the University based on student evaluations. Dr. Bigel enjoys state-of-the-art IBM typewriters, collecting doorknobs, and enlightening mankind.
Michael Lynton (born January 1, 1960) is an American businessman who has led several media related companies including Time Warner, The Walt Disney Company's Hollywood Pictures and Pearson's Penguin Group. Since January 2004, he has been Chairman and CEO of Sony Pictures Entertainment and has served on many Boards of Directors including JAMDAT Mobile. Lynton is trilingual in French, English, and Dutch. He attended the American School of The Hague, Phillips Exeter Academy, Harvard College, and Harvard Business School.
Tom Tribone received his Bachelor of Science (B.S.) in Chemical Engineering from Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland, Ohio, and both his MBA and Juris Doctor (J.D.) from Duquesne University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Singh married Gursharan Kaur in 1958. They have three daughters, Upinder Singh, Daman Singh and Amrit Singh. Upinder Singh is a professor of history at Delhi University. She has written six books, including Ancient Delhi (1999) and A History of Ancient and Early Medieval India (2008). Daman Singh is a graduate of St. Stephen's College, Delhi and Institute of Rural Management, Anand, Gujarat, and author of The Last Frontier: People and Forests in Mizoram and a novel Nine by Nine. Amrit Singh is a staff attorney at the American Civil Liberties Union.
Since her husband became Prime Minister in 2004, she has accompanied him abroad on state visits. However, the family has largely stayed out of the limelight. Their three daughters - Upinder, Daman and Amrit, have successful, non-political, careers. Upinder Singh is a professor of history at Delhi University. She has written six books, including Ancient Delhi (1999) and A History of Ancient and Early Medieval India (2008). Daman Singh is a graduate of St. Stephen's College, Delhi and Institute of Rural Management, Anand, Gujarat, and author of The Last Frontier: People and Forests in Mizoram and a novel Nine by Nine. Amrit Singh is a staff attorney at the ACLU.
J. Burrwood Daly was born in Philadelphia, PA. He graduated from La Salle College High School in Philadelphia in 1890 and from the University of Pennsylvania at Philadelphia in 1896. He served as assistant city solicitor from 1914 to 1922. He was a member of the faculty of La Salle College from 1923 to 1930.
Nancy Beiman is a director, character designer, teacher, and animator. She is recognized as the second woman to be credited on a Disney film (although there were many women before her work on Disney film). She has taught animation at Savannah College of Art and Design, and taught at Rochester Institute of Technology, School of Film & Animation until 2008. She now teaches at Sheridan Institute's Animation department in Canada.
There are a large number of people with connections to the town who have made themselves important in one sphere or another. Men such as William Harvey and his father Thomas Harvey Mayor in 1600 a.d. here, discoverer of the circulation of the blood; and Samuel Plimsoll who invented the line named after him for ship safety. There have been many actors and actresses, some starting their careers at Arthur Brough's Folkestone Repertory Company including Robert Arnold; comedians including Michael Bentine; and a large number of artists in various fields. Wilkie Collins, Radclyffe Hall and A.E. Coppard were all writers; and there have also been musicians: Noel Redding among them. Sam Pepper was in the UK reality TV show Big Brother, he was educated at Pent Valley Technology College. Sport is well represented: numbers of cricketers and football players have Folkestone connections. King Edward VII and his mistress Alice Keppel (great-grandmother of Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall) regularly enjoyed the luxury (and discretion) of the Grand Hotel on The Leas. Eamon Everall, Artist/Educator and founder member of the Stuckism, art movement attended the Harvey Grammar school and Folkestone School of Art and still maintains a base here. He is currently working on a series of twenty portraits of artists associated with Stuckism including one of Billy Childish, he plans to exhibit them in the town at the end of the current year. June Brown (wife of Robert Arnold) still has two homes in the town. Professional wrestler Big B Mac was born and educated in Folkestone before moving to the USA to embark on his wrestling career. Ross Godfrey and Paul Godfrey, brothers from Folkestone, are main members of the UK music group, Morcheeba. Jimmy Hill, presenter of Match of the Day, was stationed at Folkestone Garrison during World War II, during which time he entertained troops.
Born simply William Thomas Davies, in Mountain Ash (Welsh, ``Aberpennar''), the son of a miner, he took the name ``Pennar'' ``as a sign of his identification with the native culture of Wales''. Pennar Davies studied at University of Wales, Cardiff, at Balliol and Mansfield College, Oxford, and at Yale University. In 1943 he became a Congregational minister in Cardiff. He subsequently taught at Bala-Bangor Theological College, and became Principal of Swansea Memorial College in 1952, retaining the post until his retirement in 1981.
Edward J. Normand is a prominent lawyer known for representing Lloyd's of London in the dispute over the extent that its insurance covered the September 11th attacks on the World Trade Center. He grew up in Windham, New Hampshire and attended the Pinkerton Academy in Derry. In 1992, Normand graduated from the College of William and Mary magna cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa. He then clerked for Marjorie O. Rendell on the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania and Joseph M. McLaughlin on the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. In 1995, he received a J.D. from the University of Pennsylvania Law School, where he served as editor-in-chief of the University of Pennsylvania Law Review. He served as assistant to the Special Master to the United States Supreme Court for the controversy regarding the state sovereignty of Ellis Island. He is currently a partner at the law firm Boies, Schiller & Flexner.
Robert DeMott was born in New Canaan, Connecticut, in 1943, the only child of James and Colletta DeMott. Until the age of eight, he lived with his parents on the estate of well known political artist and fine-art illuminator Arthur Szyk, who published The New Order (1941) and Ink & Blood (1946) and illustrated numerous Biblical and literary texts, as well as the 1948 Declaration of the Establishment of the State of Israel. In 1951, DeMott's family moved to Norwalk, CT, where he attended and then graduated from Norwalk High School in 1961. He was educated at Assumption College, John Carroll University, and Kent State University, where he earned his B.A. (1965), M.A. (1967), and Ph.D. (1969), respectively. His doctoral dissertation, The Eccentric Orbit: Dimensions of the Creative Process in Thoreau's Major Writings, was directed by Howard P. Vincent.
William Hughes is Professor of Gothic Studies at Bath Spa University, England: he has specialised in the study of Bram Stoker. He was educated at the Liverpool Collegiate School Liverpool Collegiate Institution and the University of East Anglia Norwich, and also holds a PGCE from Christ Church, Canterbury. He has presented radio programmes for the BBC World Service and BBC Radio 4, and has also appeared on live television through Living TV's Most Haunted Live! , most recently during the 2009 broadcast from St George's Hall, Liverpool.
Ernie Krueger graduated from Lake Forest College in 1915. During his playing career at Lake Forest College Krueger resided in the famed 80 Washington Circle, which to this day houses some of LFC's greatest athletes. He helped the Giants win the 1917 National League Pennant and the Robins win the 1920 NL Pennant.
Edd China (born Edward John China 9 May 1971) is a motor specialist who has been featured in British TV shows including Wheeler Dealers and Auto Trader, both alongside television presenter Mike Brewer. China has also appeared on various radio shows. He was educated at King Edward's School, Witley, and holds a degree in Engineering Product Design from London South Bank University. During one episode of 'Wheeler Dealers' (Season 7, Episode 9: BMW M3 Convertible), Mike Brewer stated that China is 6' 7`` tall.
Porter attended Portobello High School. She studied a BTEC HND in Media Production at West Herts College. After making an unsuccessful bid to join the presentation team of the BBC children's show Blue Peter, Porter has tended to present family-friendly television programmes, or ones aimed directly at children. This includes The Movie Chart Show, Top of the Pops, and Live & Kicking, work for CITV, and other programmes such as The Big Breakfast and Gail Porter's Big 90s for VH1.
Miguel Roman was born in San Juan, Puerto Rico. After he graduated from CROEM high school, he attended the University of Puerto Rico, Mayagüez Campus and, in 2004, earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering.
Born into a mixed Jewish-Catholic family in London, Cohn was educated at Gresham's School and Christ Church, Oxford. He was a scholar and research student at Christ Church between 1933 and 1939, taking a first-class degree in Modern Languages in 1936. He served for six years in the British Army, being commissioned into the Queen's Royal Regiment in 1939 and transferring to the Intelligence Corps in 1944, where his knowledge of modern languages found employment. In 1941 he married Vera Broido, with whom he had a son, the writer Nik Cohn. In the immediate post-war period, he was stationed in Vienna, ostensibly to interrogate Nazis, but he also encountered many refugees from Stalinism, and the similarities in persecutorial obsessions evinced both by Nazism and Stalinism fueled his interest in the historical background for these ideologically opposed, yet functionally similar movements. After his discharge, he taught successively in universities in Scotland, Ireland, England, the United States and Canada.
John Kenny (1957-) is a British trombonist, actor, composer and multi-faceted performer of contemporary solo repertoire, modern jazz and early music. As a composer, he has received commissions from the London Contemporary Dance Theatre, Huddersfield Contemporary Music Festival, and in 1989 was Strathclyde Composer in Residence to the Scottish Chamber Orchestra.
It was at Toho that he met Natto Wada. Wada was a translator for Toho. They agreed to marry sometime after Ichikawa completed his first film as director. Natto Wada's original name was Yumiko Mogi (born 13 September 1920 in Himeji, Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan); the couple both had failed marriages behind them. She graduated with a degree in English Literature from Tokyo Woman's Christian University. She married Kon Ichikawa on April 10, 1948, and died on February 18, 1983 of breast cancer. During the rest of her life she wrote the scripts of many of her husband's films.
Mark V. Holmes (born New York, 1960) is a judge of the United States Tax Court. He earned a B.A. from Harvard College in 1979 and his J.D. from the University of Chicago Law School in 1983. He was appointed by President George W. Bush as Judge, United States Tax Court, on June 30, 2003, for a term ending June 29, 2018.
Downes was born in Handsworth, Birmingham. In 1969, he won a choral scholarship to St. John's College, Cambridge, where he gained an MA degree specializing in composition, and in 1974 went on to study with Herbert Howells at the Royal College of Music. Downes was Head of the School of Composition and Creative Studies at Birmingham Conservatoire from 1992 until 2005, when he retired due to ill health. Andrew Downes' music has been performed throughout the world, in many leading concert halls and cathedrals, and has been broadcast on BBC Radios 2, 3 & 4, BBC TV, ''France Musique``, Italian TV, Austrian Radio, Dutch Radio, Czech Radio and Central Peking Radio. 17 CDs have been made of his music.
Vittorio Merloni has a degree in economics and commerce (from the University of Perugia). He is married to Franca Carloni and has four children: Maria Paola, Andrea, Antonella and Aristide.
Kamyar Abdi is an Iranian archaeologist. He received his M.A. in Near Eastern Languages and Civilizations, at University of Chicago (1997) and his Ph.D. from University of Michigan in Anthropology (2002). He has been an Assistant Professor in the Department of Anthropology, Dartmouth College since 2002. His research interests include sedentism, food production (agriculture and pastoralism), urbanism, state formation, and writing in ancient Near East, especially Iran.
Sadullah Ergin is a Turkish politician born July 6, 1964 in Antakya. He completed his primary and secondary education there, then studied at the Uludağ University Economics and Social Sciences Faculty for 1 year. He continued his studies at the Ankara University Faculty of Law, graduating in 1987.
Carl served in the Michigan House of Representatives from 1984 to 1986 and in the Michigan State Senate from 1986 until his death. Ronald Reagan attended a campaign rally at Macomb Community College in 1988 in which he urged people to vote for Carl.
Jesse Merz (born November 15, 1973 in Hood River, Oregon) is an American actor, director, producer, writer, and professor. As an actor, he has appeared off-Broadway, in regional theatre, summer stock, feature films, in radio and in 120 cities in 34 states nationwide. He has directed more than 50 theatrical productions, which have included directing Tony winner Daisy Eagan in the new musical Suburban Dreams. He is the artistic director of the Columbia Gorge School of Theatre and former artistic director of Longview Stageworks He is a member of the Actors' Equity Association, the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists, the Dramatists Guild, the Stage Directors and Choreographers Society, and the Voice and Speech Trainers Association. He received a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in acting from the Tisch School of the Arts at New York University, where he studied at the Atlantic Theater Company and the Meisner Extension. He later received a Master of Arts degree in teaching with a drama endorsement from George Fox University. He also received a Master of Fine Arts degree in acting from University of California, Davis. Currently, he is an Assistant Professor of Acting at Wayne State University.
Daniel Sollinger was born and raised in Cumberland, Maryland, USA until moving to Greenville, South Carolina where he studied filmmaking in high school at The Fine Arts Center. With a newfound passion for filmmaking, Sollinger decided to deepen his education by attending the prestigious Tisch School of the Arts at New York University. Sollinger began his career as a producer in New York city upon graduation in 1993.
Filippo Costaggini (1839--1904) was an artist from Rome, Italy, who worked in the United States Capitol. He and Constantino Brumidi both trained at the Accademia di San Luca in Rome, and he came to the United States in 1870. In addition to working in the United States Capitol, Costaggini was well known for decorating churches. He decorated the parlor ceiling and walls of the Billmeyer House in York, Pennsylvania. He is known mainly for his work on the frieze in the United States Capitol Rotunda.
Born in Cherokee, North Carolina, Moody got his start in the late 1938 in the string band J. E. Mainer's Mountaineers. In September 1940 he joined Bill Monroe's Blue Grass Boys on the Grand Ole Opry. He appeared on Monroe's first solo recording session for RCA Victor's Bluebird label on October 7th of that year, playing guitar and singing lead vocals and bass on the Blue Grass Quartet's first recording (``Cryin' Holy Unto My Lord''). He was featured on that session singing ``Six White Horses'', a blues-based original. He also has the rare distinction of having played mandolin on a Blue Grass Boys session, as he provided the rhythm chops on ``Mule Skinner Blues'' and ``Dog House Blues'', while Monroe played guitar - the only instance where a Blue Grass Boy other than Monroe played mandolin at a Bill Monroe recording session. Upon his departure from the Blue Grass Boys in 1944, he remained at WSM and the Opry for several years as a solo artist. In 1952, he recorded as a member of the Brown's Ferry Four with The Delmore Brothers on King Records. He later played at the first Bluegrass Festival at Fincastle, Virginia, in 1965.
He attended Williams College in Williamstown, Massachusetts, and majored in Art and Philosophy. He worked as an artist after graduating, married Mia Galison, President of eeBoo Corp, and had three children, Eyck, Elodie, and Finn. Soon after their last children were born, Saxton Freymann partnered with Joost Elffers to write Play With Your Food, which was published by Elffers.
Stan Kenton was born in Wichita, Kansas, and raised first in Colorado, then in California. He learned piano as a child, and while still a teenager toured with various bands. He attended Bell High School, in Bell, California, where he graduated in 1930. In June 1941 he formed his own band, which developed into one of the best-known West Coast ensembles of the 1940s. In the mid-1940s, Kenton's band and style became known as ``The Wall of Sound'', a tag later used by Phil Spector.
Bo I. Andersson was born in Falkenberg, Sweden on October 16, 1955. He grew up in the south of Sweden and entered the Swedish Armed Forces at the age of 19. He graduated from the Military Academy in Sweden. His last position in the Swedish armed forces was as a Major. He holds a bachelor's degree in business administration from Stockholm University and completed the senior management program at Harvard University in 1999.
Shauna Glenn was born in Fort Worth, Texas, and still resides there today. She attended Boswell High School and graduated in 1988. She spent three years at Baylor University, before returning to Fort Worth to work in the family business. Glenn started writing her first book in 2002. In 2006, Glenn began writing a freelance column for Fort Worth, Texas: The City's Magazine. She still currently writes that column (``Parental Guidance Suggested''). Glenn may be best known for her blog, ``Is It 5 o'clock Yet?'' It is read by more than 1,000 people daily.
Carty-Yeah was born Bryan Barbee on August 25, 1982 to Sherri (a former singer for Rare Essence) and Anthony in Durham, North Carolina. At a young age, Carty-Yeah moved to around between North Carolina, New York, D.C. and Maryland. After attending many schools, Carty finally graduated from Largo High School in Prince George's County, MD.
Robert Comrie Turner (6 June 1920, Montreal) is a Canadian composer, radio producer, and music educator. He graduated with a bachelors degree in music from McGill University in 1943. While there he studied with Douglas Clarke and Claude Champagne. He continued his studies briefly at Colorado College in 1947, where he met his wife, percussionist Sara Scott. They married in 1949. In 1947, Turner transferred to Peabody College in Nashville, Tenn, where he studied with Roy Harris. He graduated in 1950 with a Masters degree. During this time, Turner spent two summers studying with Herbert Howells and Gordon Jacob at the Royal College of Music and one summer at the Berkshire Music Center at Tanglewood studying with Olivier Messiaen. He returned to McGill University in 1951, graduating with a doctorate two years later.
A native of Boston, MA, Mo Beasley graduated from Howard University (BA in Theater Arts) and currently lives in Brooklyn, New York. He is a Teaching Artist at the Brooklyn Academy of Music.
Tracey Hoyt is a Canadian voice actress and alumna of York University and the Second City National Touring Company (Toronto), possessing a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Theater Performance. She played the first North American voice of Rini in the Sailor Moon R series and movies. Hoyt played the voice of Me Bear in 2005's The Care Bears' Big Wish Movie. Currently, she appears as Ms. Deeds in Delilah & Julius (Family Channel Canada) and as Guinivere in Bob and Margaret. (YTV Canada). Tracey is a double Gemini nominee for her work on CBC TV's comedy series The Tournament. She has voiced hundreds of radio and TV commercials. She was born in Chatham-Kent, Ontario.
Robert Fanning was born in Geneva, Switzerland in 1970. He spent part of his childhood in Surrey, England. In 1979, his family returned to the United States, and lived in the Detroit area. Fanning is a graduate of the University of Michigan where he received a BA in English in 1993 and Sarah Lawrence College, where he earned an MFA in Poetry in 1997. Following graduate school he worked as a Technical Writer in Mt. Laurel, New Jersey, before returning to Detroit, where he worked as a journalist for Citysearch, a teacher, and as a writer-in-residence and the Managing Director for InsideOut Literary Arts Project from 2001-2008.
Garland was born in London, England, the son of psychoanalyst Caroline (née Medawar) and political cartoonist Nicholas Garland. His maternal grandparents were zoologist Peter Medawar and author Jean Medawar. Garland attended the independent University College School, in Hampstead, London, and the University of Manchester, where he studied art history.
Mike Archer (born July 26, 1953) is an American football coach and former player. He is currently the defensive coordinator at North Carolina State University. From 1987 to 1990, Archer was the head football coach at Louisiana State University, where he compiled a record of 27--18--1. Archer has also served as an assistant coach at his alma mater, University of Miami, the University of Virginia, and the University of Kentucky, and with the Pittsburgh Steelers of the NFL
Daniel Fuller is a graduate of the University of California at Berkeley and Fuller Theological Seminary. He holds the doctor of theology degrees from Northern Baptist Seminary and from the University of Basel in Switzerland.
He was born in Cambridge, and named after Rupert Brooke, who was a friend of his parents, but preferred to use his second name. He was educated at Stowe School and Trinity College, Cambridge. As an undergraduate, reading history, he joined the Communist Party of Great Britain. He was two or three years younger than the group of Trinity College communists including Guy Burgess, Donald Maclean, Kim Philby and James Klugmann.
She is notable for her artworks which make use of her experiences of synesthesia and for her work in making the knowledge of synesthesia available to people. Steen experiences colors while viewing letters and numbers (grapheme-color synesthesia), music (timbre-color synesthesia), and (touch-color synesthesia) in response to acupuncture and pain. She has shared her synesthetic experiences on the first website on synesthesia created by Karen Chenausky, Adam Rosen and Carol Steen in 1996 at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. She studied art at Cranbrook Academy of Art where she gained her Master of Fine Arts. She has taught at the University of Michigan, and at William Paterson University. She currently teaches at Touro College, New York.
Erik Routley (31 October 1917--8 October 1982) was an English Congregational minister, composer and musicologist. He was educated at Lancing College and Magdalen and Mansfield Colleges in Oxford. He was chaplain of Mansfield from 1948 to 1959 and then held appointments as minister in Edinburgh and Newcastle before becoming Professor of Church Music at Westminster Choir College, Princeton, New Jersey in 1975.
With his wife, Eric Carle founded The Eric Carle Museum of Picture Book Art, a museum devoted to the art of children's books in Amherst located adjacent to Hampshire College as part of the Hampshire College Cultural Village. The Museum has welcomed over 325,000 visitors since it opened its doors in 2002. Carle received an honorary doctorate from Bates College in 2007. Google paid tribute to Carle and his book The Very Hungry Caterpillar by asking him to design their logo ``Google doodle'', on their home page on March 20, 2009, celebrating the first day of spring. (Carle also designed ``Google doodle'' for fall theme for the use in Southern Hemisphere.)
Ed Lesher was born in Detroit, Michigan. A self-described ``airport bum'', he took his first ride in an airplane at age 13, shortly after Charles Lindbergh's landmark flight across the Atlantic Ocean. Growing up in Columbus, Ohio, he was forced to delay college entrance due to the Great Depression. He eventually entered Ohio State University, where he earned a degree in mathematics. He remained at OSU, doing graduate studies of mathematics and physics. Transferring to the University of Michigan, he earned a master's degree in aeronautical engineering in 1940.
With the exception of five years spent in Wigan, Peter Robinson grew up in Liverpool. He graduated from the University of York in 1974. In the 1970s he edited the poetry magazine ''Perfect Bound''. He helped organize several international Cambridge Poetry Festivals between 1977 and 1985, and was festival coordinator in 1979. He was awarded a doctorate from the University of Cambridge in 1981 for a thesis on the poetry of Donald Davie, Roy Fisher and Charles Tomlinson. Among the most decisive events for his creative life, a sexual assault in Italy on his girlfriend in 1975 -- which he witnessed at gunpoint -- formed the material for some of the poems in This Other Life (1988) and provided the plot outline for an as yet unpublished novel called September in the Rain.
Boone was born in Los Angeles, California, the middle child of Cecile (née Beckerman) and Kirk E. Boone, a well-to-do corporate lawyer. He was descended from Squire Boone, younger brother of frontiersman Daniel Boone. Richard's nephew is actor Randy Boone (born 1942); his cousin is actor-singer Pat Boone; his first cousin once removed is actress-singer Debby Boone (Pat's daughter). Boone graduated from Hoover High School in Glendale, California. He attended Stanford University in Palo Alto, California, but left prior to graduation and tried his hand at oil-rigging, bartending, painting and writing before joining the United States Navy in 1941. He served on three ships in the Pacific during World War II, seeing combat as an aviation ordnanceman and gunner on TBM Avenger torpedo bombers.
Akram Khan was born to Chaudhri Mohammed Aslam Khan, a renowned politician, in the village of Khizri in the Yamunanagar district of Haryana, India. His grandfather Chaudhri Abdul Rashid Khan was also an eminent Gujjar leader of northern Haryana. He is an alumnus of Colonel Brown Cambridge School, Dehradun. He did his B.A. at Panjab University, Chandigarh.
He was the son of Sir William Henry Perkin who had founded the aniline dye industry, and was born at Sudbury, England, close to his father's dyeworks at Greenford. His brother was William Henry Perkin, Jr.. He was educated at the City of London School (1872--1878).
Rafe Champion (born July 1945) is an Australian writer. He was born in the Australian state of Tasmania, and grew up on a farm in the northern part of that state, near Irishtown. He studied agricultural science at the University of Tasmania in Hobart, then went to the University of Adelaide for postgraduate study before moving to Sydney.
Calvin Murray (born July 30, 1971 in Dallas, Texas), is a retired professional baseball player who played outfield in the Major Leagues from 1999-2004 for the San Francisco Giants, Texas Rangers, and Chicago Cubs. He is a 1989 graduate of Dallas' W. T. White High School and attended the University of Texas. His career was highlighted in 2001 when he was the batter facing Randy Johnson when Johnson hit a pigeon with a fastball in a spring training game.
William Armstrong started out at 14 painting signs for butcher shops, in Newark. Armstrong studied at the Newark School of Fine and Industrial Arts. He went on to become one of the world's leading scenic artists, creating dozens of major movie sets.
In his early life, Engin Noyan attended the prestigious Özel Alman Lisesi (Deutsche Schule Istanbul) followed by Vienna University, where he studied Philosophy and Theater. On his return to Turkey, he worked for the Istanbul Municipal City Theater as director and writer.
Candace Bailey was born in Birmingham, Alabama. She is a graduate of Gulf Breeze High School near Pensacola, Florida, and attended Marymount Manhattan College in New York City. She is also a former Junior Olympic gymnast.
Howard Hughes went on trial at Chester Crown Court on 24 June 1996, charged with abduction, rape and murder.
Frances Bemis (Fulton County, Georgia June 25, 1898 - November 3, 1974 St. Augustine, Florida) was a public relations specialist specializing in department store promotions, a newspaper writer, radio producer, and a fashion director. She attended college at Oglethorpe University and the University of California. After graduating college she returned to Georgia and wrote columns for both the Atlanta Constitution and Atlanta Journal, at the same time she began her public relations career by handling publicity for the Woman's Club of Atlanta.
Daniel Bennett was born in Rochester, New York. He first picked up the saxophone at the age of 10 and began playing professionally in 1998. At that time Bennett was an undergraduate music student at Roberts Wesleyan College. Daniel Bennett worked with Rochester jazz artists like bassist Ike Sturm, pianist Joe Santora, Sean Jefferson, and drummer Ted Poor. In 1999, Daniel Bennett was introduced to the music of Steve Reich and Philip Glass. He began to write music for larger ensembles that infused jazz and minimalism. This led to collaborations with new music artists in Rochester, as well performances at major Rochester venues like Six Flags Darien Lake, the Rochester Lilac Fest, Shewan Hall, and the George Eastman House.
Overbury was the son of Sir Nicholas Overbury of Bourton-on-Hill, Gloucestershire and his wife Mary Palmer. His father was Chief Justice of the Great Sessions for Carmarthenshire, Cardiganshire, and Pembrokeshire in 1610, and Recorder of Gloucester from 1603 to 1626. Overbury matriculated at Magdalen College, Oxford on 16 June 1610, aged 18 and was awarded BA on 21 February 1612. He was called to the Bar at the Middle Temple in 1617. In 1621, he was elected Member of Parliament for Cardigan. He was elected MP for Cardigan again in 1626. In 1628 he was Registrar of Assurances in the City of london.
John Cobbett is a sculptor born in Edinburgh in 1929. He was educated at Charterhouse School, then Bournemouth Municipal College, before moving to the Royal Academy Schools. He created three works for Sir Edward Maufe's Guildford Cathedral; the ``Madonna and Child'' and ``St Francis'' statues inside the cathedral, and the work ``Faith''. The latter was a gift to the Cathedral from the Women's Royal Army Corps.
was a London bookseller who made the acquaintance of the Wesley brothers during their Oxford schooling. While sending John Wesley off on his Georgian mission, Hutton was transformed by the experience he had on board Simond with the Moravian Brethren. Hutton recorded the date in his memoirs as Tuesday, 14 October 1735O.S.. So moved was he by this experience with them that he formed a society which met weekly in his home to pray. They concluded each meeting with a reading of the latest Wesley correspondence describing the ongoing mission with the Moravian Brethren. In this way they practiced until John Wesley's return to England in 1738. It was during this period that another young Moravian missionary, Peter Boehler, enroute to America, was invited to one of these meetings at Fetter Lane. He had studied at the University of Jena and had been ordained by Count Zinzendorf. Peter's inspiring presence transformed Hutton's Society into ``The Great Meeting House'' which became the ``First Religious Society in Fetter Lane, London.'' This 1738 event could be described as planting the seed of the Moravian Church in England. This gathering, or ``Vestry Society,'' rightly considered themselves as part of the Church of England, and at times included members of the Holy Club. Peter Boehler established the rules he had learned under Zinzendorf, James Hutton presided, and Philip Henry Molther ministered. This society was repeatedly slandered for their ``non-traditional'' approach to Christianity. In response to the church doors being closed to their preaching, they shared the word in fields and on street corners to those who would listen.
Oktay Mahmuti (born 6 March 1968 Skopje, Republic of Macedonia) is a Turkish professional basketball coach. Mahmuti was born to Turkish parents living in Skopje. Mahmuti graduated from Istanbul University Faculty of Pharmacy. He is currently coaching the Turkish pro side Galatasaray.
Happy Cactus was a band formed by Colin Meloy while he attended Helena High School. Other members of Happy Cactus included David Casey, Deidre Casey, and Mark Schummer.
Harvey Kaye was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to working class parents. His father was an upholsterer, and his mother, a homemaker. At age 9, he began studying classical clarinet and continued to age 17. Kaye attended Central High School an all male academic city school. As rock and roll became popular in 1957, he switched to saxophone and formed a band. Kaye performed with many recording stars, including Mel Torme, Wayne Newton, Lionel Hampton, Fats Domino, Maynard Ferguson, Bill Haley & the Comets and The Isley Brothers. He later attended Temple University using the proceeds from his musical performances for tuition.
Michael Stal (born 1963 in Munich) is German computer scientist. He received a Ph.D title from the University of Groningen which appointed him an Honorary Professorship for Software Engineering in 2010 . Stal is currently working for the Corporate Technology department of Siemens AG and as a professor at University of Groningen. He is editor-in-chief of the Java programming language magazine JavaSPEKTRUM .
Opal Palmer Adisa (born 1954) is a Jamaica-born writer, artist and teacher. Since 1993, Opal Palmer Adisa has taught literature and served as Chair of the Ethnic Studies/Cultural Diversity Program at the California College of Arts and Crafts in Oakland. Dr. Adisa has two masters degrees from San Francisco State University, and a Ph.D. from the University of California at Berkeley. She has previously taught undergraduate and graduate courses at California College of the Arts, Stanford University, University of Berkley, and San Francisco State University. In November, 2009 she became a member of the teaching staff at the University of the Virgin Islands (UVI), St. Croix Campus. She has joined the UVI faculty as a part-time instructor, and has also been appointed the new editor of The Caribbean Writer, UVI's famous anthology of Caribbean literature.
Nathaniel Langdon Frothingham was born on July 23, 1793, in Boston, Massachusetts. He attended Boston Latin School under the charge of Samuel Hunt. He graduated from Harvard College in 1811 at the age of eighteen and gave a commencement speech entitled ``The Cultivation of the Taste and Imagination,'' which was described by Dr. Pierce as ``written with purity and pronounced with elegance.''
Kiran Khan was born to Khalid Zaman, Business man and former International Swimmer Of Pakistan, and his wife Dr.Shagufta Khalid,Lahore Pakistan. She was brought up in Lahore in a religious family. Kiran began Swimming at the age of three, turning professional in 2001. She was trained by her father. She attended Lahore Grammar School and currently is in Kean university .
Against this backdrop, the central government began efforts to revitalise its tuberculosis control program in 2000. Most important was the increased political commitment to tackle tuberculosis. In March, 2000, the Minister of Health Zhang Wenkang and Vice-Minister of Finance Gao Qiang attended the Ministerial Conference on Tuberculosis and Sustainable Development in Amsterdam, where they committed to strengthen the country's efforts to control tuberculosis. In December, 2000, the State Council of China held a nationwide video-teleconference on tuberculosis. Vice-Premier Li Lanqing gave explicit instructions to strengthen the tuberculosis control effort. In October, 2001, the government issued the second 10-year plan (2001--10) to control tuberculosis. In 2002, the central government increased its funding for tuberculosis from US$300 000 per year to $4
Patrick O'Malley is a '68 graduate of Marist High School. O'Malley has a bachelor's degree in economics and a masters degree in finance from Purdue University, as well as a Juris Doctor from John Marshall Law School. O'Malley currently resides in Palos Park, Illinois with his wife Mary Judith, they have two adult children; Brigid and Patrick. His uncle-in-law is former congressman Morgan Murphy. His Sister Eilleen Omalley has 2 kids named Rory McAllister and Sean C McAllister and was married to Edward A McAllister.
Len Rix was born in Zimbabwe in 1942, where he studied English, French and Latin at the (then) University College of Rhodesia and Nyasaland. In 1963 he won a Commonwealth Scholarship to King's College, Cambridge, where he read English. He worked as a lecturer at the University of Rhodesia/Zimbabwe and teacher of English at Manchester Grammar School (where he was also Head of Careers) before retiring in 2005 to live in Cambridge.
Ronald Steele was born in Birmingham, Alabama. He attended John Carroll Catholic High School in Birmingham and led them to an undefeated 36-0 record in his junior season. He was named ``Mr. Basketball'' in the state of Alabama in each of his junior and senior seasons. He was the first junior ever to receive the title.
He matriculated at Trinity College, Dublin, on 8 August 1662. He held the office of Member of Parliament (M.P.) for Kilmallock from 1665 to 1666. He was created 1st Viscount Blesington, co. Wicklow Ireland and 1st Baron Boyle, co. Wicklow Ireland on August 23, 1673, with a special remainder to the male heirs of his father. He was invested as a Privy Counsellor (P.C.) Ireland in June 1675. He held the office of Constable of Limerick Castle between 1679 and 1692. He held the office of Governor of Limerick between 1679 and 1692. He was awarded the honorary degree of Doctor of Law (LL.D.) in 1682. He held the office of Lord Justice Ireland in 1696, although he only held this office for a fortnight, and was never elected. He was a Commissioner of the Great Seal Ireland on December 21, 1697.
Greg Edmonson grew up in Dallas, Texas and played the guitar as a youth. He studied jazz composition at the University of North Texas College of Music. Later, while he was a studio musician and session player, he went to the Musicians Institute of Technology. He has studied with Dr. Albert Harris, the former musical director for NBC and a leading composition teacher and music lecturer.
The 2005 LSU Tigers football team represented Louisiana State University in the college football season of 2005--2006. Coached by Les Miles in his first season at LSU, the Tigers played their home games at Tiger Stadium in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Despite all of the distractions from Hurricane Katrina, LSU finished its season with an 11--2 record capped off by a 40--3 victory over No. 9 Miami in the 2005 Peach Bowl without starting quarterback JaMarcus Russell.
Eleanor Greenwood is a lyric Mezzo Soprano and graduate of the Royal Academy of Music in London. She made her debut at the Wexford Festival as Pachole - the Waif in Maria by Roman Statkowski. She has performed Mezzo roles including Hänsel in Hänsel und Gretel under the baton of Sian Edwards, Rosina in Il barbiere di Siviglia, Count Orlofsky in Die Fledermaus, La Ciesca in Gianni Schicchi, Endimione in La Calisto, The Wife in Paradise Moscow (Cheryomushki), L'Enfant in L'Enfant et les Sortileges and Zerlina in Don Giovanni. She has performed roles in the Cunning Little Vixen by Janáček. Her older brother is musicologist and Doctoral Fellow at the University of Chicago, Andrew Greenwood.
Fitz Benjamin Hall (born 20 December 1980, Walthamstow, London) is an English footballer who plays for Queens Park Rangers. He is a central defender who can also play as a central midfielder. His nickname is ``One Size'' Fitz Hall, a pun on the phrase ``one size fits all''. He attended Willowfield School.
He was born on 23 August 1866 to George Airey Kirkpatrick and Frances June Macaulay of Kingston, Ontario. He enrolled at the Royal Military College of Canada in Kingston, Ontario from 1882--85, student # 138. As a surveyor in 1892, he authored topographic maps of the 'Town and environs of the Fez Region of Morocco.
Reverend Charles Bunworth, Church of Ireland rector of Buttevant, County Cork, and harpist, was born early in the 1700's. He graduated from Trinity College, Dublin, with an M.A. in 1730. He died in 1770.
Gavin Frost (born 1930), B.Sc., PhD, D.D., born in Aldridge, Staffordshire, England, is an occult author, a Wiccan Priest, a doctor of Physics and Mathematics, and a prominent member of the American Wiccan community. In 1952, Gavin graduated from King's College London with honours, gaining a Bachelor of Science degree in Mathematics, and after completing his post doctoral thesis with the Department of Atomic Energy in Cumbria, he received a Doctorate in Physics & Mathematics http://www.controverscial.com/Gavin%20and%20Yvonne%20Frost.htm. He founded the Church and School of Wicca with his wife Yvonne Frost in 1968, and he is currently the Archbishop of the Church of Wicca and a director of the School of Wicca. He and his wife have written several books on magic, Wicca, and related subjects such as The Magic Power of Witchcraft.
Tom Hardy was educated in industrial design at Auburn University (1964--1970) under Eva Pfeil (German) and Walter Schaer (Swiss), former students at the Ulm School of Design in Germany (Hochschule für Gestaltung - HfG Ulm: 1953-1968). Pfeil and Schaer established their curriculum at Auburn in 1961 based on the ′Ulm Model′ and their experiences under Max Bill (Swiss), co-founder of HfG and pupil at the Bauhaus (1919--1933) and Tomás Maldonado (Argentinian), HfG Rector. Pfeil had also worked in Bill's studio where she collaborated on the classic 1957 Junghans wall clock.
Rafael Butch Francisco, namesake of a known entertainment host and writer, is founder and Chairman of Francisco Center for Social Change Foundation, Inc. He retired in 2010 as Director, President and Chief Operating Officer of Pagcor - Philippine Amusement and Gaming Corporation,http://www.pagcor.ph/about-pagcor.php the Philippine government's regulator and operator of casinos. He has a baccalaureate degree from the De La Salle University (DLSU) and a postgraduate diploma from Ateneo de Manila University (ADMU). He took up his Executive Development Program in Casino Management in the University of Nevada, Reno (UNR). He was born in 1956 and raised in Pasay City, Philippines.
Swede Knox (born on March 2, 1948 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a former NHL linesman who graduated from Athabasca University in 1999 with a Bachelor of Administration degree. He had officiated 1,983 NHL games since 1972, and wore a helmet from the mid-1980s until his retirement in the mid-1990s.
Selz is a 1988 graduate of Niles North High School in Skokie, Illinois and studied film at Columbia College Chicago. He started shooting super 8 short Six Million Dollar Man movies when he was only eight years old. He completed his first feature horror film, Short Cut Road in 2003 which was distributed by horror movie outlet Sub Rosa Studios on DVD in 2003, quickly followed by The Rockville Slayer in 2004, which was distributed by Freestyle Home Entertainment and Universal UMVD. The Rockville Slayer had horror genre actors Joe Estevez, Linnea Quigley, and Robert Z'Dar star in the film. In 2006, he was set to shoot his third feature, Satanic Panic, but had to push back production until 2007 due to time constraints. Because of the shooting delay, some parts had to be recast, including roles originally set to star veteran B-movie actesses Felissa Rose and Brinke Stevens. The final cast consists of mostly Chicago based actors. The film is loosely based on the ``satanic cult'' killings that occurred during the 1980s and 1990s. Satanic Panic began filming in the summer of 2007 with most principal photography completed in September. The remaining scenes were finally shot in June and July 2008. Marc has jokingly referred to Satanic as ``the Star Wars of low budget horror movies'' because of the time it took to complete. Marc stated, ``Karl (co-writer Karl Sundstrom) and I started writing Satanic in September/October of 2005. Three years in the making because Satanic finished production in the fall of 2008.'' Satanic Panic was initially planned as a straight to DVD project, but there is word of a potential limited theatrical release due to industry buzz about the film. The film was screened on November 28, 2008 in Wheeling, IL for friends, family and some press. In late 2008 a mask distribution deal of the creature ``Toby'' from the fim Satanic Panic was made between Marc Selz Productions, LLC and Chicago's Zagone Studios. The Satanic Panic mask will be mass produced and carried in Halloween USA outlet stores for Halloween 2009. A world distribution deal was signed for Satanic Panic with Marc Selz Productions,LLC and Celebrity Video Distribution out of Los Angeles California in July 2009 for a DVD and Blu-Ray release date of October 13, 2009. Marc Selz Productions signed a two year cable deal with NBC Universal's Chiller Channel to air The Rockville Slayer starting in October 2009. In April of 2011 Marc Selz Productions,LLC signed a two year deal with Netflix Inc. to digitally stream The Rockville Slayer. Selz is currently working on a new film project for 2012/2013 from his treatment. More to be announced soon.
Vigne was born on 1 September 1801 at Walthamstow, then in Essex, the eldest son of Thomas Vigne. He entered Harrow School in 1817. He became a barrister in 1824, and was a member of Lincoln's Inn.
Stephen Brobst has an undergraduate degree in electrical engineering and computer science from University of California, Berkeley. As a college senior, he received the Bechtel Engineering Award. He also has an MBA through a joint program between Harvard Business School and MIT Sloan School of Management. Brobst has a Master's degree and doctorate degree in computer science from MIT. His research there focused on high-performance parallel processing.
Eric Martinot is author of 65 publications on renewable energy and energy efficiency. He is a member of the Chairperson Committee of the World Council for Renewable Energy, member of the editorial board of the interdisciplinary journal Energy Policy, and advisor to several international organizations. He received M.A. and Ph.D. degrees in Energy and Resources from the University of California at Berkeley (1991 and 1995) and a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (1984).
Arthur William Moore was born in Cronkborne, Braddan. He was the son of William Fine Moore MHK and a descendant of Illiam Dhone. He was educated at Rugby School and at Trinity College, Cambridge. Thereafter he assisted his father in the management of the sailcloth manufactory, and on his father's death in the eighties, he succeeded to the business. He was also a great sportsman, being a blue whilst at Cambridge, an active rower, and a founding member of Cronkbourne Cricket Club. He also bore the entire cost of the forming and furnishing of this club and of laying the ground.
Born in Kingstown, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, he moved to the United States to study and later became a U.S. citizen. He attended Yale University and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in sociology. While there he befriended future President George W. Bush and both were inducted to the secret society Skull and Bones. He earned an Master of Arts and Ph.D in sociology from the University of Washington.
Robert Beaven (January 20, 1836 -- September 18, 1920), son of James Beaven, was a British Columbia politician and businessman. Beaven moved to British Columbia from Toronto, where he had been educated at Upper Canada College, because of the gold rush. He entered business in Victoria, which was then the capital of the Colony of Vancouver Island. After the colony's union with British Columbia, Beaven became involved with politics as secretary of Amor De Cosmos' Confederation League which advocated that the colony enter Canadian confederation.
John Tasioulas was born in Wollongong, New South Wales, in 1964 to parents who emigrated to Australia from Greece. He was a student at Northcote High School and Melbourne High School. He completed undergraduate degrees in Philosophy and Law at the University of Melbourne and in 1989 was elected Rhodes Scholar for Victoria. He received a doctorate (D.Phil in Philosophy) from Oxford University for a thesis on moral relativism which was supervised by Joseph Raz. He has held a Lectureship in Jurisprudence at the University of Glasgow (1992-1998) and a Readership in Moral and Legal Philosophy at the University of Oxford where he was a Fellow at Corpus Christi College (1998-2010). He has held visiting appointments at the University of Melbourne and the Australian National University.
Dr. Arthur Ting is an orthopaedic surgeon and the team physician for the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League and San Jose Sabercats of the Arena Football League. Dr. Ting is also the team orthopaedist for Menlo College, a small liberal arts school which competes on the NCAA Division III circuit (Northwest Conference) and NAIA circuit (California Pacific Conference), and is well known for his surgeries on motorcycle racers such as World Champions Michael Doohan, Nicky Hayden and Ben Spies. Ting works at the Fremont Sports Therapy and Surgery Center, which is responsible for the medical treatment of many Bay Area professional sports organizations, including the Oakland Raiders. He earned his medical degree at Saint Louis University and did his residency at the University of Southern California. In May, 2004, he had his license to practice medicine revoked, then stayed with five years probation.
Jan Dowling is the head coach of the Gators women's golf team; she was hired as the new coach on June 15, 2009, Dowling was previously the assistant women's golf coach at Duke University for one year (2009) and Kent State University for three years (2006--2008). She is a 2002 graduate of Kent State, where she was a member of the women's team, and played professional golf from 2002 to 2006. The 2011--2012 season will be her third as the Lady Gators head coach.
Zee Avi (born Izyan Alirahman, also known as KokoKaina; b. 1985) is a Malaysian singer-songwriter, guitarist, and ukulele player. She was born in Miri, Sarawak, Malaysia. She moved to Kuala Lumpur when she was 12. She studied fashion design at American InterContinental University in London.
Leonard van der Kuijp began his studies in mathematics, but then shifted his attention to Tibet. He received his master's degree at the University of Saskatchewan in Saskatoon, Canada, and his doctorate at the University of Hamburg in Germany.
In 1986 she received the William Allen White Foundation Award for Journalistic Merit from the University of Kansas. Thomas received an Al Neuharth Award for Excellence in the Media from the Freedom Forum in 1991. The White House Correspondent's Association honored her in 1998 by establishing the Helen Thomas Lifetime Achievement Award. In 2000, her alma mater, Wayne State University, established an award for journalists in her honor, the Helen Thomas Spirit of Diversity award; but in December 2010, the award was discontinued by Wayne State citing her renewed remarks that she stands by what she had said earlier in May to Nesenoff. Speaking for Wayne State, Matthew Seeger, its interim dean said, that the award is given to promote the importance of diversity in the media; but this award ``is no longer helping us achieve our goals''. In 2007, Thomas received a Foremother Award from the National Research Center for Women & Families.
The son of William Henry Battle and Anna Marguerite (née Vulliamy), Battle was educated at Gresham's School, Norfolk, and Trinity College, Cambridge. His family Marfleet Vulliamy Battle were notable Sussex and Lincolnshire landowners.
Homer Hartage is a 1976 graduate of Seton Hall University, South Orange New Jersey with a degree in psychology with minor studies in natural science. Hartage is the CEO of Nuchia Foods Corporation. He was elected to a four year term on the Orange County Board of County Commissioners in 1998 and re-elected in 2002. Hartage retired from the Board of Commissioners in 2006 in compliance with term limitations. Currently Homer Hartage is running for Orange County School Board Chair. At Seton Hall, Hartage was a student and community organizer. He organized an African-American Student Science Organization, to promote student entry and matriculation in science and math and served as president. Under his leadership the organization developed the New Jersey State Black Students Science Conference which held state-wide conferences from 1972 through 1974. Community Service - As a County Commissioner, Hartage was a moderate Democrat, very progressive on social issues and more conservative on fiscal matters.
Kenji Nagai grew up in Imabari, Ehime, Japan, and graduated from Imabari Nishi High School. Nagai attended Tokyo Keizai University (東京経済大学), and after graduation he studied abroad in the United States for a year. After his return to Japan, Nagai held a part-time job before embarking upon his career as a freelance journalist.
Gabriel Suswam was born on the 15th November, 1964 in Anyiin, Logo Local Government Area of Benue State. In 1986 he was admitted into the Law Faculty of the University of Lagos. He obtained an LL.B degree in 1989, and the BL Certificate from the Nigerian Law School, Lagos in 1990. He was called to the Bar that year. He worked for other law firms from 1990--1994, while continuing his studies. In 1994 he launched his own law firm.
Darcy Marquardt (born March 22, 1979 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian rower. She is a student at the University of Victoria. She won a silver medal in the fours event at the 2002 World Championships in Seville, Spain and a bronze in the eights at the 2003 World Championships in Milan, Italy. She placed fourth in the 2004 summer Olympics, with partner Buffy Williams. She was World Champion in the Woman's Pairs in Eton England with Jane Rumball in the 2006 World Rowing Championship. She finished in fourth place at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the women's eight.
Evan Siegel received his PhD in Mathematics from the CUNY Graduate Center in 2000, his MSc in Mathematics from New York University, and his BSc in Mathematics from MIT. He is currently an Associate Professor of Mathematics at New Jersey City University. In addition to his interest in Mathematics, Siegel's interest in the history of the Middle East and his numerous publications and conferences have established him as a prominent expert of the field in the academic circles. Siegel does research in sources in Persian, French, Arabic, Turkish, Russian, German, and Georgian.
James was born 5 October 1811 on Governor's Island, New York. He was a graduate from Norwich University in 1828 and was graduated in 1832 from West Point. He was a colonel in the 8th United States infantry, and a brevet brigadier general in the Civil War. He was held a prisoner from April, 1861 to May, 1862. He died Jan. 6, 1892, at Elizabeth, N. J. at the age of 80 and was buried, Evergreen Cemetery, Hillside, NJ. Henry died in 1845.
Todd McShay (born March 22, 1977) is a football analyst. McShay is a native of Swampscott, Massachusetts and played quarterback for the Swampscott (Mass.) High School football team (1991--1994). In 1999, He graduated from the University of Richmond with a B.A. in leadership studies, and served as the backup quarterback before a back injury ended his college career. After his injury he worked as an undergraduate assistant football coach at the University of Richmond before landing an internship with Gary Horton in the summer of 1998. Following graduation, McShay worked full-time for ``The War Room'', (1999-2006) a start-up publication created by former NFL scout Gary Horton.
Gabriele Veneziano was born in Florence, Italy where he graduated (Italian Laurea) in Theoretical Physics under the direction of Professor Raoul Gatto. He pursued his doctoral studies at the Weizmann Institute of Science in Rehovot, Israel and obtained his Ph.D. in 1967 under the supervision of Hector Rubinstein. During his stay in Israel and his early years at MIT, he collaborated with Marco Ademollo (a professor in Florence) Miguel Virasoro. and Sergio Fubini.
Brighton Faculty of Arts and Architecture has supported and educated many key figures in the arts. In 2009 an Exhibition, From Art School to University: Art and Design at Brighton 1859-2009, paid tribute to many of them and included Turner Prize winners, iconic design work, cutting-edge dance for camera and classic rock and pop imagery. Turner Prize winners Keith Tyson and Rachel Whiteread studied at the Faculty of Arts, University of Brighton, as did the artists Alison Lapper, Keith Coventry, Sylvia Sleigh, the designer Julien Macdonald and the writer-illustrator Emily Gravett. The list of world-renowned students, lecturers and researchers once at Brighton includes sculptor Anthony Gormley, Kate Greenaway Medal winners Emily Gravett, Raymond Briggs and Quentin Blake; artist Mike Chaplin; children's writer-illustrator Lucy Cousins; Magnum photographer Mark Power; Fashion designers Barbara Hulanicki, Caroline Broadhead, Mark Eley and Julien Macdonald; design historian Jonathan Woodham and dress historian Lou Taylor. Also Bahman Mostaghimi, who was recognised in 2004 by the People's Republic of China for his outstanding work with the Chinese textile industry and education.
Dharma Singh Khalsa, M.D. was born January 20, 1946 in Cleveland, Ohio and grew up in Miami Beach, Florida. He is a graduate of Creighton University School of Medicine in Omaha, Nebraska. Dr. Khalsa received his training in Anesthesiology at the University of California, San Francisco, where he was Chief Resident. He is also a graduate of the University of California, Los Angeles Medical Acupuncture for Physicians Program and has studied mind/body medicine at Harvard Medical School's Mind/Body Medical Institute.
Jason Klumb grew up in Butler, Missouri. After high school, he attended William Jewell College in Liberty, Missouri. He spent his sophomore year in college studying abroad at Seinan Gakuin University in Japan. During his junior year, he interned with the office of U.S. Congressman Ike Skelton. Klumb earned his Juris Doctorate from the University of Missouri School of Law in 1993 while he was a Missouri State Representative. Klumb also has a Master of Science degree from the London School of Economics.
Henrik Sillem was the son of Johann Gottlieb Sillem, banker with Hope and Co. bankers, Amsterdam. His mother was jonkvrouwe Judith Catharina Henriette Hoeufft. Henrik Sillem studied law at the University of Amsterdam. He wrote his doctoral thesis on the subject of 'Het faillissement des verzekeraars', which translates into English as 'the bankruptcy of the insurance company' and was published by Roeloffzen en Hubner publishers, Amsterdam, 1891. With this thesis he received the title of Doctor of Law on May 8, 1981. On May 28, 1891 he married in Arnhem jonkvrouwe Susanna Catharina Beatrix des Tombe (born February 24, 1869, Arnhem - died November 6, 1948) on May 28, 1891, Arnhem. She was the daughter of jonkheer François Joan Adriaan des Tombe and Beatrix Cruys. The couple divorced in 1897. Henrik Sillem worked in Amsterdam, Holland, as a lawyer, legal advisor and public prosecutor. Together with his friend Solko van den Bergh and the Frenchman François Monod, Sillem initiated the first 'international shooting matches' (world championships in shooting) in 1897 in Lyon. These were the forerunners of the matches that were held in Paris in 1900, now considered to have been part of the Olympics. Sillem participated in these and won a bronze medal with the Dutch pistol team.
Lale Aytaman finished St. George's Austrian High School () in Istanbul. She was an AFS-exchage student in 1962 in Phoenix, Arizona. She studied German literature at Istanbul University, then went to Hamburg in Germany, where she continued her studies and earned her Ph.D.
Carlos Mena received his training at the Schola Cantorum Basiliensis in Basel, where his teachers were Richard Levitt and René Jacobs. His operatic performances have included Handel's Radamisto (title role), Monteverdi's L'Orfeo (Speranza), Händel's Il Trionfo del Tempo e del Disinganno (Disinganno) and John Cage's Europa5.
Shuldiner (b. April 19, 1977) was raised in New York, though his family moved considerably when he was a child due to his father Joseph Shuldiner's involvement in the movement to improve public housing (Joseph Shuldiner eventually became an undersecretary of housing in the Clinton Administration). When Ben Shuldiner attended Harvard University as an undergraduate, he became involved in labor activism and was selected to join the inaugural class of the AFL-CIO's Union Summer, where he worked organizing day care workers in urban Chicago. On campus, he co-founded Harvard's Progressive Student Labor Movement to fight for living wages for university employees and also served as a sports writer for The Harvard Crimson. In addition to his primary study of History of Science, he took graduate-level education courses to earn his teaching credentials and graduated Magna Cum Laude in 1999. Shuldiner began his teaching career in England teaching history and poetry after winning the Stowe-Harvard Fellowship. He soon returned to New York and began teaching history at Erasmus Hall, a troubled inner-city high school, and doubled the passing rate of his students on the Regents Examinations. His experience at Erasmus solidified his belief that New York CIty students deserved a better education than the public school system was providing.
Adam Mamawala (b. May 18, 1987, Aurora, Illinois) is an American stand-up comic. He graduated from Hillsborough High School in Hillsborough Township, New Jersey in 2005 and graduated from The College of New Jersey in Ewing, New Jersey with a degree in Communication Studies in 2009. He is of half-Indian and half-German ancestry.
Lee Chadwick (born January 09, 1985) is an is an English mixed martial artist. He trains with HAMMA Mixed Martial Arts Academy based in St. Helens, England. He formally trained at Team Kaobon. Chadwick is also fully qualified Personal Trainer in Liverpool.
Ma Prem Usha was a graduate of Isabella Thoburn College in Lucknow, India. It was during the 1970s that Usha was initiated into the order of Zen mystic, Osho, an Indian guru. She remained a follower and devotee of the teachings of Osho for over 30 years until her death in 2008.
Demis Hassabis (born 27 July 1976, United Kingdom) is a computer game designer, AI programmer, neuroscientist and world-class games player. A child prodigy in chess, he reached master standard at the age of 13 with an Elo rating of 2300. After finishing his A-Level exams two years early he began his computer games career at Bullfrog Productions, first level designing on Syndicate and then at 17 co-designing and lead programming on the classic game Theme Park, with the games designer Peter Molyneux, which went on to sell several million copies and win a Golden Joystick Award. Hassabis then left Bullfrog to take up his place at Queens' College, University of Cambridge where he graduated from the Computer Science Tripos in 1997 with a Double First.
Henry Bradshaw (c. 1450 -- 1513) was an English poet born in Chester. In his boyhood he was received into the Benedictine monastery of Saint Werburgh, and after studying with other novices of his order at Gloucester College, Oxford, he returned to his monastery at Chester.
Louise Carver was born in Cape Town and holds both British and South African citizenship. She has been playing piano since the age of 11 and received her first recording contract at the age of 15. She attended the Rustenberg Girls High, matriculating in 1996. She received an honours degree from the University of Cape Town, a PPE (politics, philosophy and economics) degree, in 2002.
Daisy Gardner is an American television writer who is best known for her work as a writer on the NBC series 30 Rock and Californication. She also appears on as a commentator. She graduated from Wellesley College in 1997.
Sig Gissler was born in Chicago. He is a graduate of Lake Forest College. He worked for the Libertyville Independent-Register and the Waukegan News-Sun until he joined The Milwaukee Journal as editor in 1967. He then taught at Stanford University and was a senior fellow at the Freedom Forum Media Studies Center. In 1994, he became a professor at the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism. Since 2002, he has served as the administrator for the Pulitzer Prizes.
Franc Rode was born in Rodica near Ljubljana, in Yugoslavia (modern-day Slovenia). In 1945 he and his family sought refuge in Austria and later fled to Argentina in 1948. He entered the Congregation of the Mission, more commonly known as the Lazarists, in Buenos Aires in 1952, making his perpetual profession in 1957. Rode studied at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome, and at the Catholic Institute of Paris, from where he obtained his doctorate in theology in 1968.
Sean Whitesell is an American film and television actor, who is also a television writer and producer. He studied acting at the University of California in San Diego, where he received an MFA in acting. Whitesell is best known for his portrayal of cannibalistic inmate Donald Groves, the initial cellmate of Miguel Alvarez (Kirk Acevedo), in season 1 of HBO's Oz, on which he was a regular until his character's execution. In 2002, Whitesell returned to the show, but not to act; he wrote and produced several episodes in the show's later seasons. Whitesell has acted almost exclusively in television, aside from some early minor film roles, such as in Calendar Girl opposite Jason Priestley. He also served as both a writer and a recurring guest actor on , in addition to appearing in the television movie that concluded the series in 2000. Although Whitesell has not acted since Homcide ended, he was a producer for most of the fourth season of House, and also wrote one episode, ``Ugly''. He produced and wrote for a few other recent successful series, including The Black Donnellys, Boston Public and Cold Case.
Rob Chidley was born in Hastings in 1981, and raised in Dorset on the south coast of England. He attended Poole Grammar School before studying English Literature and, afterwards, taking a Postgraduate Certificate in Education at Birmingham University.
He was born Stephen Sewall in Cambridge, Massachusetts in 1770, the son of Jonathan Sewall who was the attorney general of Massachusetts, and returned to England with his family at the start of the American Revolution, where he attended Bristol Grammar School. In 1787, he travelled to New Brunswick where his brother Jonathan had already settled; he articled in law there with Ward Chipman and was called to the bar in 1791. Later in 1791, he moved to Montreal, qualified as a lawyer there and set up practice. Sewell served in the local militia, becoming captain in 1812. In 1809, he was named solicitor general for Lower Canada. He was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada in 1809 for Huntingdon and was elected for Montreal East in 1810. He was dismissed from his office as solicitor general in 1816 after it was revealed that he had submitted documents published in the Montreal Herald that were critical of Governor George Prevost's administration. Sewell was named King's Counsel in 1827. He served as a commissioner during the construction of the Lachine Canal. Sewell helped found the Natural History Society of Montreal and served as its president. He was the first president of the Montreal bar library and also served as solitictor for the Royal Institution for the Advancement of Learning during the transfer of that part of James McGill's property which became the site of McGill College.
Persons was born and raised in Macon, Georgia. He received coaching and training in the junior program developed by Georgia Golf Hall of Fame member Dan Nyimicz at Idle Hour Golf Club in Macon. Persons won the 1980 Georgia Junior Championship and was the runner-up to Sam Randolph at the 1985 U.S. Amateur. He was the 1984--1985 Georgia Golf Association Men's Player of the Year. He attended the University of Georgia and was a member of the golf team. He turned professional in 1986.
In 1996, Valerie Jodoin Keaton received her Bachelor's degree in Latin American Studies from McGill University. During her studies, she was photographer for the McGill Daily and won several prizes at annual photography contests. She also organized a development project (OLA!) for the southern rural areas in Ecuador. She later worked on movie and documentary productions and assisted Montreal photographer Gilbert Duclos.
He was born in Little Placentia, the son of Richard McGrath and Margaret Fanning. He was raised and educated in Oderin where his father was Customs Collector and Stipendary Magistrate. He received his secondary education at Saint Bonaventure's College in St.John's. McGrath began work as a fisherman operating his own boat and later owned a fishing business operating catching cod on the Grand Banks and herring. First elected MHA for the district of Placentia and St. Mary's in 1885 (a position his father had held in the past). He served as a member of the Newfoundland Fisheries Commission from 1889 to 1895. He was re-elected in 1893 and was named to the Executive Council as chairman of the Board of Works. He was forced to resign from the assembly the following year after the Tories filed petitions against 15 Liberal and one Independent incumbent for partisan use of government funds. He was disqualified from holding office again. His brother Richard was elected to represent Placentia and St. Mary's in the subsequent by-election. In 1895, McGrath was named governor of the Newfoundland penitentiary, a position he filled from Apr 1 1895 until his death in 1902. He was married three times: first in 1882 to Theresa Mary Power (1859 - 1886), then in 1889 to Catherine (Kate) McCarthy (1859 - 1895) and finally in 1896 to Mary Anne (Min) Aylward (1859 - 1943). In all he had 6 children, 3 boys and 3 girls (including twin daughters who died as children). One son John William McGrath worked as secretary and advisor to Theodore Roosevelt but died in 1924 at the age of 32 in Boston, Mass. Son James became a doctor and eventually entered politics, becoming Minister of Health in the Smallwood government. Daughter Elizabeth Anne McGrath studied law and in 1934 was the second woman admitted to the bar in Newfoundland. James Francis McGrath died in Halifax at the age of 43 while returning from kidney surgery in Boston following an emergency operation by his uncle Dr. Donald A Campbell. His body was returned to St. John's, Newfoundland and he was buried in the Belvedere Roman Catholic Cemetery.
Moffat was born in 1932. His father was the United States Ambassador to Canada, Jay Pierrepont Moffat. He was also the grandnephew of Seth Low Pierrepont (member of Connecticut House of Representatives, 1921 to 1927) and nephew of Abbot Low Moffat (member of New York State Assembly from the New York County 15th District, 1929 to 1943). On December 28, 1953, Moffat married Pamela Mary Dawson. He graduated from Harvard University with an A.B. in 1953. Moffat served in the United States Army from 1953 to 1956. In 1956 he entered the U.S Foreign Service as intelligence research officer in the Bureau of Intelligence and Research. He was consular officer in Kobe and Osaka, Japan, from 1958 to 1960, and political officer in Paris, France, from 1961 to 1965. In the State Department he served as officer in charge of Benelux affairs at the Bureau of European Affairs from 1965 to 1968, and staff assistant to the Secretary of State from 1968 to 1969. He was a political officer in Bern, Switzerland, from 1969 to 1970, and Deputy Chief of Mission in Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago from 1971 to 1974. In 1974, he attended the NATO Defense College in Rome, Italy. From 1974 to 1976 he was Deputy Executive Secretary in the State Department. He was Deputy Chief of Mission in Rabat, Morocco, from 1976 to 1980 and attended the Executive Seminar in National and International Affairs at the Foreign Service Institute from 1980 to 1981. He was charge d'affaires in N'Djamena in 1982.
John Ukec Lueth Ukec was born in Aweil, Sudan, which lies in the eastern portion of Southern Sudan. Appointed by the Sudan People's Liberation Army/Movement, he was the Charge d'Affaires or Sudanese ambassador to the United States from 2006-2007. Ukec gained notoriety in the West with a Washington Post article about his downplaying of international claims of genocide in Darfur. In the style of naming Iraqi diplomat Muhammad Saeed al-Sahhaf ``Bagdad Bob'' for his propaganda interviews, the Post nicknamed Ukec ``Khartoum Karl''. Joining the Southern Liberation Movement in 1964, he served as a military officer in the Anya-nya Forces until the Addis Ababa Peace Accord in 1972, when he was absorbed into the Sudan Armed Forces with the rank of captain. He concluded his military career as a general and commanding officer of the First Infantry Division's Combat Training Center. Moving to the United States in the 1980s, Ukec became an activist and public speaker on liberation issues of Southern Sudan. He earned masters degrees from both Iowa State University and Oklahoma State University. From 1989 to 2005, he taught economics at Langston University in Oklahoma and at Des Moines Area Community College in Iowa. During this time, he also worked at Iowa State University as a Financial Aid Administrator, Chair of Human Relations, and co-Chair of Black Faculty and Staff. General John left both Iowa State University and Des Moines Area Community College to join the Government of national unity as Sudan's Ambassador to the United States.
In 2000, Gordon won the DGA award for Outstanding Directorial Achievement in Musical/Variety for episode of the HBO series, Tracey Takes On... starring Tracey Ullman. She is graduate of Yale School of Drama.
John Williams was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge. He was elected as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Lincoln at a by-election in March 1822, and held the seat until the 1826 general election, when he was returned on 9 June for Ilchester. However, that result was overturned on 22 February 1827 after an election petition, and Williams did not return to the House of Commons until February 1830, when he was returned for Winchelsea at a by-election. He held that seat until the borough was disenfranchised at the 1832 general election.
Garrie David Gibson (born 17 October 1954) is a retired Australian politician. Born in Brisbane, he was educated at the University of Queensland and the North Brisbane College of Advanced Education before becoming a primary teacher. He was an organiser with the Queensland Teachers Union before his election to the Australian House of Representatives in 1990 as the Labor member for Moreton. His election was the first time the Labor Party had ever won the seat, which has existed since Federation, although independent James Wilkinson sat as a Labor member from 1904--1906. Gibson held the seat until his defeat in 1996.
Sergei Arkadevich Vronsky (, b. 3 September 1935, Rostov-on-Don - June 21, 2003 ) was a Soviet and Russian cinematographer. Sergei Vronsky graduated from the Gerasimov Institute of Cinematography in 1953 and worked with Ivan Pyryev and Georgi Daneliya. He received USSR State Prize in 1981 for the film Autumn Marathon.
Arthur J. Levenson was Born in Brooklyn, New York. He earned a B.S. in Mathematics from the City College of New York. He did graduate work in mathematics at New York University and Columbia University. He attained the rank of Lieutenant Colonel in the U.S. Army. Mr. Levenson was a graduate of the National War College. Mr. Levenson was buried with full military honors on December 7, 2007, at Arlington National Cemetery.
Pokrovsky attended the law schools of the Moscow State University and St Petersburg University. In 1889, he began his career at the Ministry of Finance. In 1902-1903, Pokrovsky was a deputy chairman (chairman from 1904) of the Department of Taxation of the Ministry of Finance. In 1906, he was appointed deputy finance minister and mainly oversaw taxation affairs. In 1914-1916, Pokrovsky was a member of the State Council (retaining his post of the deputy finance minister until July 1914). From January to November 1916, Pokrovsky held the post of state inspector. On 30 November 1916, he was appointed minister of foreign affairs. Some of the English newspapers regarded his nomination as a sign of final suppression of Germanophilic agitation in Russia. On 19 November 1916, Pokrovsky announced in the State Duma that the treaty of 1915 with Great Britain and France (later signed by Italy, as well) had finally established Russia's right on the straits and Constantinople. Also, he said that Russia would never sign a peace treaty with Germany, which caused a storm of applause in the Duma. During his 3-month tenure as a foreign minister, Nikolai Pokrovsky announced his resignation four times over disagreements with the minister of the interior Alexander Protopopov. Pokrovsky favored the attraction of the American financial capital into the Russian economy. With the support of the Ministry of Finance, he proposed to send a special commission on economic and financial affairs to the United States. In January 1917, Pokrovsky prepared a document, in which he defended the idea of establishing close ties with the US in light of this country's potentially decisive role in ending the war. In his note to the tsar from 21 February Pokrovsky expressed his confidence in victory over Germany and inquired about a possibility to prepare an expeditionary force for deployment in Constantinople by October 1917. During a session of the Council of Ministers on 25 February 1917, Pokrovsky proposed the resignation of the whole government. He was sent to negotiate this matter with the State Duma and Progressive Bloc. On 26 February Pokrovsky reported about his negotiations with the Bloc (led by Vasili Maklakov) at the session of the Council of Ministers in the Mariinsky Palace. The Bloc spoke for the resignation of the government. After the February Revolution, Pokrovsky headed the Russo-American Committee on Assistance to the Economic Rapprochement between Russia and the US. After the October Revolution, Pokrovsky emigrated from Russia and taught at the Vytautas Magnus University.
David Monro was born in Edinburgh, the grandson of Alexander Monro tertius, professor of anatomy at the University of Edinburgh, whose own father, Alexander Monro secondus (1733--1817), and grandfather, Alexander Monro primus (1697--1767), had both filled the same position. David Monro was educated at the University of Glasgow, where he was influenced by Edmund Law Lushington to become a classical scholar. In 1854, he attended Brasenose College, Oxford and, later in the same year transferred to Balliol College, Oxford, where he was a Snell exhibitioner. In 1859, he was elected Fellow of Oriel College, Oxford; although he entered Lincoln's Inn the following year, he became lecturer and then tutor at Oriel. In 1882, he became Provost of the College, and he held this office until his death at Heiden, Switzerland. He also served as Vice-Chancellor of the University of Oxford from 1901 to 1904.
Prashant Bhilare, a commerce graduate from the University of Mumbai, initially assisted a veteran theatre actor-writer, Ashok Purang, on a few small television projects as a writer's assistant. He was introduced to the concept of short film when Ashok Purang asked him to co-ordinate a short film screening programme in Mumbai with his theatre troupe. This screening programme proved to be a life-changing experience for him. He was very much fascinated by the concept of telling a story within a time frame from a few seconds to a few minutes, with a proper start, middle and end, which was just like any other full-length feature film.
Don Morgan was born in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. He is a graduate of the University of Saskatchewan College of Law. He was appointed Queen's Counsel in 1990. He practiced law from 1979 until 1988, when he became Chairman and CEO of the Saskatchewan Legal Aid Commission. Morgan again practiced law from 1992 to 2007.
Bennie Blades and his brother Brian Blades attended Piper High School and played in the football program there.
Philip Schwyzer (born 19 April 1970) is an American author and Professor of Renaissance Literature and Culture at Exeter University. Raised in Carmel-by-the-Sea, California, Dr. Schwyzer received his undergraduate and doctoral degrees from the University of California, Berkeley. He also holds an M.Phil from Lincoln College, Oxford.
Blane Gaison played college football at UH from 1976 to 1980, starting at defensive back. He was included on the University of Hawaii Centurion's list with the description, ``Steering the defense from his safety position, Gaison was a coach on the field. Number 11's intelligence and versatility provided Rainbow Warriors fans with some of their greatest memories. He received All America, All Western Athletic Conference and Academic All Western Athletic Conference honors in 1980. Gaison was also recognized with Most Valuable Player honors at the 1980 Hula Bowl along with Kenny Easley.
Jennette Bradley (born October 2, 1952), her family would settle in a neighborhood on Columbus' east side, after her father retired from the United States Army. Bradley graduated from East High School in 1970. Upon graduation, Bradley attended Wittenberg University in Springfield, Ohio, and would earn a degree in psychology. Bradley would take a job with the Columbus Metropolitan Housing Authority, which she would later be promoted to head of the authority when she was twenty-eight years old. In 1986, Bradley moved to Washington, D.C. Bradley would move back to Columbus in 1989 and work for Huntington National Bank.
Born to W. H. Helm of Dumfries, Alexander Knox Helm was educated at Dumfries Academy.
Florian Znaniecki was born on January 15, 1882 in Świetniki, Russian Empire. He studied in Geneva, Zurich, and Paris, and obtained his PhD at the Jagiellonian University in Kraków. Znaniecki came to Chicago in the United States in 1914 and returned to the Second Polish Republic in 1920 to accept the first Polish chair in sociology at the University in Poznań. There he organized the Polish Sociological Institute (Polish Polski Instytut Socjologii) and began publishing The Polish Sociological Review (Polish Polski Przegląd Socjologiczny). Keeping in touch with American sociologists, he lectured at Columbia University in New York in 1931-1933 and during the summer of 1939.
Nicola Salmoria is an Italian software developer. He is the original developer of MAME, an emulator application designed to recreate the hardware of arcade game systems in software. In December 2002, he graduated from the University of Siena with a laurea in mathematics, with a thesis written about MAME.
Harris was born in London, one of three sons of late Irish actor Richard Harris and his first wife, Welsh actress Elizabeth Rees-Williams. His younger brother is actor Jamie Harris, and his older one director Damian Harris. From 1971 to 1975, actor Rex Harrison was married to his mother. He earned a BFA from Duke University in 1984.
The 2007 Colorado State Rams football team represented Colorado State University in the college football 2007 NCAA Division I FBS football season. They played their home games at Sonny Lubick Field at Hughes Stadium in Fort Collins, CO and were led by head coach Sonny Lubick in his final season at CSU. The Rams finished the season 3--9 (2--6 MWC) for eighth place in the Mountain West Conference.
Robert P. Burroughs (d. June 10, 1994), son of Sherman Everett Burroughs, graduated from Manchester High School in 1917. He attended Dartmouth College and earned a master's degree in business administration in 1922. Burroughs was a businessman in Manchester, New Hampshire. He specialized in designing pension plans for corporations. He was also active in Republican politics. He served as committeeman from New Hampshire for the Republican National Committee during the 1940s and actively supported Dwight D. Eisenhower during the 1952 and 1956 presidential campaigns. In late 1953 he sponsored a nation-wide poll to determine voter satisfaction with the policies of the Eisenhower administration. Burroughs was appointed to represent the U.S. at independence ceremonies in the Cameroons in 1959 and at the inauguration of the president of Liberia in 1960. He also served on the Board of Directors of the Panama Canal Company during the Eisenhower administration.
Philip Pickett began as a trumpet player.He played trumpet while student at Marling School, Stroud , Glos. He met Antony Baines and David Munrow who encouraged him to try early woodwind instruments such as the recorder, shawm and rackett. ) He studied at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama in London . He was forced to give up the trumpet after being kicked in the mouth while being assaulted on the London Underground at the end of his first year there. In 1972 he became Professor of Recorder and Historical Performance, a post he held for 25 years. He has played for the Academy of St. Martin-in-the-Fields, The English Concert, the English Chamber Orchestra, the London Mozart Players and many other orchestras.
Benny Begin was born in Jerusalem to Aliza and Menachem Begin. He studied geology at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. After completing his undergraduate and graduate studies, he worked for the Geological Survey of Israel. He completed his doctorate in geology at Colorado State University in 1978.
Lourdino Barreto - dubbed ``the best musicologist East of Suez'' http://www.goa-world.com/goa/music/lourdino.htm at a World Congress for choir conductors held in Rome - was born on February 11, 1938, in Galgibaga in South Goa. He studied at the Pontifical Institute of Sacred Music and the National Conservatory in Rome and graduated with distinction in Gregorian chant, composition and piano. He later earned a doctorate for his thesis titled: 'Aesthetic Indian Music as a bridge between Christian and Indian Religious Music'.
Aaron Brown (born November 10, 1948) is an American broadcast journalist most recognized for his coverage of the September 11, 2001 attacks, his first day on air at CNN. He was a longtime reporter for ABC, the founding host of ABC's World News Now, weekend anchor of World News Tonight and the host of CNN's flagship evening program NewsNight with Aaron Brown. He is currently the anchor of the PBS documentary series Wide Angle and an instructor at the Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication at Arizona State University.
Among the kidnappers were Canadians David Spencer, a student at Simon Fraser University in British Columbia and Christine Lamont, also a student at Simon Fraser University.
Miroslav Marcovich (March 18, 1919 - June 14, 2001) was a philologist and university professor. Marcovich was born in Belgrade. He studied at the University of Belgrade Faculty of Philosophy graduating in 1942. In 1943 he served as the assistant to Georg Ostrogorsky, expert in Byzantine studies. He served in the army under Josip Broz Tito during World War II between 1944 and 1946. In 1953 he traveled to India where he began working at Visva-Bharati University. In 1955 he moved to Mérida and worked as a professor of Ancient Greek and philosophy from 1955 to 1962 at the University of the Andes, Venezuela. In 1962, he taught at the University of Bonn invited by Hans Herter. Between 1963 and 1968 he taught at the University of Cambridge. He then moved in 1969 to the University of Illinois, Urbana, where he was the Head of the Department of Classics (1973--77), and taught there until his retirement in 1989. He also founded ``Illinois Classical Studies'' (Scholars Press) and served as its editor for 12 years. During those years he was a visiting professor at the University of Michigan, University of North Carolina, Trinity College, Dublin, and was an Einstein Visiting Fellow in Tel Aviv. During his lifetime Marcovich wrote and edited 45 books, including critical editions of the fragments of Heraclitus, the works of Diogenes Laertius and the Bhagavad-Gita and 248 articles and essays in Spanish, German, Italian, French and Serbo-Croatian. He died June 14, 2001 at the Carle Foundation Hospital, Urbana, Illinois.
Cliffard D. Carlson (December 30, 1915 -- August 28, 1977) was a U.S. Representative from Illinois. Carlson was born and raised in Aurora, Illinois, and attended North Central College and received his B.A. from the University of New Mexico in 1939. After serving in the United States Naval Reserve, he entered business as a manufacturer. Carlson served as a delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1960, 1964, and 1968, and was an Illinois Republican Central Committeeman
Joseph Pitty Couthouy (6 January 1808 -- 4 April 1864) was an American naval officer, conchologist, and invertebrate palaeontologist. Born in Boston, Massachusetts, he entered the Boston Latin School in 1820. He married Mary Greenwood Wild on 9 March 1832.
Stephanie Davis was born and raised in Montana, where she obtained a degree in journalism from the University of Montana in Missoula. After stints in Alaska and California, where she played in numerous bands and worked a variety of jobs, she moved to Nashville to further pursue her songwriting and music passions. Her first official cut as a songwriter was the song ``Wolves'', recorded by Garth Brooks on his No Fences release. Brooks also recorded several more of Stephanie's songs (``The Gift'', ``Learning to Live Again'', ``We Shall Be Free''). He also invited her to be his opening act in 1993. Stephanie and Garth remain friends and collaborators and she continues to occasionally join his road band. Stephanie released an album for Asylum Records in 1993. Dissatisfied with the recording and the factory-like mentality of the Nashville record industry at the time, she moved back to Montana and purchased a small ranch, writing with renewed enthusiasm and purpose from a 100-year-old homestead cabin. The result was her self-produced, well-received Crocus In The Snow. During this period NPR's radio program A Prairie Home Companion came to broadcast from Butte, Montana and Stephanie was asked to appear on the show. Both being tall and shy, Stephanie and Garrison Keillor hit it off immediately and Stephanie continues to be an occasional guest on PHC. The experience inspired her explore comedy and to write and produce her own Trail's End Ranch Radio show, which debuted in 2009 at the National Cowboy Poetry Gathering in Elko, Nevada. Stephanie has recently moved to Bozeman, Montana, where she continues to write, tour, and record, as well as pursue her passions for playing the Telecaster guitar and running marathons.
Alan Muntz was the son of Major Irving Muntz and Jessie Challoner. He was educated at Winchester College and Trinity College, Cambridge, gaining a BA in Mechanical Sciences. In 1918, during World War I, he served in France as a 2nd Lieutenant with the 432nd Field Company, Royal Engineers. In 1927, he learned to fly in an Avro 548 of the Henderson School of Flying at Brooklands aerodrome.
Eve was born in London, England, the daughter of actors Trevor Eve and Sharon Maughan. She has two younger brothers, Jack and George. Eve is of English, Welsh, and Irish descent. She attended Bedales School and then took her A-Levels at Westminster School in London. During her gap year, she studied at the Beverly Hills Playhouse and then read English at St Catherine's College, Oxford. While at Oxford, she appeared in student productions of An Ideal Husband, Animal Crackers (which toured to the Edinburgh Fringe Festival), Scenes from an Execution and The Colour of Justice.
Born in Glasgow on 23 July 1903, David Henderson subsequently attended the Hamilton Academy, described by Sir Tam Dalyell, former Father of the House of Commons, as ``a remarkable school'' with ``a formidable academic reputation.'' Matriculating at the University of Glasgow, reading agricultural bacteriology and enrolling at the West of Scotland Agricultural College, Henderson graduated in 1926, subsequently being appointed a lecturer in bacteriology at King's College, Durham University, where, in 1930, he was awarded an MSc degree for his work on anaerobic infection in lambs. In the same year he married his first wife, Beatrice Mary Davenport Abell, daughter of Sir Westcott Abell, K.B.E., the celebrated naval architect and surveyor, and Professor of Naval Architecture at Armstrong College, an affiliated college of the University of Durham. In 1931, awarded a Carnegie Research Fellowship, Henderson embarked on research at the Lister Institute of Preventative Medicine, London, and was subsequently awarded a Beit Memorial Research Fellowship for the years 1932-35. In 1934 Henderson was to be awarded a PhD from the University of London for his thesis, ''Studies on the spore-bearing anaerobes with experiments on active and passive immunity. ``
Jai Krishna was born on jan 27, 1912 at Muzaffarnagar, in UP state. He got Bachelor in Science degree from Agra college and then studied engineering at Thomason College of Civil Engineering (now University of Roorkee) passing with honours in 1935. As a student Jai Krishna won awards like Thomason Prize, Cautley Gold Medal and Calcott Reilly Memorial Gold Medal. He received his Doctoral Degree in Civil Engineering from University of London.
Rick Lindquist (born 1978) is an American mixed media artist. He was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota and grew up mainly in the southwest suburb of Hopkins, where he graduated from Hopkins High School in 1997. He attended the University of Minnesota from 1997-1999, and later enrolled and attended the College of Visual Arts in St. Paul, Minnesota. His work is currently a part of public and private galleries in more than 12 countries. View Art Porfolio
Didier Henry (born 24 May 1953) is a French baritone. He studied at the Conservatoire de Paris before joining the Opéra National de Lyon. He is well-known for his French opera roles, including those by Massenet, Gounod, Debussy, and Ravel. He also starred in a notable recording of Prokofiev's The Love for Three Oranges in French, under conductor Kent Nagano. The baritone is regularly invited on international stages, as often for lyrical productions than for concerts or recitals.
David Rimmer studied economics and mathematics at the University of British Columbia and graduated in 1963. For the next two years he traveled around the world which lead him to decide that he was not interested on pursuing a career in business. When he returned to Canada in 1965 he did a make-up year at the University of British Columbia in order to receive a degree in English. In 1967 he took a short filmmaking course from Stan Fox, a producer at CBC. With Fox's support and a supply of rough film stock from CBC, he made his first film, Knowplace, which was broadcast on CBC. Inspired by Stan Brakhage's films and writings, he made his first important experimental films, Square Inch Field and Migration, in 1968 and 1969 respectively.
Nathan Haskell Dole (August 31, 1852 -- May 9, 1935) was an American editor, translator, and author. He attended Phillips Academy, Andover, and graduated from Harvard University in 1874. He was a writer and journalist in Philadelphia, New York, and Boston. He translated many works of Leo Tolstoy, and books of other Russians; novels of the Spaniard Armando Palacio Valdés (1886--90); a variety of works from the French and Italian.
Erik Fleming is an American cinema and TV director and producer. He is a graduate of USC School of Cinematic Arts. He is mostly known for creating the 1994 experimental short film, The Silver Surfer, which portrayed the famous character in CGI.
John Howard received a doctor of medicine degree from Loyola University in 1974 (cum laude). To this he added a Master of Occupational Health from the Harvard School of Public Health in 1982. In 1986, Dr. Howard earned a Juris Doctor from the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), and a Master of Laws in Administrative Law and Economic Regulation from The George Washington University in 1987. In addition, Dr. Howard is a board-certified occupational physician and has written numerous papers on occupational health law and policy.
Edward Buttrey is a Republican member of the Montana Legislature. He was elected to Senate District 13, representing Great Falls, Montana, in 2011. Buttrey received an Electrical Engineer degree from Montana State University. He is a volunteer firefighter and volunteer football coach.
Henry Fan Hung Ling, SBS, JP (; born June 1948 in Shanghai with family roots in Ningbo, Zhejiang) was the managing director of CITIC Pacific and the vice-chairman of Cathay Pacific Airways. He was the non-official member of Executive Council of Hong Kong from 2007 to 2009. He is the elder brother of Fanny Law, a former Hong Kong Government official. He was graduated from University of Hong Kong and Peking University.
He was born William Holwell in Exeter, Devon the son of Edward Holwell, an apothecary, and educated from 1776 at Exeter College, Oxford, where he graduated BA in 1783, MA in 1784 and BD in 1790, remaining as a Fellow until 1793, though apparently spending most of his time on art.
Lily Strickland was born in Anderson, South Carolina, of parents Charlton Hines Strickland and his wife Teresa Hammond Reed. When her father died, the family moved into the home of her grandparents, Judge and Mr. J. Pinckney Reed. Strickland began studying piano at age six and began composing in her teens. She studied piano and composition at Converse College and in 1905 received a scholarship to study at the Institute of Musical Arts (later Juilliard) in New York City.
John Hamilton Reynolds (1796--1852) was an English solicitor and poet. John Hamilton was the son of George Hamilton, writing master at Christ's Hospital. Though Reynolds attended Christ's Hospital years after its most famous sons Coleridge, Lamb, and Leigh Hunt, he later became part of the literary circles of London in which they all socialized.
Born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the son of painters William Thompson Russell Smith and Mary Priscilla Wilson. Smith was educated at home by his mother, who also gave him drawing lessons. Between 1851 and 1852, he accompanied his parents and sister Mary on the family's tour of Europe. After returning home, he studied chemistry at the University of Pennsylvania, before enrolling at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts. He served in the United States Navy during the American Civil War, helping to maintain the blockade of Charleston, South Carolina. He saw little action, and sketched hundreds of ships in a variety of media, including pencil and oil paint, both for official purposes and for his own pleasure. Smith did not actually participate in most of the battles he illustrated; instead, he generally consulted those who were present at the engagements. His first major work, The Monitor and the Merrimack -- 1869, oil on canvas, 30 x 66 inches (76.2 x 167.6 cm.), Union League of Philadelphia -- was critically acclaimed. It was followed by The Kearsarge and the Alabama -- 1869, oil on canvas, 21 x 36 inches (53.3 x 91.4 cm.), Debra Force Fine Art, Inc., New York, NY.
After receiving his PhD in 1971, Claude Steele got his first job as an Assistant Professor of Psychology for two years at the University of Utah in Salt Lake City, Utah, and then moved to the University of Washington in Seattle, Washington for 14 years, receiving tenure in 1985. In 1987, he moved to the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, Michigan, where he was Professor of Psychology for four years, during the latter two of which he simultaneously held the position of Research Scientist in Univ. of Michigan's Institute for Social Research. In 1991, he moved to Stanford University in Palo Alto, California, where he was Professor of Psychology for 18 years, receiving the title of Lucie Stern Professor in the Social Sciences in 1997. During his 18 years at Stanford, he also served as Chair of the Department of Psychology for three years (1997--2000), Director of the Center for Comparative Studies in Race and Ethnicity for three years (2002--2005), and Director of the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences for four years (2005--2009), among various other positions (see Teaching and Administrative Appointments, below). In 2009, he left Stanford to become the 21st Provost and Chief Academic Officer at Columbia University in Manhattan, New York for two years, where he was responsible for faculty appointments and tenure recommendations, along with overseeing financial planning and budgeting. In 2011, he left Columbia and returned back to Stanford, where he is currently the I. James Quillen Dean for the School of Education.
Hamad ibn Isa Al Khalifa was born on 28 January 1950 in Riffa, Bahrain. His parents were Isa bin Salman Al Khalifa who in 1950 was the Crown Prince and Hessa bint Salman Al Khalifa. After attending Manama Secondary School in Bahrain, Hamad was sent to England to complete the remainder of his education. He attended Applegarth College in Godalming, Surrey before taking a place at The Leys School in Cambridge. Hamad then underwent military training, first with the British Army at Mons Officer Cadet School at Aldershot in Hampshire, graduating in September 1968. Four years later in June 1972 Hamad attended the United States Army Command and General Staff College at Fort Leavenworth in Kansas, graduating the following June with a degree in leadership.
Brian Josephson attended Cardiff High School and then Cambridge University, where he gained a BA in 1960. Whilst an undergraduate, he became notorious as a brilliant and self-assured student. A former lecturer remembers the importance of being particularly precise if addressing a class that included Josephson; if a mistake was made, Josephson would not be afraid to politely point it out after the lecture. As an undergraduate he published a paper in which he calculated a thermal correction to the Mössbauer effect that reconciled previously different measurements of gravitational red shifts reported by teams in the US and UK. After completing his undergraduate degree he continued to study at Cambridge, and in 1964 was awarded his PhD in physics. In the 1970s he learned Transcendental Meditation.
Jeff Hand (born July 26, 1970) is an American football coach. He is currently the head football coach at Westminster College in New Wilmington, Pennsylvania, a position he has held since the 2005 season. Hand served as the head football coach at Benedictine University from 1999 to 2000 and at Waynesburg University from 2001 to 2004. A native of Ellwood City, Pennsylvania, he graduated from Clarion University of Pennsylvania in 1992.
He learned guitar and mandolin from members of his family and sang in a local choir in Yelets. There he also played in a local orchestra and learned the piano. As a teenager he moved to Moscow. From 1929 to 1932, he studied composition at the Gnessin State Musical College under Mikhail Gnessin and Yefraim Gelman. From 1932 to 1936, he attended the Moscow Conservatory. There he studied composition under Vissarion Shebalin and piano under Heinrich Neuhaus. As a student, he wrote and played his Piano Concerto No. 1, and his graduation piece was the Symphony No. 1. His first symphony was conducted by Leopold Stokowski. He became popular with the series of songs and serenades that he composed for the 1936 production of Much Ado About Nothing at the Vakhtangov Theatre in Moscow.
She was born in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California to actors George O'Brien and Marguerite Churchill and began her studies with Milton Kestenbaum, former principal bass of the Pittsburgh Symphony under Fritz Reiner and member of the NBC Symphony under Arturo Toscanini, and with Herman Reinshagen, assistant-principal bass of the New York Philharmonic under Gustav Mahler and Arturo Toscanini at the University of California, Los Angeles. She continued her studies at the Juilliard School in New York City with Frederick Zimmermann, assistant principal double bass of the New York Philharmonic for many of his 36 years there.
Christie Ambrosi (born 1976) is an American softball player and Olympic champion. She attended high school at Blue Valley Northwest High School in Overland Park, Kansas.
Horner was educated at Arnold Lodge School in Leamington and then Warwick School. He has two brothers, Jamie and Guy. He has an 'unofficial' fan club called 'The Christian Horner Fan Club', known collectively as The Hornettes.
The son of George Langdon, a teacher at The Episcopal Academy in Merion, Pennsylvania, John Langdon attended that school from 1950-1964. He received his bachelor's degree in English from Dickinson College, graduating in 1968. A self-taught artist and graphic designer, Langdon has free-lanced as a lettering artist and logo design specialist since 1976. Known for his ambigrams, which he began developing in the late 1960s and early 70s, Langdon featured those and his essays in the book Wordplay, published in 1992. Langdon is known mostly through his association with Dan Brown, and the novels Angels and Demons, The Da Vinci Code, and The Lost Symbol. The protagonist of these novels was named Robert Langdon as a tribute to John Langdon, and he will continue to be so for his next 12 books, an estimate given by Dan Brown himself.
Jason Bredle (February 16, 1976 -- ) is an American poet. Born in Indianapolis, he received degrees in English and Spanish from Indiana University and an MFA from the University of Michigan, where he was the recipient of a Hopwood Award. He co-manages a translation agency and lives in Chicago, Illinois.
John Norton Pomeroy (1828--1885) was an American lawyer and legal writer, born in Rochester, N. Y., where he practiced law for many years following his graduation from Hamilton College (1847) and his admittance to the state bar in 1851. He interrupted his law practice from 1864 to 1868 to serve as professor of law and political science and dean of the law school at New York University. He returned to the private practice of law in Rochester until 1878 prior to moving to California where he served as professor of municipal law at the University of California (1878-85). He edited Sedgwick's Statutory and Constitutional Law (1874) and Archbold's Criminal Law (1876). His writings include:
Brandon Bing (born August 8, 1989) is an American football cornerback for the New York Giants of the National Football League. He was signed by the Denver Broncos as an undrafted free agent in 2011. He played college football for Rutgers University. He attended Cheltenham High School and received a track scholarship, and walked on to the football team.
Laskowski attended Rockledge High School in Rockledge, Florida and was a letterwinner in football, wrestling, and baseball. In football, he was an All-Conference honoree and an All-State honoree. In wrestling, he was a two-time State Qualifier. In baseball, he won All-Conference honors. Chris Laskowski graduated from Rockledge High School in 2000.
Fox was born in Chelsea, London, United Kingdom, the son of Robin Fox, a theatrical agent, and Angela Muriel Darita Worthington, an actress and writer. He is the elder brother of actor James Fox and film producer Robert Fox, and an uncle of actor Laurence Fox. His paternal great-grandfather was the industrialist and inventor Samson Fox, and his paternal grandmother was Hilda Hanbury, sister of the stage performer Lily Hanbury. His maternal grandfather was the dramatist Frederick Lonsdale, and his maternal grandmother was the daughter of football player and stockbroker Charles Morice. He was educated at Harrow School in northwest London and served as a lieutenant in the Coldstream Guards, a regiment of the British Army.
Jeff Dugan attended Central Catholic High School, where NFL quarterbacks Dan Marino and Marc Bulger attended.
Barney Lewis Chavous (born March 22, 1951 in Aiken, South Carolina) is a former American football defensive end/defensive tackle in the NFL. He played his entire thirteen year career with the Denver Broncos from 1973-1985. He ranks third on the Broncos' all-time sacks list with 75 and is tied with Tom Jackson for third in Broncos' career starts with 177. He attended South Carolina State University. Mr. Chavous married Odessa Key, of Aiken, SC.
He studied cinematography at the California Institute of the Arts from 1988 to 1991. His mentor was Kris Malkiewicz; he later collaborated with him on the Third Edition of Cinematography. By the time he entered CalArts, he was 27 years old and well versed in the technical side of cinematography, having learnt everything he could from the UCLA film library.
Karen Russell is a Seattle attorney, television pundit, and political strategist, and a graduate of Mercer Island High School, Georgetown University and Harvard Law School. She is the daughter of basketball legend Bill Russell.
Douglas P. Mulholland was educated at Michigan State University, receiving a B.A. in 1955 and an M.A. in 1956. After college, he joined the Central Intelligence Agency. In 1978, he became Director of the CIA's Office of Current Operations. In 1979, he became an Inspector in the Central Intelligence Agency Office of Inspector General, a post he held until 1982. From 1982 to 1987, he was Special Assistant to the United States Secretary of the Treasury for National Security.
As a young man Leslie studied architecture at the University of Cincinnati. He graduated with high honors. After graduation and the deaths of both his parents in 1867, George gave up his architecture business, closed the family brewery, and moved to New York. Searching for something more exciting and challenging, he joined the criminal underground. For 10 years he was the most successful bank robber in New York state and was perhaps one of the most notorious in U.S. history. By 1874 he was at the head of the most successful gang of bankrobbers known. However, his involvement in these robberies was not known until after his death in 1878. As members of his gang were caught, they told police who had masterminded the robberies. Until then, George Leonidas Leslie lived a life among the rich and famous of his day.
Born at Ballynahatty, Belfast, the son of Cuthbert Pounder, Rafton Pounder was educated at Charterhouse and at Christ's College, Cambridge, where he was Chairman of the Conservative Association (CUCA).
Nicholas Ostler (born 20 May 1952) is a British scholar and author. Ostler studied at Balliol College, Oxford, where he received degrees in Greek, Latin, philosophy, and economics. He later studied under Noam Chomsky at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he earned his Ph.D. in linguistics and Sanskrit.
Anil Kapoor was born in Tilak Nagar, Mumbai, to film producer Surinder Kapoor and his wife Nirmal. He attended Our Lady of Perpetual Succour High School - Chembur, in the Chembur suburb of Mumbai and then St. Xavier's College, Mumbai. Kapoor's elder brother, Boney Kapoor, is a film producer while younger brother Sanjay Kapoor is also an actor.
Kenneth Keshavan Maslak was born in downtown Detroit, Michigan to a family of Ukrainian immigrants who worked at the Ford Motor Company. Kenny began studying music from his grandfather at the age of five on the mandolin, and then started on the clarinet and saxophone at the age of six. He began working professionally from the age of 12. While attending Cass Technical High School, Kenny became a student of Larry Teal and Donald Sinta. After high school Maslak studied music and psychology at the University of Michigan, Eastern Michigan University and North Texas State University where he studied music composition with Martin Mailman in the late 1960s. Following this he played with Motown touring bands and many other jazz and R&B bands. After two years living in San Francisco and playing with Charles Moffett, Ray Anderson and David Murray, Maslak moved to New York City in 1972 and participated in the New York loft scene during the 1970s, performing his compositions frequently at Studio Rivbea, Ladies' Fort, Maslak Gallerxy and The Kitchen. At The Kitchen he performed with experimental musicians such as Garrett List, Rhys Chatham, Philip Glass, Laurie Anderson and associated with John Cage. During that period he developed his conceptual style of musical performance which he refers to as Multiplexmulti. Kenny also invented the Hum Ha Horn which he recorded with on some of his early LP releases. From 1978 to 1981 Maslak lived in Europe, where he played in avant-garde jazz circles with groups such as Instant Composer's Pool and recorded several titles for Leo Records and Black Saint Records. He also formed a punk rock-free jazz group, Loved by Millions, in which he began to use the pseudonym Kenny Millions. He returned to New York, then moved to Florida in 1987. In 1989 he and his wife became restaurateurs and opened up Sushi Blues Cafe and then afterwards Cafe Jamm. During the 1990s Kenny collaborated with Paul Bley, Katsuyuki Itakura, Umezu Kazutoki and Sergey Kuryokhin. Other credits include work with Sam Rivers, Sunny Murray, Frank Wright, Marty Cook, Otomo Yoshihide, Roland Kirk, Misha Mengelberg, Han Bennink, Peter Brötzmann, Derek Bailey, Dr. John, Mick Taylor, Larry Coryell, Stan Getz, Chet Baker, Eddie Kirkland and Frank ``Rat Bastard'' Falestra at various times during his career.
Ross was born in Camden, London, England on 17 November 1960, a son of British actress and radio presenter Martha Ross. He grew up in Leytonstone and is the brother of journalist, television editor, and media personality Paul Ross; TV producer/actor Miles Ross; TV producer Simon Ross, and music industry professional Adam Ross. He was educated at Norlington School for Boys, a comprehensive school at the same time as his elder brother Paul, and at Leyton County High School for Boys, a comprehensive school. He also attended Southampton College of Art, now known as Southampton Solent University I've removed this line as Ross recently said in an interview that this Wikipedia statement is untrue --> He then studied Modern European History at the School of Slavonic and East European Studies, University of London; he was made a Fellow of UCL (into which SSEES was absorbed) in 2006.
Sue Ennis and composer Hummie Mann have written a musical called ``A Slaying Song Tonight'' with Minneapolis-based playwright John Olive. In 2009, she and Mr. Olive received a commission from the prestigious Seattle Children's Theatre to write a musical adaptation of the beloved children's book ``Art Dog'' by Thacher Hurd. (Debuting Fall 2011)
Cardinal Otto Truchsess von Waldburg funded his education at a young age. Pope Julius III provided Antoniani with room and board at the Apostolic Palace. He met Ercole II d'Este, Duke of Ferrara, who sponsored his studies at the University of Ferrara, where Antoniani earned a doctorate in civil and canon law in 1556, and was professor of classical literature.
He was born on December 28, 1879 in Norfolk, Virginia to Warren Grice Elliott (1848-1906) and Margaret Blow. His father was president of the Atlantic Coast Line Railroad. He graduated from the University of Virginia in 1902.
T. Ramachandran, (25 October 1944 - 26 July 2000), better known as T.R., his initials under which he wrote fiction, is considered a harbinger of high modernism in Malayalam. He was born in Thrippunithura and his parents were Mannur Madhathil Raman Nambiar and Kochu Madhathil Savithri Brahmani Amma. T.R. had his school education in Edappally, Kodungallur and Thrippunithura. He graduated in zoology from St. Albert's College, Kochi (old spelling: Cochin), but, did his masters in English Literature from Sacred Heart College, also in Kochi. He joined the State Bank of India as an officer; but, later, he gave up the bank job for a career in teaching English Literature. T.R. started writing short-fiction from 1969. Korunnyotathu Komutti, Naam Naalayute NanakkEdu and Jassakkine Kollaruthu are his well-known works of fiction. T.R. also interviewed Gunther Grass when he visited Kochi in 1975. His book Chitrakalayum Cherrukathayum is study on the art of writing and painting. His death came suddely in Kochi, when he was having his morning walk. D.C. Books, Kottayam posthumously brought out his complete works of fiction in one volume.
He was born in London, England, the eldest of five sons of James Carmichael Smyth and Mary Holyland. He attended Charterhouse School, and his father later sent him to be educated at the Royal Military Academy in Woolwich, where he graduated in 1793.
Richard Curwin was born on May 25, 1944 in Cambridge, MA and grew up in Brookline, MA where he attended Brookline High School. He received his B.A. in English at University of Massachusetts Amherst. He got his MA in Education at Boston State College (now known as University of Massachusetts Boston) and then returned to University of Massachusetts in Amherst, where he received his Ed.D. He taught seventh grade English and a class for emotionally disturbed children, and later served as a professor of education at State University of New York at Geneseo, National Technical Institute for the Deaf (where he was chairman of the Instructional Improvement Program), and San Francisco State University.
George Barlow is an American poet. He graduated from California State University, East Bay, and from the University of Iowa with an M.A. in American Studies and an M.F.A. George Barlow currently teaches at Grinnell College.
Henry Cohen (1922--1999) was the director of Föhrenwald, the third largest Displaced Persons camp in the American sector of post-WWII Germany in 1946. A native of New York City and a child of Jewish immigrants from the Vilna area of Lithuania, Cohen was a graduate of City College of New York. During World War II he served as an infantryman in the U.S. Army, and was 23 years old when he was appointed Director of Föhrenwald.
Donald James Winslow was born in 1911, the third of four children of Guy Winslow, president of Lasell Junior College in Auburndale, Massachusetts. His father was a trustee of Tufts College and a friend of John Cousens, who would become president of Tufts. During his childhood, he met guests who spoke at Lasell such as the poet Robert Frost. He graduated from Newton High School in 1929, and was admitted to Tufts, earning a BA in English in 1934 and an MA in English in 1935. He began teaching in the Boston University department of English in 1936, first as a teaching fellow and then as an instructor. He earned a PhD from the University in 1942, and then joined US Army Air Corps Weather Service, serving there until 1946.
Ibrahim Kabia (born 28 July 1986) is a Sierra Leonean sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres. He attended the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis, MN. He ran for five years, redshirting his freshman year due to injury.
After his political career, Ross was associate editor of the African Agricultural World from 1927 to 1929, and was postmaster general from 1928 until his death. A Presbyterian, Samuel Alfred Ross was educated at Lincoln University in Pennsylvania during the late 1880s. Ross died on December 10, 1929, in Liberia.
Carter studied at the Maryland Institute College of Art, earning a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in 1992. He then studied at the Skowhegan School of Painting and Sculpture in 1994, and the University of California, Davis, earning an MFA degree in 1997.
Laird A. Thompson (born 6 September 1947), is a professor of astronomy at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. Thompson graduated with a B.A. in both physics and astronomy from the University of California, Los Angeles in 1969. He received his Ph.D. in astronomy from the University of Arizona in 1974. He is professionally associated with the International Astronomical Union, the American Astronomical Society, the Astronomical Society of the Pacific, the International Society for Optical Engineering, and has served as an adjunct member of the Center for Adaptive Optics.
Steven Alexander is an American filmmaker born in London, England, immigrated to New York City in the 1980s. He holds a Bachelors of Science degree in Legal Studies from John Jay College of Criminal Justice, attended City College of New York Film School before eventually getting his MFA from New York University Tisch School of Film and Television. Steven is married to Jeanette Goodwin-Alexander. They both share their time in Santa Monica, California and Wellington, New Zealand. Steven appeared in ``Mutual Love Life'', ``Del Fuego'' Produced ``The Man From Earth'' and Wrote, Directed, and Produced ``Behavior'' and has Directed numerous Music Videos and Commercials.
Maria Teresa Luengo was born in Quilmes, Buenos Aires, Argentina, and graduated from the Pontifical Catholic University of Argentina in Buenos Aires in 1969, where she studied with Alberto Ginastera, Luis Gianneo, Juan Francisco Giacobbe, Roberto Caamaño and Gerardo Gandini. In 1973 she was awarded a scholarship that allowed her to contintue her studies in electro-acoustic music with Francisco Krópfl, Gerardo Gandini, Femando Von Reichenbach, Gabriel Bmcyc, and Peter Maxwell Davies at the Center of Art and Communication (CAYC). During this time she was invited to participate in a year-long seminar on contemporary music during which she composed The Book of Mirrors.
Estria has been spray painting since 1984. He moved to San Francisco in the early 1980s for college, where he attended both the University of San Francisco and the Academy of Art in San Francisco for a BFA in Illustration. In 1994, he was arrested for graffiti and appeared on CNN, National Enquirer, The San Francisco Chronicle and The San Francisco Examiner. The coverage served as a platform for him to speak on graffiti's social and political impact, which he had already been doing as a lecturer at different universities.
Charles Reade was born at Ipsden, Oxfordshire to John Reade and Anne Marie Scott-Waring; William Winwood Reade the influential historian , was his nephew. He studied at Magdalen College, Oxford, taking his B.A. in 1835, and became a fellow of his college. He was subsequently dean of arts and vice-president, taking his degree of D.C.L. in 1847. His name was entered at Lincoln's Inn in 1836; he was elected Vinerian Fellow in 1842, and was called to the bar in 1843. He kept his fellowship at Magdalen all his life, but after taking his degree he spent most of his time in London.
He watched popular classic television and quiz game shows. Also growing up in the 1940s and 1950s, he was influenced by Cary Grant, Howard Hughes, Buddy Hackett and Bill Cullen. He attended Pasadena High School, where he graduated in 1955. After graduation from high school, he would become one of California's most popular disc jockeys. In 1956, his first radio exposure was at KACY Radio in Oxnard, California. For most of the 1960s, while working the midday shift at KRLA in Pasadena, he was also a producer of concerts, such as The Beatles 1964 and 1965 Hollywood Bowl performances, The Rolling Stones, during the first two years of the American tour. While still in Los Angeles, he also produced such artists as Barry Manilow, The Supremes, Dolly Parton, Bob Dylan, Elton John and Merle Haggard, among others.
Colin Marston (born September 13, 1982) is an American musician and record producer residing in NYC. He graduated from New York University with a Bachelor of Arts degree in music technology in 2004, and runs The Thousand Caves Recording Studios, located in Woodhaven, Queens, while not on tour with one of his four active bands. He is perhaps most famous for fronting the progressive metal band Behold... The Arctopus, in which he plays a Warr guitar, or for his work on bass guitar in the progressive metal trio Dysrhythmia. Marston produces, masters, and mixes for artists such as Genghis Tron, Kayo Dot, Jarboe, Capillary Action, and Orthrelm, as well as his own bands.
The Jerome High School Band has been, officially, nicknamed the ``Ambush of Tigers Marching Unit/Force''. The Ambush has been ranked in the top 10 in Idaho for the past four years. The director of the Band is Mr. Gordon P. Smith. In four years, the Ambush has grown from 44 to 99 members, becoming the fastest growing Marching Band in the Northwest United States. In 2009-2010, the Ambush became the District 4 State Champions, beating the Burley High School ``Burley Bobcat Band'', in two out of three of their competitions, for the award, the first time that the ``Ambush of Tigers'' have ever won the award. The Pep Band has helped the school win the Sportsmanship Award three consecutive years, until the Band and school were beaten out for the award this year, amid controversy, to rival Twin Falls High School Bruins in the IHSAA Girls State Championship Tournament. The Band also lost the Sportsmanship award in the IHSAA Boys State Championship Tournament. Nikki Sixx from the band Mötley Crüe, attended Jerome High School.
Bob Lienhard is a former basketball player at the University of Georgia.
Michael D Snediker is a well known poet and a scholar of American literature and disability theory. He is Queens National Scholar and Associate Professor of American Literature at Queen's University, in Kingston, Ontario. His poetry has appeared in The Cortland Review,1 The Paris Review,2 Blip Magazine, The Beloit Poetry Journal, Blackwarrior Review, Court Green, Crazyhorse, Jubilat, Margie, Pleiades. He has been nominated twice for the prestigious Pushcart Prize. His widely reviewed book Queer Optimism: Lyric Personhood and Other Felicitous Persuasions (University of Minnesota Press, 2008). offers new readings of the poetry of Emily Dickinson, Hart Crane, Elizabeth Bishop, and Jack Spicer. He is currently at work on a new book, on ``The Aesthetics of Disability: American Literature and Figurative Contingency.'' He received his Ph.D in English from The Johns Hopkins University.
Leander Babcock (March 1, 1811 -- August 18, 1864) was a Democratic United States Representative for the 23rd district of New York. He was born in Paris, New York in 1811. Babcock first attended Hamilton College and then transferred to Union College where he was a member of The Kappa Alpha Society and was elected to Phi Beta Kappa, graduating in 1830. Babcock had studied law at Union College and was admitted to the New York bar in 1834. He then moved to Oswego, New York where he practiced law.
William Moseley was born in the Cotswolds village of Sheepscombe, Gloucestershire, England. He is the son of Juliette (née Fleming) and Peter Moseley, a cinematographer. Moseley is the eldest of three children: Daisy (born 1989) and Benjamin Moseley (born 1992). Moseley attended Sheepscombe Primary School from September 1991 to July 1998, and then continued his education at Wycliffe College with final year at Downfield Sixth Form, Stroud (which is part of Marling School and its next door neighbour Stroud High School). He had to repeat upper sixth because he had taken so much time off school while filming The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
Eve Marie Carson (November 19, 1985 -- March 5, 2008) was a student at the University of North Carolina who was shot and killed on the morning of March 5, 2008, in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, United States. She served as Student Body President and was a recipient of the Morehead-Cain Scholarship. Demario James Atwater, a 21-year-old resident of Durham, North Carolina was charged with her murder, and on May 24, 2010, Atwater pleaded guilty to first-degree murder in a plea bargain agreement that will have him serve two sentences of life in prison without the possibility of parole. A second suspect, 17-year-old Laurence Alvin Lovette Jr., was taken into custody early morning March 13, 2008. Later, investigators also connected Lovette to the January 2008 murder of 29-year-old Duke University engineering student Abhijit Mahato.
Douglas Forsythe Rye (Born November 6, 1950 in Westchester, New York) is a Los Angeles-based voice actor who has done Narration for such notable companies as Bank of America, The Discovery Channel, The Learning Channel, NBC, The Playboy Channel, Qwest, Carl's Jr. and DaimlerChrysler. Rye has been acting since he was a child, he beat out Christopher Reeve for a role in a summer production at The Lawrenceville School, during his four years there. He studied at New York University with the likes of Olympia Dukakis and Lloyd Richards, and during his time there worked alongside Jason Robards III, Melissa Manchester, Michael McKean and Christopher Guest.
Jens Bargmann is Archbishop of Washington, D.C. and Metropolitan of Europe of the Anglo-Lutheran Catholic Church. Archbishop Bargmann was born and raised in Lübeck,Germany. He is a graduate of the German Luftwaffe Academy; the University of the German Federal Armed Forces where he earned a Master's Degree in Education; and the Catholic University of Eichstätt-Ingolstadt, where he earned the degree of Doctor of Philosophy in Ethics and Philosophy.
Hazel Erby graduated from Vashon High School. She then went on to attend Lincoln University and Harris-- Stowe State University. She has since been executive director for the Community Partnership for the Prevention of Drug and Substance Abuse, site director for the Caring Communities Program at Barbara C. Jordan School in University City, and founder of TAP City Program in University City, the program that paired teenagers with senior citizens to assist the seniors with errands and chores. She is a member of the National Council of Negro Women. She is a board member of the Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America.
Early life and education David Weatherall was educated at Calday Grange Grammar School and then graduated from the Medical School at the University of Liverpool in 1956. After house staff training, he joined the Army for 2 years. Returning from military service, he took a fellowship at Johns Hopkins University before returning to Liverpool, where he rose to the rank of Professor of Haematology.
The second son of Thomas Pakenham, 5th Earl of Longford, of the second creation, in the Peerage of Ireland, he was educated at Eton College and New College, Oxford, where, despite having failed to be awarded a scholarship, he graduated with a first-class honours degree in Philosophy, Politics, and Economics. He became a don at Christ Church. At Oxford he met his future wife, Elizabeth Harman, an undergraduate at Lady Margaret Hall.
Peter Kingsley attended Highgate School, in north London, until 1971. He graduated with honours from the University of Lancaster in 1975, and went on to receive the degree of Master of Letters from the University of Cambridge after study at King's College; subsequently, he was awarded a Ph.D. by the University of London.
Famous people from this community's public secondary school, Centerville High School, include actor Gordon Jump and A. J. Hawk, a linebacker for the Green Bay Packers. Centerville native Mike Nugent also played football for Ohio State, and is currently placekicker for the Cincinnati Bengals. A player on the OSU football team, Nick Mangold, now plays for the New York Jets. Mangold attended Archbishop Alter High School in Kettering. Kirk Herbstreit, is a Centerville native, and in 1988 was the Gatorade National High School Player of the Year. He played quarterback at Ohio State before becoming a sports analyst on the ESPN program College Gameday. Andy Harmon, former Philadelphia Eagles star and All-Madden Team Member also hails from Centerville. Comic actor Pat Kilbane is from and has a home in Centerville. Singer Stevie Brock and late poker legend Chip Reese were from Centerville and graduated from Centerville High School.
Edith Kinney Gaylord was born March 5, 1916 in Oklahoma City to parents Inez and E. K. Gaylord. Her father was editor and publisher of The Oklahoman and The Oklahoma City Times. Edith attended Colorado College in Colorado Springs before graduating from Wells College in Aurora, New York in spring of 1939 with a Bachelor of Arts degree.
Kahn grew up in Los Angeles, the son of Hollywood screenwriter Gordon Kahn and Barbara Brodie Kahn. He joined his family in Cuernavaca, Mexico, where his father had fled in the 1950s during the Red Scare, when he was five years old. Ultimately, the family returned to the United States and Kahn graduated magna cum laude from Harvard University. Kahn also holds a masters degree in Slavic studies from Columbia University.
Steven J. Morello's mother was a member of the Sault Tribe of Chippewa Indians in Michigan. Morello was educated at the Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service at Georgetown University, earning a bachelor's degree in 1974. While at Georgetown, from 1972 to 1974, he worked as a Staff Assistant for Sen. Philip Hart (D)-- Mich. He then attending the University of Detroit Mercy, receiving a J.D. in 1977. He later earned a Master of Business Administration degree from Boston University.
TGR was founded by Corey Gavitt, brothers Todd and Steve Jones, and Dirk Collins. Gavitt, the son of legendary basketball coach and ex-Boston Celtics CEO Dave Gavitt, grew up in Providence, Rhode Island and spent summers on Cape Cod. He was a high school all-American lacrosse player and graduated from the University of North Carolina, where he won a national championship. He is a former University of Maryland assistant woman's basketball coach, Boston Celtics scout, and special assistant to the Celtics General Manager. Steve Jones grew up on Cape Cod and spent the weekends skiing in Stowe, Vermont. He graduated from Holderness School in 1987. He later transferred to the University of Montana and graduated from the National Outdoor Leadership School. Brother Todd Jones also grew up on Cape Cod and spent the weekends skiing in Stowe. He is a 1989 graduate of Kimball Union Academy. He attended the University of Montana and graduated from the National Outdoor Leadership School. Dirk Collins, the son of a kayaker, grew up skiing and climbing in the Chugach Mountains of Alaska. He attended high school in Anchorage and completed two years at the University of Alaska Anchorage before moving to Jackson Hole in 1991. The four met skiing and working as commercial fishermen in Alaska.
Northcote was born in London, the son of Reverend the Hon. Arthur Francis Northcote, fourth son of Stafford Northcote, 1st Earl of Iddesleigh. Henry Northcote, 1st Baron Northcote, was his uncle. He was educated at Blundell's School in Tiverton and Balliol College, Oxford. He entered the Colonial Service in 1904 and served in Kenya (formerly East African Protectorate) from 1904 to 1927. He became Chief Secretary of Northern Rhodesia a year later, and served there until 1930. Afterwards, Northcote served as the Chief Secretary of Gold Coast, until 1934 and as Governor and Commander-in-Chief of British Guiana from 1935 to 1937.
As Czaban frequently jokes, he grew up ``on the mean streets of McLean, Virginia'', where he attended Langley High School and Cooper Middle School. His father was a computer-systems analyst for the U.S. Department of Agriculture, and his mother taught elementary school. He received a B.S. in Communications and Political Science in 1990 from University of California, Santa Barbara. While at UCSB he was the radio announcer for the Gauchos' basketball and football teams while also hosting a local sports show. After college, Czaban moved back to his hometown and was hired by Andy Pollin at WTEM-AM (now ESPN 980) to do updates as a part-timer. Then he was on to Chicago for One-On-One Sports Radio Network, where he met Bob and Brian, Charlotte's WFNZ-AM, six months at ESPN Radio and then back to WTEM, where he was finally paired with Pollin on ``The Sports Reporters.'' He hosted GameTime with Steve Czaban on Fox Sports Radio from 2002--2005 and was formerly a guest host on The Jim Rome Show.
D. Sam Abrams, (born 1952 in Beckley, West Virginia), is a poet, translator and critic. He is considered an authority on the Catalan language, and is currently a Professor of contemporary Catalan poetry and literary theory at the Open University of Catalonia. He holds a degree in Hispanic Studies from the Autonomous University of Barcelona..
Chris Terrill is an anthropologist, adventurer, author and filmmaker born in Brighton in 1952. He attended Brighton College 1965--1970, and then went to Durham University where he gained a joint-honours degree in Geography and Anthropology. Between 1976 and 1977 he lived with the remote Acholi Tribe of Southern Sudan where he carried out doctoral research on the impact of civil war on the tribal society before taking up the post of Head of Geography at Rendcomb College in Gloucestershire. In 1983, he left teaching to become a full-time professional anthropologist working for the International Disaster Institute and the UN in Geneva and throughout the famine gripped and war ravaged areas of Africa. Later, and quite by accident, he moved into broadcasting when he went to give an interview to the BBC African Service and was offered a job on the spot. Instantly, he changed careers and became a producer for the BBC World Service specialising in African affairs. After five years in radio he joined BBC television as a documentary producer, making investigative documentaries and observational films about communities all over the world. As a programme maker, Terrill has stayed true to his academic background and has continued to employ anthropological methodology--particularly participant observation. He will embed with communities for months and years if necessary to achieve the necessary trust to make his films or write his books. Indeed, as a Fellow of the Royal Anthropological Institute and the Royal Geographical Society, Terrill is still widely regarded as a practising anthropologist/geographer who uses film as his primary research tool and recording medium in the field.
Raquel Rutledge a Milwaukee native. She graduated from Shorewood High School and the University of Wisconsin-- Milwaukee. Before joining the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel in 2004, she had worked for the Waukesha Freeman and the Colorado Springs Gazette.
Jim Fergus (born 1950) is an American author. He has a degree in English from Colorado College and has worked as a tennis teacher and full-time freelance writer. His first novel was One Thousand White Women: The Journals of May Dodd, which won the 1999 Fiction of the Year Award from the Mountains & Plains Booksellers Association and sold over 250,000 copies in the United States. The French translation was on the French bestseller list for 57 weeks and has sold over 400,000 copies in that country.
Stephen Dixon's career started at Nottingham Trent University where he read for a BA in Broadcast Journalism. Before working for Sky News, Stephen worked for ITN as both a presenter and producer for ITV, NBC Superchannel and then the brand new Channel 5. He also helped work as producer and programme editor on Channel 4 Big Breakfast News and presented on now-defunct finance channel Simply Money with Angela Rippon. Stephen was the first newsreader in the world to report the 7 July 2005 London bombings.
Morgan Green was born in White Plains, Maryland to parents James and Denise Green. He attended Henry E. Lackey High School in Indian Head, Maryland where he was a three-year starter in football. As a sophomore in 2002, he amassed 1,131 rushing yards and 18 touchdowns, the most of any Washington, D.C. area player in his grade. He expressed disappointment with his performance, however, and worked out intensively in the weight room during the offseason.
Charles was part of a Staffordshire family that had traditionally been involved in the pottery industry. He was apprenticed to Doulton in Burslem at age fourteen as a modeller and designer, and trained by Charles Noke. Henry Doulton saw his potential and steered him to the Hanley Art School where he won a scholarship to the Royal College of Art in London. At the RCA he studied sculpture: his years there were from 1905 to 1910, including a travelling scholarship to visit Italy in 1909. In 1911 he became a member of the Royal British Society of Sculptors and married Nell (1892-1967). In 1912 he studied at the Camberwell School of Art.
William Godfrey (25 September 1889 - 22 January 1963) was a Roman Catholic bishop, his highest posting was as Archbishop of Westminster. Born in Liverpool, he was educated at Ushaw College and at the Venerable English College, where he was ordained in 1916, during the First World War. He gained his Doctorate the following year. He then taught at Ushaw for 12 years: Classics, Philosophy and Theology. In 1930 he was appointed Rector of the College where during the next eight years he watched Benito Mussolini's rise to power. He was known affectionately to his students despite his strictness as ''Uncle Bill``. In 1938 he became the first Apostolic Delegate to Great Britain, Gibraltar and Malta and he served in this post with such discretion that in 1953, long after the war, he became Archbishop of Liverpool and in 1956 he was appointed as Archbishop of Westminster. He was created Cardinal two years later. He died in London on 22 January 1963, aged 73.
James Harley (born 1959) is a Canadian composer, author, and professor of music born in Vernon, British Columbia. His creative output consists of orchestral, chamber, solo, electroacoustic, and vocal music. He studied at Western Washington University (B.Mus, magna cum laude, 1977--1982), Royal Academy of Music (1983--1985), Université de Paris (1986--1987), Fryderyk Chopin Academy of Music, Warsaw (1987--1988), and McGill University (D.Mus., 1988--1994). He has taught at the Faculty of Music at McGill University (1989--1995), Wilfrid Laurier University (1995--1996), California Institute of the Arts (1997), University of Southern California (1997), and Minnesota State University Moorhead (1999--2004). In 2004, he took up a tenure-track position in music at University of Guelph, where he is presently Associate Professor. James Harley is also the author of the book ''Xenakis: His Life in Music''. His areas of expertise and specialization include Digital Music, Composition, Contemporary Music Analysis, and History of Electronic/ Computer Music. Music and research by James Harley is represented by Art Music Promotion.
In 2003, Liam Gillick received a joint commission from Frieze Foundation and London Underground Platform for Art programme to create a set of posters to be put in unused spaces at Great Portland Street tube station.
Sanford Myron Zeller (19 October, 1885--4 November, 1948) was an American mycologist. Born in Coldwater, Michigan, Zeller was educated at Lawrence College in Wisconsin, then Greenville College in Illinois, from which he received a Bachelor of Science degree in 1909. He earned his doctorate in botany in 1917 at Washington University in St. Louis, and two years later started a 29-year year stint as a plant pathologist and professor at the Oregon Agricultural Experimental Station in Corvallis, Oregon. He published over 150 scientific papers during his career. Zeller specialized in the gasteroid fungi. Independently, he described 3 orders, 9 families, 7 genera, 81 species, and published 29 new names and combinations, as well as 3 genera, 62 species, and 59 combinations in collaborations with other scientists. Zeller was the associate editor of the scientific journal Phytopathology from 1924 to 1930.
He was born Maximilian Josef Sommer in Greifswald, Germany and was raised in North Carolina, the son of Elisabeth and Clemons Sommer, a professor of art history at the University of North Carolina. He studied at the Carnegie Institute of Technology. He has a daughter, Maria.
Asger Svendsen is a performer and professor of bassoon and chamber music. He was educated at the Royal Danish Academy of Music as a bassoonist and pianist. Apart from teaching at the RDAM he is also professor at the Music Academy in Malmö, where he is in addition leader of the woodwind education.
Jack Beale was awarded an Officer of the Order of Australia (AO) in 1999, and the Centenary Medal in 2001. He received an Honorary Doctor of Laws degree from the Australian National University and an Honorary Doctor of Science degree from the University of New South Wales. The Australian National University established a Jack Beale Chair of Water Resources and the University of New South Wales established an annual Jack Beale Lecture on the Global Environment.
Alan Pipes (born 19 March 1947 in Bury, Lancashire, England) is a British writer on art, product design and graphic design. He studied physics at the University of Surrey, in Battersea and worked in print publishing, notably as Managing Editor of Computer-Aided Design journal (1977--82), published by IPC Science and Technology Press (then Butterworth-Heinemann), and editor of CadCam International (1982--85), published by EMAP, before becoming a freelance writer in 1985.
Frank Liddell (26 June 1862 -- 20 October 1939) was an Australian politician. Born in Maitland, New South Wales, he was educated at Sydney Grammar School and subsequently attended the University of Edinburgh. He returned as a doctor to Maitland, and was elected to West Maitland Council. In 1903, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Free Trade Party member for Hunter, succeeding Prime Minister Edmund Barton, who was retiring. He held the seat until 1910, when he was defeated by future Labor leader Matthew Charlton. Liddell subsequently retired from politics and returned to medicine, practicing in Maitland and Hornsby. He died in 1939.
Born in Madrid to German parents Julius Jonas, a businessman, and Doris Sachse, his musical talents were recognized at an early age. King Alfonso XII of Spain received the young child in a private audience at the Royal Palace of Madrid in 1880 and Jonás was immediately hailed as a prodigy. He initially studied at the Madrid Royal Conservatory with Manuel Mendizábal in piano (Mendizábal had been Isaac Albéniz's piano teacher) and Ciriaco Olave in organ, graduating at the age of 12. For the next six years he travelled and lived in Belgium, England, Germany, and France studying business, in accordance to his parents' desires for a career in finance, and also giving some public performances. At this time, Jonás started also to become a polyglot, mastering fluently the French, Russian, German, English, and Spanish languages.
Sherri Mandell was born in New York and graduated from Cornell University in 1977. She received an M.A. in Creative Writing from Colorado State University and taught writing at the University of Maryland and at Penn State University. She is the author of Writers of the Holocaust and has written for numerous magazines and journals, including The Washington Post, The Denver Post and The Jerusalem Post, as well as Hadassah Magazine. Sherri and her husband Seth currently write a blog at JPost.com.Heart Earned Wisdom
Eugene Herbert Clay (1881--1923) was the mayor of Marietta, Georgia, and one of the ringleaders in the lynching of Leo Frank. He was the son of Senator Alexander S. Clay. Clay attended the University of Georgia, Class of 1903, where he was a member of the Chi Phi Fraternity.
Stephen Stokols received his MBA from UC Berkeley, Haas School of Business in 2002. During this time, Stokols attained two significant fellowships: Haas Venture Capital Fellowship in 2001 and the Price Center Fellowship in 2000.
John Goff Ballentine was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives for Tennessee's 7th congressional district. He was born on May 20, 1825 in Pulaski, Tennessee in Giles County. He graduated from Wurtemberg Academy in 1841, from the University of Nashville in 1845, and from the law department of Harvard University in 1848. He was a member of the faculty of Livingston Law School in New York. He commenced the practice of law in Pulaski.
Thomas Beamish Akins was the son of Thomas Akins, a merchant, and Margaret Ott Beamish. Akins' father was a descendant of the original New England Planters of Falmouth, Nova Scotia settled in 1761; his mother was the daughter of Halifax merchant Thomas Beamish of Port Warden, Nova Scotia. Akins was an only child, his mother having died ten days after his birth, he was raised by her family in Halifax, where he attended Halifax Grammar School. He studied Law and was called to the Nova Scotia bar on 3 May 1831.
Jeremy White is the former drummer for the band The Revolution Smile. His songwriting talents are showcased on The Revolution Smile's album Above the Noise on the song, ``Future of an End''. He has also recorded drums on some tracks with another Sacramento, California based band Mama's Gravy, and was a long time member of the Sacramento based band Nothing. Additionally, he works in Southern California as a songwriter, producer, and studio musician. White earned a Bachelor's Degree in Music from California State University, Sacramento where he was a member of the jazz, orchestral, tabla, and percussion ensembles.
Warren Winiarski (born 1928) is California winemaker. Winiarski was born in a large Polish section of Chicago, Illinois. After graduating from high school, he entered the University of Chicago, then left for a school of agriculture and mining in Colorado, and finally graduated from St. John's College in Annapolis, Maryland, in 1952. Winiarski then returned to the University of Chicago to begin graduate work in political theory, as well as spending a year of study in Naples. He taught at Chicago for six years while working on his Ph.D. Winiarski was inducted into the Culinary Institute of America's Vintner's Hall of Fame in 2009.
Robert Sims is a graduate of Oberlin Conservatory of Music, the State University of New York at Binghamton, Northwestern University, and the American Conservatory of Music. He has also studied at the Music Academy of the West, Chautauqua Musical Institute, and the Oberlin/Urbania Vocal Institute in Urbania, Italy.
Lawrence Poons (born October 1, 1937), better known as Larry Poons, is an abstract painter who was born in Tokyo, Japan. He studied from 1955 to 1957 at the New England Conservatory of Music, with the intent of becoming a professional musician. In 1959, he enrolled at the School of the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, and also studied at the Art Students League of New York.
Francesca Sundsten (Born 1960) is an American artist. Born in Hemet, California, but moved to the Seattle area at the age of three. She has also lived in England, Malaysia, Boston, and San Francisco. She received her Bachelor of Arts degree from San Francisco Art Institute in 1987 and her Master of Fine Arts degree from Stanford University in 1990. She has taught at the Academy of Fine Art, Seattle, WA and drawing & painting at Stanford University.
James Seng started his career at TechNet, the first and only Internet Service Provider in Singapore, in 1993 when he was still a student at the National University of Singapore. Technet was subsequently spun out to become Pacific Internet. In late 1998, he co-founded i-DNS.net and served as the company Chief Technology Officer for 3 years. Under his guidance, the company expanded its presence world-wide.
Hirohito is a researcher of Japanese graves and missionary history in South America with a focus on Peru. He was the Japanese editor for the Japanese-language Peru newspaper Peru Shinpō. He graduated from Kokugakuin University with a degree in Shintō studies. Present studies are devoted to Suika Shintō, a branch of Shintō developed by Yamazaki Ansai, religious sociality, and religious activities of Lafcadio Hearn.
Christian was born Gabrielle Christian Horchler in Washington, D.C. to parents Gabe and Joani. She grew up in Cheverly, Maryland. She began performing in plays at age 12. She has four sisters (Gen, Steph, Jules, Ili). Christian acquired her first acting job while she still attending high school at Eleanor Roosevelt High School located in Greenbelt, Maryland, on the television series Young Americans. She studied one and half years of theater at the University of Pittsburgh, before relocating to Los Angeles, California after landing roles on several television series.
Helidon Gjergji grew up in Tirana, Albania and he graduated at the Academy of Music and Arts of Albaniain Tirana. Later he also got a degree from the Academy of Fine Arts in Naples, Italy. In 2000, he received an M.F.A. from Northwestern University, Chicago. He currently lives between Rome, NYC and Tirana.
His father was Joseph Hall. George Hall was born at Waltham Abbey, Essex, and studied at Exeter College, Oxford, where he became a Fellow. He became vicar of Menheniot and in 1641 archdeacon of Cornwall.
Lenore Barrett (b. June 16, 1934) is a Republican member of the Idaho House of Representatives. Barrett has served in the Idaho House since 1992. Barrett was re-elected in November of 2010 with her term expiring in 2012. Barrett graduated from Oklahoma Baptist University with her Bachelor's degree in 1956. In addition to being a Representative, Barrett is a Director of an a electric co-operative.
Leonard A. Jason (b. 1949) is a professor of psychology at DePaul University in Chicago, Illinois, where he also directs the Center for Community Research. He received a B.A. in psychology from Brandeis University in 1971 and a Ph.D. in psychology from the University of Rochester in 1975. His chief professional interests include the study of chronic fatigue syndrome, smoking, smoking cessation, and Oxford House recovery homes for substance abuse. Jason's interest in chronic fatigue syndrome began when he was diagnosed with the condition in 1990 after having mononucleosis.
Born 1891 in Vienna to Jewish parents, Bernays was a double nephew of psychoanalysis pioneer Sigmund Freud. His father was Ely Bernays, brother of Freud's wife Martha Bernays. His mother was Freud's sister, Anna. In 1892 his family moved to New York City, where he attended DeWitt Clinton High School. In 1912 he graduated from Cornell University with a degree in agriculture, but chose journalism as his first career. He married Doris E. Fleischman in 1922.
Reza Vali was born in Iran and studied at the Tehran Conservatory. In 1972, he attended the University of Music and Performing Arts, Vienna, where he studied composition. He later attended the University of Pittsburgh where he received his PhD in composition and theory. He is currently on faculty at Carnegie Mellon University.
Jane Leslie Conly (born 1948) is an American author, the daughter of author Robert C. O'Brien. She started her literary work by finishing the manuscript for her father's Z for Zachariah in 1975 after his death. Her first own book, Racso and the Rats of NIMH, was published in 1986, and is a sequel to her father's Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH. She graduated from Woodrow Wilson High School in 1966 and from Smith College in 1971. Her Crazy Lady! won the Newbery Honor. She lives in Baltimore, Maryland with her family. Murder Afloat was named to the 2011-2012 Dorothy Canfield Fisher Children's Book Award Master List.
Richard Fifoot was educated at Berkhamsted School and the University of Oxford. He served as a Lieutenant in the Coldstream Guards between 1943 and 1946, winning the Military Cross. He worked at the library of the University of Leeds from 1950 to 1958 (initially as Assistant Librarian, then as Sub-Librarian from 1952), becoming Deputy Librarian of the University of Nottingham in 1958 and Librarian of the University of Edinburgh in 1960. He was appointed Bodley's Librarian in 1979 and also held a Professorial Fellowship at Exeter College, Oxford. He retired in 1981.
Charles Molloy (died 16 July 1767) was an Irish journalist and political activist on the jacobite side, as well as a minor playwright. The 18th century Biographia dramatica says that Molloy attended Trinity College, Dublin before moving to London and writing plays. A Compendium of Irish Biography states he ``was born in Dublin early in the 18th century''.
Victor Litvinov was born in the city of Taganrog in 1910. In 1930 he completed his studies in the Taganrog's aviation technical school and was assigned to the Aviation Factory Number 1 in Moscow as technical engineer in the assembly shop. He graduated from the Moscow Aviation Institute (MAI) in 1937. In 1938 he was appointed the chief engineer of the Aviation Factory Number 1.
Hon James Burty David GCSK MP was a Mauritian politician. David received his Diploma in Education at the University of London and doctorate at the University of Bordeaux. He joined the Labour Party in 1964, which he served successively as president, secretary general and director of communication. David was minister of education from 1995 to 1997, Minister of Environment and local authorities from 1997 to 2000 and Minister of Local Government, Rodrigues and Outer Islands since 2005. He was a journalist of Freelance, teacher and afterwards rector at Eden College and an author of many school manuals in French. In 2010 he was awarded the Grand Commanders of the Order of the Star and Key of the Indian Ocean (GCSK) for remarkable contribution in the political, social and educational fields.
Joel Moses Gabb (21 November 1882 -- 6 March 1951) was an Australian politician. Born in Adelaide, South Australia, he was educated there at Prince Alfred College before becoming a church worker and greengrocer. In 1919, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Labor member for Angas, defeating long-serving Nationalist member Patrick Glynn. Gabb was defeated by Nationalist candidate Walter Parsons in 1925, but defeated Parsons in 1929 to regain the seat. In 1931, he joined Joseph Lyons and several other members in leaving the Labor Party and joining with the Nationalists to create the United Australia Party. He held the seat as a UAP member in 1931, but retired when Angas was abolished in 1934. In 1951 he committed suicide.
Neil Klugman (Richard Benjamin) is a highly intelligent, working class army veteran and graduate of Rutgers University who earns a living as a library clerk. He falls in love with Brenda Patimkin (Ali MacGraw), a wealthy student at Radcliffe College who is at home for the summer. They face obstacles from Brenda's family (particularly her mother), due to differences in class and assimilation into the American mainstream. More imposing conflicts include morality and propriety differences related to the premarital sex and the possibilities of ill-timed pregnancies.
The story is told from the point of view of the narrator, Neil Klugman. Neil is an intelligent graduate of Rutgers University who works in a low paying position in the Newark Public Library. He lives with his Aunt Gladys and Uncle Max in a working class neighborhood of Newark, New Jersey. One summer, Neil meets and falls in love with Brenda Patimkin, a student at Radcliffe College who is from a wealthy family living in the affluent suburb of Short Hills. The novella explores the level of classism which afflicts the relationship, despite the fact that Brenda's father, Ben, originally came from the same environment as Neil. The issue of assimilation is intrinsic as well, since Brenda is much more assimilated than Neil. The title, Goodbye, Columbus refers to a record Brenda's brother listens to about his years as an athlete at Ohio State University, further proof of the Patimkins' success at assimilation. As the book proceeds, Neil finds that their relationship is falling apart. It is finally realized that Neil and Brenda's relationship is not based on love but lust. Thus, the title may be seen as a metaphor for Neil saying goodbye to the affluent, assimilated world of the Patimkins.
The first application of a staged maturity model to IT was not by CMM/SEI, but rather by Richard L. Nolan, who, in 1973 published the stages of growth model for IT organizations. Watts Humphrey began developing his process maturity concepts during the later stages of his 27 year career at IBM.
Matt Cavanagh is an Associate Director at the Institute for Public Policy Research, working on UK immigration policy. From 2003 to 2010 he was a special adviser in the UK Labour government. He worked for Home Secretary David Blunkett; for Chancellor Gordon Brown; for Defence Secretary Des Browne; and for Gordon Brown again as Prime Minister from June 2007 to May 2010. He was educated at Balliol College, Oxford, where he read PPE, and then took a BPhil and DPhil in Philosophy. From 1996 to 2000 he was Lecturer in Philosophy at St Catherine's College, University of Oxford. From 2000 to 2003 he was a strategy consultant for the Boston Consulting Group.
1951-1953: He then joined the lab of William D. McElroy, another student of Harvey's, at Johns Hopkins University (Baltimore, MD) where he discovered both the stimulatory effects of coenzyme A and gating control by oxygen of firefly luminescence, and that flavin is a substrate in bacterial luminescence.
Saul Bass was born on May 8, 1920, in the Bronx, New York, to Eastern European Jewish immigrant parents. He graduated from James Monroe High School in the Bronx and studied part-time at the Art Students League in Manhattan until attending classes with György Kepes at Brooklyn College. He began his time in Hollywood during the 1940s doing print work for film ads, until he collaborated with filmmaker Otto Preminger to design the film poster for his 1954 film Carmen Jones. Preminger was so impressed with Bass's work that he asked him to produce the title sequence as well. This was when Bass first saw the opportunity to create something more than a title sequence, but to create something which would ultimately enhance the experience of the audience and contribute to the mood and the theme of the movie within the opening moments. Bass was one of the first to realize the creative potential of the opening and closing credits of a movie.
Field Marshal Mannerheim was a cadet at Hamina cadet school. Due to a disciplinary breach he was expelled in his final year in 1886, which caused him to continue his military career in the Imperial Russian Army. Carl Enckell, a politician, officer and a diplomat, graduated as an officer from Hamina Cadet School after which he served in the Imperial Russian Army learning fluent Russian. In 1917 Enckell negotiated for Finnish independence in Saint Petersburg in the position of Finnish Minister Secretary of State and representative of Senate of Finland. Later he served Finland on several occasions as the minister of foreign affairs and as the Finnish delegate to the League of Nations. General Rudolf Walden received his military education at Hamina Cadet School 1892-1900. He was the best of his class. Walden was dismissed from service in 1902, in connection with a conscription strike. After leaving the army Walden had a notable career in business. General Hannes Ignatius received his military education at Hamina Cadet School 1885-1892, and in the Nicholas Academy of General Staff in St Petersburg 1896-1899. Served in the Finnish Dragoon Regiment 1892-1901 after which he was a businessman. Vilhelm Aleksander Thesleff received his military education at Hamina Cadet School from 1894--1901, and in the Nicholas Academy of General Staff in St.Petersburg 1904-1907, and the Officers Cavalry School 1910-1911. He was a Finnish general, first Minister of Defence of Finland and briefly the commander in chief of the Finnish army in 1918. Waldemar Becker graduated from the Hamina Cadet School in 1858, served in the Finnish Guard and then in Russian Academy for General Staff. Deserted Russian army in 1862 after which he served with several different regimes and armies on four continents, including France, Spain, Mexico, Egypt and Serbia.
Born in Ponchagarh, North Bengal in 1920, Mirza Ghulam Hafiz was educated at the University of Dhaka and University of Calcutta. By 1948, when he first became interested in government resistance and politics, he had graduated with a B.LL and M.S. in Economics,as well as a law degree.
On the August 12 edition of SmackDown, Arias made his WWE television debut, when he took over the role of Sin Cara from Luis Urive, the former CMLL Místico, who was serving a 30 day suspension for violating WWE's wellness program, and defeated Tyson Kidd in a singles match. Arias reprised his role of Sin Cara the following week, taking part in a battle royal to determine the number one contender to the World Heavyweight Championship, from which he was the last man eliminated by the winner, Mark Henry. On August 20, Urive took back the role of Sin Cara for a live event, however, at the following tapings of SmackDown, Arias once again appeared under the mask. On the August 30 edition of SmackDown, Sin Cara defeated Daniel Bryan. After the match and as Bryan was recovering, Sin Cara went to shake his hand, then proceeded to roundhouse kick him in the head, turning heel in the process. At the tapings of the September 16 edition of SmackDown, the original Sin Cara made his return, confronting Arias' impostor version of the character. On the September 19 edition of Raw, the impostor Sin Cara attacked the original character prior to his match with Cody Rhodes, but was forced to flee the ring after a brief brawl. On the September 23 edition of SmackDown, the impostor Sin Cara attacked the original version during his match with Daniel Bryan, then took his place in the match and pinned Bryan for the win. The following week he revealed a new black attire to distinguish himself from the original version, while also explaining that he was going to steal the Sin Cara identity from Urive, just as Urive had stolen the Místico identity from him six years prior. On October 2 at Hell in a Cell, the impostor Sin Cara, now being referred to as ``Sin Cara Negro'', was defeated by the original Sin Cara, now referred to as ``Sin Cara Azul''. However, the feud continued on the following edition of SmackDown with Sin Cara Negro attacking Sin Cara Azul. The rivalry culminated at the October 16 taping of SmackDown in Mexico City in a Mask vs. Mask match, where Sin Cara Azul was victorious, unmasking Arias by force after the match. On the October 28 episode of SmackDown, Negro was interviewed by Matt Striker, where he wanted payback for losing to Azul while revealing his name to be Hunico, a name he used in FCW before being called up. On the November 4 edition of SmackDown, Hunico continued his rivalry with Sin Cara by attacking him together with his debuting FCW tag team partner Epico. Just as the feud was building up, Sin Cara suffered a real injury at the 2011 Survivor Series, when he attempted an outside dive, and as a result, he suffered a legit injury and would need surgery, cutting the feud short. On the Decemeber 15th edition of Superstars Hunico came to the ring with an unknown bodyguard before defeating Trent Barreta. The following week, it was revealed that his bodyguard's name is ``Camacho''.
Johannes Krahn studied architecture from 1923 to 1927 at the Technische Lehranstalten Offenbach. He continued his studies 1927 to 1928 at the Kölner Werkschulen as Meisterschüler of Dominikus Böhm, who interested him in building churches. Krahn worked with Rudolf Schwarz from 1928 to 1940. He graduated as a civil engineer at the RWTH Aachen University.
Henri Temianka was born in Scotland of Polish-Jewish parents. He studied violin with Carel Blitz in Rotterdam from 1915 to 1923, with Willy Hess at the National Conservatory in Berlin from 1923 to 1924, and with Jules Boucherit in Paris from 1924 to 1926. He then enrolled at the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia, where he studied violin with Carl Flesch, who reported of him in 1927, ``Was brought over by me. First class technical talent, somewhat sleepy personality, has still to awake.'' In 1928, Flesch said, ``His violinistic personality is for the moment still above his human one. Life shall be his best teacher in this regard.'' Later he stated, ``...he has made an intensive study of my method of teaching, of which I consider him the best exponent in England.'' In his memoirs he said, ``...there was above all Henry sic Temianka, who did great credit to the Institute: both musically and technically, he possessed a model collection of talents.'' Temianka's playing was further influenced by Eugène Ysaÿe, Jacques Thibaud and Bronisław Huberman. He also studied conducting with Artur Rodziński at Curtis, and became its first graduate in 1930.
Former Shadow Secretary of State for Scotland Peter Duncan attended Ardrossan Academy, and Mark Menzies, the current Conservative MP for Flyde, was born in Ardrossan. Campbell Martin, journalist and former Independent Member of the Scottish Parliament for West of Scotland, now editor of the3towns.com, an online local newspaper covering Ardrossan, Saltcoats and Stevenston.
Tan Jiexi ( Chines:谭杰希),a boy born in Shenzhen, China, went to Canada at the age of 15. Later he was admitted to University of Toronto, Canada. In the summer of 2010, Tan attended Happy Boy in Guangzhou. The judges consistently favoured him and gave him a pass card, which started his competition in Happy Boy.
Albright was born on April 16, 1964 in Alamance County, North Carolina. He grew up in the Union Ridge community and graduated from Western Alamance High School in 1982. Andy Albright enrolled at North Carolina State University (N.C. State) and graduated in 1986 with a degree in textile science. Shortly after finishing school at N.C. State, Albright married Jane Hooks and moved to Dunn, North Carolina.
Roger Berry was born in 1948 in Huddersfield and educated at the Dalton County Primary School on Mayfield Avenue in Huddersfield; Huddersfield New College; the University of Bristol, where he obtained a BSc in Economics in 1970; and the University of Sussex where he was awarded a DPhil in Economics in 1977.
Guglielmo Quarenghi (October 22, 1826 -- February 3, 1882) was an Italian composer and cellist. From 1839 to 1842 he studied with Vincenzo Merighi at the Milan Conservatory. In 1850 he became principal cellist at La Scala, and in 1851 a professor at the conservatory. Along with Luigi Felice Rossi and Alberto Mazzucato, Quarenghi formed the Società di S Cecilia in 1860. In 1879 he succeeded Raimondo Boucheron as maestro di cappella of Milan Cathedral. He resigned two years later due to ill-health and died in 1882.
Marija Naumova has a law degree from the University of Latvia. In 2005 she was chosen as the UNICEF goodwill envoy to Latvia.
Charles Clough was born and raised in Buffalo, New York where he attended Hutchinson Central Technical High School. He then attended Pratt Institute in Brooklyn from 1969-1970 where the two-dimensional design teacher Joseph Phillips, introduced Artforum magazine to him. Clough dropped out and on January 5, 1971 decided that he would devote his life to art. He traded his sculptor's assistant services for studio space with artist Larry W. Griffis Jr., at the Ashford Hollow Foundation's 30 Essex Street former ice-house facility. From 1971-1972 he attended the Ontario College of Art and was introduced to the artists and galleries of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. He observed closely the organization of A-Space, a not-for-profit gallery which exhibited emerging artists. This model along with that of Artists Space in New York provided the example that Clough followed in forming Hallwalls Center for Contemporary Art.
Daniel Lentz achieved much fame as a musician while quite young--when he was still a student at Brandeis University he was awarded a fellowship in composition at Tanglewood in the summer of 1966. This was followed by a Fulbright Fellowship in Electronic Music in 1967--68, which was completed in Stockholm, Sweden. After that he began working as a visiting lecturer at the University of California, Santa Barbara in 1968. In 1970 he focused more on composing and performing. At this time he also formed a music ensemble, the California Time Machine, which toured North America and Europe.
Brian Bowditch was born in 1961 in Neath, Wales. He obtained a B.A. degree from Cambridge University in 1983. He subsequently pursued doctoral studies in Mathematics at the University of Warwick under the supervision of David Epstein where he received a PhD in 1988. Bowditch then had postdoctoral and visiting positions at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, the University of Warwick, Institut des Hautes Études Scientifiques at Bures-sur-Yvette, the University of Melbourne, and the University of Aberdeen. In 1992 he received an appointment at the University of Southampton where he stayed until 2007. In 2007 Bowditch moved to the University of Warwick, where he receive a chaired Professor appointment in Mathematics.
David Bergeron attended Lakeridge High School, after graduating high school he went to college at Stanford University. He finished his career there with two sacks, 176 tackles (16.5 for losses), two forced fumbles, a fumble recovery, an interception, three pass deflections, and a blocked kick.
Priest Holmes, NFL Running back who played for the Kansas City Chiefs and Baltimore Ravens, attended Rudder Middle School from 1985 to 1988.
James Blenk was born in Edenkoben, Rhenish Palatinate, to James and Catherine (née Wigman) Blenk. Born and raised in a Protestant family, he was the youngest of seventeen children and also a twin but his twin brother died at six months. In 1866 he and his family emigrated from Germany and moved to New Orleans, Louisiana, in the United States. His parents died only some weeks later and the orphan James Blenk was brought up in a Catholic family. Converting to Catholicism at age 12, Blenk was baptized at St. Alphonsus Church in 1869 and later confirmed by Archbishop Napoléon-Joseph Perché. After completing his primary education in New Orleans, he entered Jefferson College in Convent and eventually joined the Society of Mary (more commonly known as the Marist Fathers) 1878. He was then sent to the Marist House of Studies in Belley, France, and completed his probationary studies at the novitiate in Lyons before being sent to further his studies at the Catholic University of Ireland in Dublin. While in Ireland, he also taught mathematics at St. Mary's College in Dundalk (1881--1882).
Company founder, Alan Tripp, a graduate of Stanford University, opened the first SCORE! Educational Center in Palo Alto, California, in November 1992, and hired the company's first two Directors, Kai Drekmeier and Ingrid Stabb, who helped Tripp further develop the SCORE! concept and company culture throughout the startup years. In the summer of 1993, Stabb opened the second center in Menlo Park, California, established profitability for the first time for the SCORE! center business model, and addressed customer attrition issues in the model by developing SCORE! Mountain. ``, the company's first long-term customer loyalty program for the students with a reporting system for their parents. Drekmeier opened the third center in Los Altos, California, beginning a period of rapid growth for the company. SCORE! 's early success was attributed to personalized educational software provided by Computer Curriculum Corporation (CCC), the corporate culture fueled by energetic SCORE! coaches, and the loyalty business model. Glenn Tripp, Alan Tripp's brother, joined the company and opened the sixth center, in San Jose, California in 1994. Glen Tripp soon joined the executive management team and helped lead the company to further successes and operational efficiencies. Other professionals who played early leading roles in shaping the start-up company in 1993 and 1994 included (in alphabetical order) Ben Besley, James Cleveland, Gail Derecho, Allison Don, Sarah Hainstock, David Hannigan, Rich Kelly, Thomas Layton, Elizabeth Phythian, and Ann Smith.
He was born in New York City in 1876, a son of Richard M. Upjohn (1828--1903) and grandson of Richard Upjohn (1802--1878). He received a degree in mechanical engineering from Stevens Institute of Technology in 1899. He worked in his father's firm until 1903 and then opened his own practice in 1905. He entered a partnership with George W. Conable (1866--1933) in 1908. That partnership ended in 1914. One of the works produced by the partnership was the 1909 Rye Town Park-Bathing Complex and Oakland Beach, added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003. He closed his practice in 1945 and died in 1949.
Martyn Arbib attended Felsted School.
Jim White (born Urmston, Greater Manchester, late 1950s) is a British journalist and presenter who has fronted STV's coverage of the UEFA Champions League for the 2006/07 season by accident. He attended Manchester Grammar School and went on to read English at Bristol University.
Dr. Paul G. Pearson was the 18th President of Miami University and who Pearson Hall was named after. He was born December 5, 1926 and Died on August 12, 2000. He was born in Lake Worth, Florida and received his bachelors, masters, and doctorate from the University of Florida. Pearson began his work as an academic official at Rutgers, where he was a zoology professor for 26 years. He was also Rutgers president. He then went to Miami University in 1981 where he stayed until 1992.
Vishnu Som Graduated from Carleton University's Journalism Program.He also studied at Lisgar Collegiate Institute
Emin Milli was born in Baku as Emin Abdullayev and changed his name to Milli only recently. He has graduated from Baku State University, and holds a Master's degree from Saarland University. He has worked for International Republican Institute and has been the Azerbaijan assistant to the Friedrich Ebert Foundation co-ordinating director for the Southern Caucasus in Tbilissi/Georgia between 2002 and 2004. Milli also was a consultant and legal expert for the Council of Europe in matters concerning political prisoners in Azerbaijan in more than 40 cases.
Danielle McCray was born in Boynton Beach, Florida and as a young child, her family moved to Olathe, Kansas. McCray attended Olathe East High School and was an All-State selection. During her senior season, she accepted an athletic scholarship to the University of Kansas.
John Leverett was the son of Hudson Leverett, an attorney, and Sarah (Payton) Leverett, (and grandson of John Leverett the Governor of the Massachusetts Bay Colony). He was educated at Harvard College (A.B., 1680; A.M.), 1683.
Haruehun Airry graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Communication Management from Chulalongkorn University where he befriended with Charm Osathanond, Miss Thailand Universe 2006, and started photography since. As a role model for young men in Thailand, he was appointed by the Thai Red Cross AIDS Research Centre an advocate for a charity project called Adam′s Love which fosters comprehensive HIV/AIDS education in 2011.
Barbara Pierce Bush was born at Baylor University Medical Center in Dallas, Texas. When the family lived in the Preston Hollow section of Dallas, she and her twin sister, Jenna, attended Preston Hollow Elementary School; Laura Bush served on Preston Hollow's Parent Teachers Association at that time. Later, she and Jenna attended The Hockaday School in Dallas. When her father became Governor of Texas in 1994, Barbara attended St. Andrew's Episcopal School in Austin, Texas. In 1996, Barbara began attending Austin High School, graduating with the class of 2000.
According to Chuck Lorre's eleventh vanity card (see below), he and Dottie Dartland originally conceived Dharma & Greg as ``a series revolving around a woman whose personality is not a neurotic product of societal and parental conditioning, but of her own free-flowing, compassionate mind''. Thomas Gibson as lawyer Gregory Clifford ``Greg'' Montgomery, Dharma's husband. He is an upright, uptight, decent, though sometimes surprisingly open-minded man. Greg's life was hopelessly banal before he met Dharma and married her on their first date. Since then, he has played straight man to the antics of his eccentric wife. Though his relationship with Dharma has been rocky at times, Greg has never been shown to regret their marriage. He is an alumnus of elite schools, Phillips Exeter Academy, Harvard University, and Stanford Law School. Susan Sullivan as Katherine ``Kitty'' Montgomery, Greg's extravagant mother. In the beginning of the first season Kitty was generally represented as a manipulative, controlling woman who only had higher aspirations for her son. As an elite socialite, Kitty was initially quite displeased to have Dharma and her parents join the family, but over the course of the series, Kitty broadens her limited country club world to become part of a larger family, becoming a major part of Dharma's life, while remaining lovingly manipulative. Mitchell Ryan as Edward Montgomery, Greg's eccentric father. His philosophy for dealing with his wife, Kitty, involves remaining as uninvolved as possible. Head of Montgomery Industries (though he keeps working only because he can see little tugboats out the window) and at odds with Dharma's father, who calls him ``Ed'' and whom he calls ``Finkelstein.'' Edward is a graduate of the University of Notre Dame, of which he is fiercely proud, and partially resents Greg for considering Notre Dame to not be ``good enough'' for him. Ed is often seen drinking martinis and Scotch. Mimi Kennedy as Abigail Kathleen ``Abby'' O'Neil, Dharma's free-spirited, caring mother, who encourages her daughter and son-in-law to produce children: ``Feel free to have sex anywhere.'' Although they have a grown daughter and later a son, she and Dharma's father are not married. She and Larry were engaged and held the wedding ceremony but still did not marry to ``stay under the radar''. Unlike her ``lifemate'' Larry, she immediately accepted Greg, though she still constantly annoys and conflicts with his parents. She is a militant vegan, which is a never-ending source of trouble. During her pregnancy in season 4, however, she did make exceptions because of her food cravings. Alan Rachins as Myron Lawrence ``Larry'' Finkelstein, Dharma's ``hippie'' father. He is a stereotypical sixties radical who frequently rants about various conspiracies, a lot of which revolve around Richard Nixon. He also thinks he's wanted by the FBI, but when Greg discovers he's not, his family goes to great lengths to prove to him that he still is because this is a source of great pride to him. Despite this, he manages to get along with Edward, often when both are sick of dealing with their wives. He homeschooled Dharma in American history, passing on his conspiracy theories, such as the latest Apollo mission secretly burying the missing minutes of the Watergate tapes on the moon. It is often alluded to that Larry is a chronic user of marijunana, though never shown. In the season 4 episode Mother Daughter Reunion, Dharma mentions that Larry has a resistance against most drugs after frequent use. In the pilot episode Abby introduces his usual cluelessness with ``he blew out his short term memory back in 1972''. He sometimes becomes a ``pothead savant'' and reveals skills such as his talent for carpentry and his music. Shae D'Lyn as Jane Deaux, Dharma's friend. She considers all men more or less evil; over the course of the show, her hair went from black, to red, to blonde. She married Pete Cavanaugh in Season 2, and made an attempt to divorce him after 6 weeks. They eventually divorced in the premiere of the fourth season. She and Dharma met when Dharma dialed a wrong number. D'Lyn left at the end of the fourth season, though she had one ``guest appearance'' in season five. Joel Murray as Peter James ``Pete'' Cavanaugh, Greg's friend and colleague at the Justice Department. A particularly bad, lazy lawyer, he was married to Jane for a time. His entire life can be summed up by the interior of his apartment: a massage chair surrounded by empty take-out containers, next to which is a small refrigerator and a stack of porno tapes. A high-class entertainment center is in front of this. It is said he wears adult diapers to football games. Greg once said of his friend: ``Pete went to law school in Barbados; he failed the Bar eight times. The last time because he threw up on the exam.'' In season 1, he mentions that he worked as a plumber's assistant during college. Pete marries Jane in the second season because neither of them wants to be alone on Valentine's Day Helen Greenberg as Marcie, One of Dharma's Co-Op friends; nasal-voiced receptionist, whose vocabulary primarily consists of the words ``I'm sorry.'' Greenberg joined the main cast in season five, she also played a different character in the episode ``Drop Dead Gorgeous''. Susan Chuang as Susan Wong, One of Dharma's friends from the Co-Op, she is seen as Marcie's counterpart. Susan also pulls a ``Dharma & Greg'' with a lawyer, Darrell Gottlieb, hired by Kitty in a community garden spat (her wedding, along with Dharma's accident, was the Season 4 finale). Chaung joined the main cast in season five, she also played a different character in the episode ``Looking for the Goodbars''.
Charlotte Gyllenhammar, born 1963, is a fine artist based in Stockholm, Sweden. She began her career as a painter, but swiftly moved on to sculpture and installation after completing her studies at the Royal College of Art in London. In 1993, she broke through the Swedish art scene when she suspended a 120-year-old tree over Drottninggatan, the main street in the center of Stockholm. The work entitled Die for You was the first step in a progression of images and environments that invert perspective. For example, confinement and inversion are evident in her video/photographic series of suspended women entitled Belle, 1998, Disobedience, 1998, Fall, 1999, and more recently Hang 2006. The series Hang is composed of both color or c-prints and gelatin silver prints. The photographs were first premiered at Paris Photo in 2006, in the Central Exhibition, which was dedicated to the Nordic countries, where Gyllenhammar represented Sweden.
He was born in New Hampshire and earned a Masters Degree from the New England Conservatory of Music. His teachers have included Frank Battisti, Gunther Schuller, and Craig Kirchhoff. He earned his PhD from the University of Minnesota. He has served as guest conductor of the New Hampshire Philharmonic Orchestra, and spends his summers in Tanglewood.
Education John Ryan attended Clongowes Wood College and the National College of Art and Design (NCAD), Dublin. Family One of the eight children of Séamus Ryan, a member of Seanad Éireann and his wife Agnes Ryan née Harding who came from Kilfeacle and Solohead respectively in County Tipperary and who were Republican activists during the Irish War of Independence. They opened a shop in Parnell Street, Dublin, in the 1920s which was the first of 36 outlets which were known as 'The Monument Creameries'. His mother was a patron of the painter Jack Yeats, amongst others, and owned many pictures by Yeats. The family lived at Burton Hall, near Leopardstown Racecourse in the Dublin suburb of Foxrock. Among his siblings were Kathleen Ryan, actress, Fr. Vincent (Séamus) (1930--2005), a Benedictine monk at Glenstal Abbey, Sister Íde of the Convent of The Sacred Heart, Mount Anville Secondary School, Dublin, Oonagh (who married the Irish artist Patrick Swift), Cora who married the politician, Seán Dunne, Teachta Dála. Several of Ryan's children followed him into the arts: son and namesake John Ryan, publisher, actor and journalist; Seamus Ryan, London-based photographer; Anna Ryan, actress. Artist John Ryan studied at the NCAD, but was largely a self-taught painter through a practice of 'careful intelligent observation' combined with 'a genuine and humorous love of land, sea and human tradition' (Hilary Pyle, 'John Ryan exhibition in Cork', The Irish Times, 23 October 1981). He was a regular exhibitor at the Royal Hibernian Academy (RHA) from 1946 onwards, and also showed at the annual Oireachtas and the Irish Exhibition of Living Art (IELA). He designed theatre sets for the Abbey, Gate, Olympia and Gaiety Theatres as well as for the stage in London. He also acted in and produced several plays. Editor He founded and edited Envoy, A Review of Literature and Art (1949--1951); editor of The Dublin Magazine (1970--75); A Bash In The Tunnel (Brighton: Clifton Books 1970), edited by Ryan, essays on James Joyce by Irish writers: Patrick Kavanagh, Brian O'Nolan, Samuel Beckett, Ulick O'Connor & Edna O’Brien.Writer His books include: Remembering How We Stood (Gill & Macmillan, 1975; Lilliput Press, 1987 ), a memoir of literary Dublin with characters such as Patrick Kavanagh, Brian O'Nolan, Brendan Behan, et al.; A Wave of the Sea (Ward River, 1981), a marine memoir. Broadcaster Ryan was a long-time contributor to Sunday Miscellany on Radio Éireann (RTÉ Radio). Publican He owned The Bailey pub which became a famous literary venue frequented by characters such as Kavanagh, Brian O'Nolan, et al. Friend and Benefactor He was a patron to many artist, e.g. Patrick Kavanagh, and was always willing to help -discreetly- when they needed it most. He owned a building on Mount Street where many artists stayed. He was friend and intimate with many leading artists of the period: Beckett, Behan, Cronin, Swift, Seán O'Sullivan, Pearse Hutchinson, J. P. Donleavy, Brian O'Nolan, et al. James Joyce connection:
John Marshall Dugdale was born at Irwell Bank, Eccles, on 15 October 1851 and later baptised at Eccles on 1 January 1852. He was the son of John Dugdale, Esq. of 9, Hyde park gardens, London. and Llwyn, Llanfyllin, County Montgomery. He attended Rugby School and Brasenose College, Oxford where he received his B.A.
Travis Brody (born March 14, 1984) is an American football quarterback who played for the Brussels Bulls of the Belgian Football League (BFL). He attended Occidental College and Los Alamitos High School in California.
Siegert was born in Bremen. He majored 1987 in Germanic Studies, Philosophy and History at the Albert-Ludwigs-Universität Freiburg/Germany. He followed Friedrich Kittler with whom he had worked already in Freiburg, to the department of Germanic studies at the Ruhr University Bochum where he received his doctorate in 1991. In 2001 he earned a Habilitation at the Humboldt University Berlin. In the same year he was appointed to the chair for Theory and History of Cultural Techniques at the department for Media Studies at the Bauhaus University Weimar. Together with Friedrich Kittler, Norbert Bolz, and Wolfgang Coy he is regarded as a pioneer of German media theory. Since 2008 Siegert is one the directors (together with Lorenz Engell) of the International Research Institute for Cultural Technologies and Media Philosophy (IKKM) in Weimar.
James R. Leininger grew up in Indiana and Florida. He received a B.A. in 1965 and an M.D. in 1969, both from Indiana University. From 1969 to 1971, he did an internship at the University of Miami Medical School. In 1971-1972, he took post-graduate courses at the Center for Disease Control in Atlanta, Georgia, the Brooke Army Medical Center in San Antonio, Texas, the Walter Reed Army Institute of Research in Washington, D.C., and Fort Sam Houston, where he lectured. In 1972-1973, he taught at the University of Texas Medical School. He then settled in San Antonio.
David LaBerge was born in St. Louis, Missouri and received his undergraduate degree from the College of Wooster, and his MA and PhD degrees from Claremont University and Stanford University, respectively.
Aaron Cleare (born 31 January 1983) is a Bahamian athlete who specializes in the 400 metres. He was a member of the Bahamian 4 x 400 metres relay team that finished 6th in the 2004 Olympics. He went to college at Dickinson State University, located in Dickinson, North Dakota.
In 1943, Bridget was a student at the Art Students League of New York and studying under Reginald Marsh along with her friends, the painters Paul Cadmus and George Tooker. Acquaintances have described Bridget during this time as ``striking'', ``glamorous'', and a ``long-stemmed beauty with large azure eyes and sumptuous black hair''. She lived in an apartment at the Plaza Hotel and wore clothes by Manhattan couturier Hattie Carnegie. It was around this time that the author Anaïs Nin wrote about her infatuation with Bridget in her personal diary. Bridget was at a party in the Park Avenue apartment of photographer George Platt Lynes, a friend who used her as a subject in his photographs, when she met Lyne's assistant, Jonathan Tichenor, in 1943. They started an affair in 1944 when her husband Chisholm was away and working overseas for the US government, and she divorced Chisholm on December 11, 1944 and moved into an Upper East Side townhouse in Manhattan that she shared with art patron Peggy Guggenheim. She married Jonathan Tichenor in 1945, taking his last name as Bridget Bate Tichenor, and they moved into an artist's studio at 105 MacDougal Street in Manhattan.
James Franklin (born in Sydney in 1953) is an Australian philosopher, mathematician and historian of ideas. He was educated at St. Joseph's College, Hunters Hill, New South Wales. His undergraduate work was at the University of Sydney (1971--74), where he attended St John's College and he was influenced by philosophers David Stove and David Armstrong. He completed his PhD in 1981 at University of Warwick, on algebraic groups. Since 1981 he has taught in the School of Mathematics and Statistics at the University of New South Wales.
Crittenden was born in Russellville, Kentucky, his father being the U.S. politician John J. Crittenden. His brother, Thomas Leonidas Crittenden, and cousin, Thomas Turpin Crittenden, were both future generals for the Union Army. He graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1832 and was commissioned a second lieutenant in the 4th U.S. Infantry. He fought in the Black Hawk War of 1832 and resigned his commission the following year. He attended Transylvania University and became a lawyer. He moved to the Republic of Texas in 1842 and joined the Army of the Republic of Texas. During the Mier Expedition of 1843, he was captured by the Mexican army and exchanged. He rejoined the U.S. Army in 1846 and fought with the Regiment of Mounted Rifles in the Mexican-American War. He was given a brevet promotion to major for gallantry at Contreras and Churubusco in 1847 and a permanent promotion to major in the regular army in 1848. However, on August 19, 1848, he was cashiered from the Army, to be restored in March 1849. He eventually reached the permanent rank of lieutenant colonel in 1856.
Bruce Charlesworth (born 1 February 1950) is a visual artist known primarily for his photographic, video and multimedia works. He is considered one of the pioneers of post-modern staged photography and an innovator in video installation and interactivity. He received his BA in Art from the University of Northern Iowa (1972) and his MFA in Painting from the University of Iowa in 1975. He is currently Assistant Professor of Film/Video/New Genres at the University of Wisconsin, Milwaukee.
In 1916, his prosperous parents sent him to Holland to study. First he attended a secondary school where, among other things, he studied the discipline of blacksmithing--which he often referred to as the ``mother craft'' of all civilization. He was graduated from Groningen Politechnicum in mechanical engineering and from the University of Dordrecht in shipbuilding. He married a Dutch woman and they immigrated to the Seattle, Washington, USA where he was employed as an engineer. Unfortunately, his first wife died in 1931 during childbirth--along with their only child. This is when Weyger decided to study sculpture in Chicago in order to change the direction of his life--following the interests that he loved the most. Marian Weygers, his second wife, was graduated from the University of California at Berkeley as an art major where she worked and studied under Chiura Obata, who taught her the ink wash painting and design. She developed a print making process that she named, imprints from nature, using natural materials such as flowers, leaves, and grass as well as rocks and insects.
Pynchas Brener is the Ashkenazi Chief Rabbi of Caracas, Venezuela, starting in 1967. He received his Bachelor of Arts and Rabbinic Ordination from Yeshiva University and his Master's degree from Columbia University, and is a PhD honoris causa of Bar Ilan University.
In Frankfurt he was in charge of the rebuilding after World War II of the Paulskirche, starting in 1947, later he was on the team to rebuild the Städel. In 1950 he built the French Embassy in Bad Godesberg. In 1954 he completed at the Konstablerwache in Frankfurt the early skyscaper Bienenkorbhaus (Beehive House). His church building St. Wendel, Frankfurt (1957) has been compared to Le Corbusier in terms of materials and flow of light. In 1962 he built the Klaus-von-der-Flüe Friedenskirche in Wörsdorf. In 1965 Krahn created a variation on the interplay of stonemasonry, glass and concrete of St. Wendel in St. Martin, Idstein. In 1966 he built St. Sebastian in Frankfurt. In 1973 he built the City-Hochhaus in Frankfurt, together with Richard Heil. Among his last projects was in 1974 the design of St. Aegidius in Bonn-Buschdorf, realized after his death by his son Johannes Krahn in the firm Krahn-Lorenz-Sauer, Frankfurt am Main, in 1978 to 1980.
Shortly after the release of Thought for Food, the band relocated to North Adams, Massachusetts, near where Zammuto had graduated from Williams College in 1999, studying chemistry and visual arts. Zammuto and de Jong began the recording of The Lemon of Pink around this time. Anne Doerner, a guest vocalist on the album, said the process was much more arduous than the recording of Thought for Food, with Zammuto working on the album for five straight months.
Eric Weissberg went to the University of Wisconsin-- Madison, then the Juilliard School of Music. He joined an early version of the Greenbriar Boys (1958--59), but left before they made any recordings. He then joined The Tarriers, replacing Erik Darling. The Tarriers had recently had a hit with ``Banana Boat Song'', though Harry Belafonte had the bigger hit soon afterwards. At first Weissberg was taken on as a string-bass player but the group soon made use of his multi-instrumental talents as banjo player, guitarist, mandolin player and singer. At this time he was still a student at Juilliard. His first album with The Tarriers, Tell The World About This (1960) has a much rougher feel than the smoothly-produced sound of The Weavers or The Kingston Trio. In 1964 he had to do one year of duty with the National Guard, but on returning, the group re-formed. In 1965 the group accompanied Judy Collins on a tour of Poland and Russia, but disbanded soon after. Judy Collins was sufficiently impressed to use him as a session musician on Fifth Album (1965) and several later albums.
Kristian Alexander was born in 1969 in Sofia, Bulgaria. He has earned Master's degrees in orchestral conducting, choir conducting, music theory and history, and music pedagogy from the National Academy of Music. He has also studied anthropology, theology, and computer science at the Sofia University and psychology at the New Bulgarian University. He has further earned a master's degree in comparative theology from the University of montreal as well as a joint Post-graduate Diploma in arts management from the University of Montreal Business School and the Rotman School of Management of the University of Toronto. Kristian Alexander has studied conducting with Gustav Meier, Marin Alsop, Helmuth Rilling, John Morris Russell, Nurhan Arman, and David Agler.
Scott Fivelson is a screenwriter, fiction writer, and songwriter from Los Angeles. Born in Chicago, he attended Northwestern University. Fivelson wrote a satirical tribute to Steven Spielberg, Guess What's Coming to Dinner? The Extraterrestrial Etiquette Guide, from Bantam Books. He has also written short stories and satirical pieces for Chicago Magazine, the Chicago Tribune, Los Angeles magazine, the Los Angeles Times, the L.A. Weekly, Tales from the Heart of Hollywood, and other publications. He is the author of the one-act play, Dial L for Latch-Key, and the novel, Tuxes.
Alan Burnett is a television writer-producer particularly associated with DC Comics and Walt Disney television animation. He has had a hand in virtually every DC animated project since the waning years of the Super Friends, and continues to do so . Burnett's contributions for Disney were largely a part of the 1990s Disney Afternoon, where he was attached to the Disney's Adventures of the Gummi Bears and various projects set in the Scrooge McDuck universe. Because of his primary focus on televised animation, he has occasionally been involved in film projects related to a parent television program. He is a graduate of Northfield Mount Hermon School and the University of Florida and has an MFA in film production from the University of Southern California.
Waterhouse was the fifth child of the Rev. John Waterhouse, a Yorkshire Methodist, and was born in London. He attended Kingswood School, Bath from 1832 until 1835 when he was apprenticed to a printer. The Waterhouse family migrated to Australia in 1839 when John Waterhouse became general superintendent of the Wesleyan Methodist Mission in Australia. When the family settled in Hobart a printing company was bought and Jabez managed it. The following year Jabez became a local preacher ministering to convicts. He became a probationer in 1842 and after studying at Richmond Theological College he was ordained in the Methodist chapel, Spitalfields. On 13 August 1847 Waterhouse married Maria Augusta, née Bode, at Windsor, Berkshire.
Phoebe Boswell was born in Nairobi, the daughter of Timothy, a pilot, and Joyce, a teacher. They moved to Oman when she was two years old, and then Bahrain three years later. She studied for her GCSEs at St. Christopher's School in Isa Town, Bahrain. She was then offered an Arts Scholarship at Hurtwood House where she studied English, Art and Theatre Studies.
In 1992, Momaday received the first Lifetime Achievement Award from the Native Writers' Circle of the Americas. He was awarded a 2007 National Medal of Arts by former President George W. Bush. N. Scott Momaday received an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters from the University of Illinois at Chicago on May 9, 2010.
Maryellen MacDonald is a Professor of Psychology at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison. She specializes in psycholinguistics, focusing specifically on the relationship between language comprehension and production and the role of working memory. MacDonald received a Ph.D. from the University of California, Los Angeles in 1986. She is married to fellow psychologist Mark Seidenberg and has two children.
Born in Gordonsville, Tennessee, Bridges attended the University of Tennessee, and after having a 20-strikeout game for the minor league Wheeling Stogies in 1929, he joined the Tigers in 1930, inducing Babe Ruth to ground out on his first major league pitch.
Spence was born into a musical family that had once owned Squire Pianos, a piano manufactory in North London. His father was a doctor, and his mother a pianist, who worked as an archivist at the Royal College of Music. As a young mother, she worked as personal assistant to Walter Legge and Yehudi Menuhin. Artists and musicians were regular lunch guests at the family home. He was educated at Uppingham School and gained an honours degree in music at New College, Oxford, where he was a choral scholar and was much influence by his tutor Edward Higginbotham. He continued his vocal studies at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama, where he studied with David Pollard.
Wyatt Crockett is a New Zealand rugby player who plays for the Crusaders in the super 14. He also plays for Canterbury in the Air New Zealand Cup. He attended Nelson College.
Herbert Simon is an American real estate magnate. He resides in Indianapolis, Indiana. He was educated at the City College of New York. He is the owner of the Indiana Pacers, and chairman emeritus of the shopping mall developer Simon Property Group. In 2010 he purchased Kirkus Reviews.
Krumpholz attended Foothill High School in Tustin, California, and moved onto the University of Southern California. Krumpholz's father, Kurt Krumpholz, is a former world-record holder in the 400-meter freestyle.
Amy Miller (born in 1980 in Sudbury, Canada) is a filmmaker and social justice activist. She is the director of two films, Myths for Profit (2009) and The Carbon Rush (2012). Miller is a producer/director with Wide Open Exposure, the production company she founded. She attended Carleton University in Ottawa.
Terrance Denison, a graduate in common law from the University of Ottawa, was first elected to the Ottawa City Council in 1981, and re-elected in 1982. He later became a senior solicitor for the City of Toronto.
Javid Iqbal received the following educational degrees and distinctions: BA (Hon.) degree in 1944 from the Government College, Lahore, MA degree in English, and MA degree in Philosophy (Gold Medallist) in 1948, Punjab, PhD degree in Philosophy in 1954 from the University of Cambridge, UK, Barrister-at-Law, Lincoln's Inn, London, in 1956. He has received honorary doctorates from Villanova University, USA, and Selcuk University'
Amanda Coogan (born 1971) is an Irish performance artist, living and working in Dublin (where she was born) and Berlin. She studied Painting at Limerick School of Art and Design, Ireland, Athens School of Fine Arts, Greece, and Sculpture at the National College of Art and Design, Dublin and under the performance artist Marina Abramovic at the HBK Hochschule fur Bildende Kunste, Braunschweig, Germany.
Mark Coogan (born May 1, 1966 in Manhasset, New York) is a retired American track athlete. He attended Bishop Feehan High School and the University of Maryland, College Park.
Savannah resident N.Y.W. Peacocke has completed two books of a trilogy that deal with the war of independence in Georgia, and particularly Savannah. Savannah Spell (ISBN 1-898030-51-0) and Mirror My Soul (ISBN 1-898030-61-8) weave a love triangle around the events of the Revolution in Georgia and Carolina. E.L. Doctorow's historical novel, The March (ISBN 0375506713), is about Union General William Tecumseh Sherman's 1864 scorched-earth campaign in which he marched 60,000 troops southeastward from Atlanta to Savannah and then northward into the Carolinas during the American Civil War (1861--65). Chris Fuhrman authored the book The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys, which depicted his life as a Catholic schoolboy growing up in Savannah and attending a local parochial school. Fuhrman actually attended Blessed Sacrament School in Savannah and graduated in 1974. He was also a graduate of the University of Georgia in Athens, where his book was published. Fuhrman died in 1990 of cancer at the age of 30.
After Christensen's death and Cavalletti's eventual departure from EE, the theatrics of the group were altered by the introduction of new energies. Percussionist Peter Mueller, a graduate of Northwestern University with a degree in Performance Studies, helped to engineer scripted puppetry. Designer and projectionist David Ruiz, along with fellow designers T.J. Darwin and David Marine, created elaborate sets, costumes and puppets. This set EE up to eventually be invited to perform at Pittsburgh, PA's annual Black Sheep Puppet Festival, appearing each year from 1999 to 2002. Thanks to David Marine's efforts as coordinator and set builder, they were also invited to participate in Chicago's Puppetropolis, a one-off puppetry festival held in 2001 at various locations in the city. As a puppetry troupe, EE staged various shows: ``The Ancient Astronauts of Ohm-Bah'', ``The Legend of the Piasa Bird'', and an aquatic-themed puppet play called ``Tofishy''. It was at this point that the group hit an all-time professional peak, participating in a number of city-sanctioned special events and even being asked to appear at a NASCAR event at the Chicagoland Speedway.
Aviva Chomsky (born April 20, 1957) is an American historian, author, and activist. She teaches at Salem State College in Massachusetts, where she is also the coordinator of the Latin American studies program. She previously taught at Bates College in Maine, and was a research associate at Harvard University, where she specialized in Caribbean and Latin American history. She is the eldest daughter of linguists Noam and Carol Chomsky. Her paternal grandfather, William Chomsky (1896--1978), was a Hebrew scholar at, and principal of, Gratz College for many years.
Chris Walley was born in Wales in 1954; however, he grew up in northern England. He received a Bachelor of Science in geology from Sheffield University and a Phd from the University of Wales, Swansea. He taught at the American University of Beirut (AUB) in Lebanon from 1980--84, where he met his wife and where his two sons John and Mark were born.
Michell was the son of John Michell (pronounced Mitchell), a miner, and his wife Grace, née Rowse and was born at Maldon, Victoria. His parents had migrated from Devonshire in 1854. Educated at first at Maldon, he went to Wesley College, Melbourne, in 1877, where he won the Draper and Walter Powell scholarships. In 1881 he began the arts course at the University of Melbourne, and qualified for the B.A. degree at the end of 1883. He had an outstanding course, heading the list with first-class honours each year, and winning the final honour scholarship in mathematics and physics.
She earned a B.A in History at the University of California, Santa Cruz in 1970. Fearful that she would be unable to find a job using her degree, she elected to obtain a Masters degree in Library Science from San Jose State University. Immediately after graduation she married Frank Krentz, an engineer, whom she had met at San Jose State. The couple moved to the Virgin Islands, where Krentz worked for a year as an elementary school librarian, a time she refers to as ``an unmitigated career disaster.'' Realizing that she enjoyed being a librarian but not the aspects of teaching that working in an elementary school required, Krentz moved into the higher levels of academia, including a stint in the Duke University library system. Krentz and her husband later moved to Seattle, Washington.
Rev. Dr. Jerry Andrews, senior pastor of First Presbyterian Church of San Diego, received a BREd degree from Detroit Bible College. Norman Geisler, Christian apologetic and president of the Southern Evangelical Seminary, received a degree from Detroit Bible College in 1955. Gary Habermas, Christian apologetic and professor at Liberty University, received a degree from DBC in 1972, Eugene J. Mayhew, Professor of Old Testament and Semitic Languages, Moody Theological Seminary, received a BREd degree from Detroit Bible College. Vincent P. Messina, Campus Pastor of Woodside Bible Church, graduated from Detroit Bible College in 1977. Gilbert E. Patterson (1939-2007), late Presiding Bishop and Chief Apostle of the Church of God in Christ (COGIC), attended the Detroit Bible Institute. Mark D. Powers, President, Pulte Homes Connecticut, Fortune 150, received a degree from William Tyndale College in 1998. Winner of Wall Street Journal Award for Business Excellence, Suma Cum Laude William L. Rowe, professor emeritus of philosophy at Purdue University, attended Detroit Bible Institute. Jack Van Impe, televangelist, received a diploma from Detroit Bible Institute in 1952. Joseph Williams, Founder and President, Christian Association of Prison Aftercare, has a BA from William Tyndale College.
Haarstad was born in Nittedal as the son of police sergeant Jørgen Haarstad and Agnes Azora Bordoe. One of his hobbies was sports shooting. He competed at the national competition several times, winning his junior class three years in a row. In his first senior year he placed fourth. He was also present at the 1937 ISSF World Shooting Championships in Helsinki, where he participated in a shooting competition between the Scandinavian capitals. Among his school friends from Secondary School was Tore Gjelsvik, who took private shooting lessons from him early in 1940. After finishing his secondary education at the Oslo Cathedral School in 1936, he studied law at the University of Oslo, and graduated as cand.jur. in 1941. His first job was as a junior solicitor in Halden. From 1942 he worked at the police in Oslo. He married Inger Tøger-Lie in 1942.
March was born in Dallas, Texas, the daughter of John Abe March IV and wife Laura Len (née Irwin) and the sister of Charlotte. She has German, Dutch, Irish, and English ancestry. She attended Highland Park High School, the same high school Angie Harmon (of the original Law & Order) attended. March was a sophomore when Harmon was a senior. She began performing in plays in high school. In 1996 she graduated from the School of Speech (now School of Communication) at Northwestern University, where she majored in Theater and Hispanic Studies and was a member of the Kappa Alpha Theta sorority.
Eric Hester was born on January 9, 1974 in Las Vegas, Nevada. In 1979, he moved with his family to Newport Beach, California. In 1988, he moved to San Clemente where he attended San Clemente High School and studied with composer and songwriter, Mike Bacich, of Oingo Boingo. In 1992, Hester moved to Los Angeles, where he attended the University of California, Los Angeles extension program.
Peter Andreas Munch was born in Nes, in Hedmark county, Norway. He studied theology at the University of Oslo receiving a Candidatus theologiæ degree in 1932. During 1937 and 1938, he was a scientific member of the Norwegian expedition to Tristan da Cunha. During 1943 and 1944, he was imprisoned by the German occupation forces. In 1944, he studied sociology and graduating with a Doctor of Philosophy in 1946 with a thesis titled Sociology of Tristan da Cunha based on the gemeinschaft concepts introduced by Ferdinand Tönnies. After 1946, he completed linguistic studies at the University of Oxford and University of Wittenberg.
Edward Malloy was born on May 3, 1941 in Washington, D.C.. He received a B.A. and an M.A. in English from the University of Notre Dame in 1963 and 1967, and an M.A. in Theology in 1969. He was ordained as priest in 1970, and he received a PhD in Christian ethics from Vanderbilt University in 1975.
Bruford explained that he chose to play drums because he watched American jazz drummers of the 1960s on BBC TV on Saturday evenings. These programmes turned the head of the thirteen-year-old Bruford. He found all the instrumentalists to be fascinating and mysterious, but particularly the drummers. His sister then gave him his first pair of brushes as a present. He was educated at Tonbridge School. He later took a few lessons - while still attending Public School - from Lou Pocock of the Royal Philharmonic, but after that he picked up other techniques wherever he found them.
Barolong Seboni (born 1957) is a poet and academic from Botswana. He received his BA from the University of Botswana and his Master's Degree from the University of Wisconsin-- Madison. He has translated Botswana proverbs into English. He also had a column in The Guardian and has done work in other mediums like radio.
Kirtivardhan Bhagwat Jha Azad (born January 2, 1959, Purnea, Bihar) is a former Indian cricketer who played in seven Tests and 25 ODIs from 1980 to 1986. He attended Modern School in Delhi where he was part of the school cricket team. The highlight of his career was being part of the Indian team that won the 1983 Cricket World Cup. His performance as a bowler was a key factor when India defeated England in the semi-finals.
P. S. Ayyaswamy earned a PhD in Mechanical Engineering in 1971 from University of California, Los Angeles, following a M.E. (1967) and M.S. (1965) from Columbia University, New York, and a B.E. (1962) from University of Mysore, India. From 1971-1974 he was a post-doctoral scholar at University of California, Los Angeles, where he conducted research on capillary flows in grooved surfaces, large scale safety of nuclear reactors and bounding theories in turbulence. He then joined the faculty of the University of Pennsylvania where he rose through the ranks and now is the Asa Whitney Professor of Mechanical Engineering.
J. Graham Parsons was born in New York City on October 28, 1907. He was educated at Groton School, graduating in 1925, and Yale University, receiving his B.A. in 1929.
Cesare Wright completed his MFA in Cinematic Arts at the University of Southern California. In 2002, Wright received the Louis Sudler Award in Humanities at Rice University for his ethnographic documentary film ``Back to the Primitive'', which explores issues of including human suspension, body modification, S&M performance, and Satanic and Luciferian stage rituals. Wright also worked as a News Editor for Fox 26 News in Houston, TX. While filming ``Border Wars'', a documentary about paramilitary civilian activity along the U.S./Mexico border, Wright recorded one of the first documented incursions of Mexican soldiers across the U.S. border. In 2007, Wright directed ``Goals'', a film exploring issues of immigration and assimilation vicariously through sports, which premiered on The Documentary Channel and NYC TV. Material from his films has aired on numerous national and international broadcasts, including Fox, Telemundo, German Spiegel TV, and French TV 2. The industry premiere of ``Border Wars'' was held at the Karlovy Vary Intl. Film Festival. Working with the Gracie family, founders of Brazilian jiu-jitsu, Wright directed the ``Gracie Women Empowered'' series, which released in June 2011.
Her parents were the film producer Wilbur Stark (1912--1995) and New York television host Kathi Norris (1919--2005). She was educated privately in Manhattan at The Hewitt School. She moved to London at the age of sixteen.
Bryan Penberthy (December 29, 1976 - ) is an American poet. Born in Dearborn, Michigan, in 1976, he was raised near Leavenworth, Kansas. He received his B.A. from Kansas State University in 2000, and his M.F.A. from Purdue University in 2003. During his time at Purdue, Penberthy served as Poetry Editor for Sycamore Review.
Gary Winkel is a Professor of Environmental Psychology at the Graduate Center of the City University of New York He received his Ph.D. in psychology at the University of Washington with a minor in quantitative methods.
Simon Richard Green, born 1955 in Bradford on Avon, Wiltshire, is a British science fiction and fantasy-author. He holds a degree in Modern English and American Literature from the University of Leicester. He began his writing career in 1973, sold his first story Manslayer in 1976, and had his first publication, Awake, Awake, Ye Northern Winds in 1979. Simon R. Green began his rise to success in 1988 when he sold seven novels and in 1989 when he received a commission to write the bestselling novelization of the Kevin Costner film , which has sold more than 370,000 copies. Since 1990, Green has written dozens more novels and short stories, placing him among the more prolific science fiction authors to date. Simon R. Green currently resides in Bradford on Avon, Wiltshire, United Kingdom where he continues to write.
Bryant McFadden attended McArthur High School in Hollywood, Florida. He was ranked the top cornerback by most recruiting services. As a senior, he was a USA Today All-USA selection, a Parade All-America first team selection, and named to the Super Southern 100 team by the Atlanta Journal Constitution, after posting two interceptions and 75 tackles. As a junior, he posted one interception and 75 tackles.
John Frizzell (born 1966) is an American film and television composer. As a young boy, Frizzell sang soprano in the National Cathedral Choir, the Paris Opera Company, and the Metropolitan Opera Company. However, once he hit puberty, his voice changed. He continued his study of music at the University of Southern California and the Manhattan School of Music, but he began to focus more on the jazz guitar than voice. After he finished college, Frizzell worked with Michael Mainieri, a famous producer and became exposed to synthesis and helped Mainieri on many commercials, movies, and records.
Walter Rehberg came from a line of notable pianists. His grandfather was Friedrich Rehberg, a distinguished pianist, and his father Willy Rehberg (1863--1937). Walter studied under his father at Hoch Conservatory, Frankfurt, and at the University School of Music at Mannheim. He later received tuition from Eugen d'Albert. By 1924 he had composed piano sonatas, a violin sonata and other piano pieces. During the 1930s he made recordings for Polydor/Brunswick records.
John Macdonald Aiken (1880-1961) was born in Aberdeen. He was a painter in oil and watercolour, an etcher and stained glass artist. After serving a six-year apprenticeship as a draughtsman with the lithographer Robert Gibb RSA (1845-1932), he studied at Gray's School of Art in Aberdeen, at the Royal College of Art in London under Gerald Moira (1867-1959) and in Florence.
John Stroeder (born July 24, 1958, in Bremerton, Washington) is a retired American professional basketball player. He attended the University of Montana.
Richard Boston was born in London and brought up on a Kent farm. He was educated at Stowe School, Regent Street Polytechnic and King's College, Cambridge. During the early 1960s he taught abroad in Sweden, Sicily and Paris. In 1966, towards the end of his period in France he worked, as a film extra, acting as a longshot standin for Jacques Tati in his film Playtime.
Sackville Tufton, 8th Earl of Thanet (Lord Thanet) (1733--1786). He was the second son of Sackville Tufton, 7th Earl of Thanet. Tufton received his early education at Westminster School. He was the father of the 9th, 10th and 11th Earls of Thanet, and John Tufton, a noted cricketer. He was hereditary High Sheriff of Westmorland from 1753 to 1786.
Sarah Fisher is the daughter of Sam Fisher and Regan Burns. Sarah was born on an American Air Force Base in Germany on May 31, 1985. Shorty after her parents divorced, Sarah's mother, Regan, had changed her surname back to Burns. Regan died from ovarian cancer when Sarah was fifteen. Throughout her childhood, Sarah (taking her mother's surname) encountered many tough times with her father, especially when he went on his missions. She was not always aware what kind of work her father did, but she knew it was government-related. During the events of the first novel, Sarah was made aware of her father's true job, and this helped her to understand that it wasn't Sam's fault he was always away. In June 2003, she graduated from Towson High School and went on to attend Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois, where she was majoring in International Relations with a minor in Art History. Nearly five years later, Sarah (now going by her father's surname) appears to be killed by a ``drunk driver'' while her father was away on a mission in Iceland. Sam was devastated by her apparent death, and went into a deep depression.
He earned a bachelor's degree in English from Texas State University in San Marcos in 1991 and a master's degree in English from the University of Texas in 1994. He currently runs two businesses in the graphic design field, Jeff Koke Design, a design and marketing firm in Austin, Texas, and PointClips, a resource for high-quality professional PowerPoint artwork.
Michael Kimball was born February 1, 1967 in Lansing, Michigan and is the author of The Way the Family Got Away (2000), How Much of Us There Was (2005); Us (2011), and Dear Everybody (2008). He has also published the book Words (2010) under the conceptual pseudonym Andy Devine. He studied at Michigan State University and New York University, and now lives in Baltimore, Maryland.
Paul Cristo was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma. In 1992, Cristo moved to Phoenix, Arizona with his family. He attended Arcadia High School and graduated in 1998. He later attended Berklee College of Music in Boston and in 2001, received a Bachelor's degree in Music Composition, graduating magna cum laude.
Sergei Guriev was born on October 21, 1971 in Vladikavkaz,Russia. He received his high school diploma in 1988 from Kiev Physics Mathematics High School #145. In 1993 he graduated Summa Cum Laude from Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology with Masters in Economics and Computer Science and in 1994 received his PhD in Applied Mathematics from The Russian Academy of Sciences. In 1997-98, he visited the Department of Economics at MIT for a one-year post-doctoral placement. In 2002 he received a degree of Doctor of Science in Economics. In 2003-2004 he was a Visiting Assistant Professor at the Department of Economics at Princeton University.
Carol A. Beier was born September 27, 1958 in Kansas City, Kansas. She attended Benedictine College in Atchison before earning a B.S. in Journalism at the University of Kansas in 1981. Beier later went on to obtain a J.D. at KU in 1985 and an LL.M., at University of Virginia School of Law in 2004. Justice Beier currently resides in Topeka with her husband Richard W. Green and their three children.
Helen Hemphill worked for 20 years in advertising and public relations prior to her second career in teaching. She taught 6th grade language arts for four years at Oak Hill School in Nashville and was a writer in residence for Franklin Road Academy in Nashville during 2009-2010. She is now a trainer for The Six Traits Writing model and a teaching fellow for the National Writing Project.
Orlando Lightfoot (born December 4, 1974) is a retired American professional basketball player whose international career spanned between 1994--95 and 2006--07. He is best known in the United States for his collegiate career at the University of Idaho between 1991--92 and 1993--94 in which he was a two-time Big Sky Conference Player of the Year and graduated as the all-time leading scorer in conference history (2,201 points). Since retiring from basketball he has become an account manager for a trucking company in his hometown of Chattanooga, Tennessee.
Michael Jackson was inducted onto the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 1980 as member of The Jacksons and in 1984 as solo artist. Throughout his career he received numerous honors and awards, including the World Music Awards' Best-Selling Pop Male Artist of the Millennium, the American Music Award's Artist of the Century Award and the Bambi Pop Artist of the Millennium Award. He was a double-inductee of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, once as a member of The Jackson 5 in 1997 and later as a solo artist in 2001. Jackson was also inducted in several other hall of fames, including Vocal Group Hall of Fame (as The Jackson 5 member) in 1999, Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2002 and Hit Parade Hall of Fame (with his brothers) in 2009. In 2010, Jackson was inducted into the Dance Hall of Fame as the first (and currently only) dancer from the world of pop and rock 'n' roll. His awards include many Guinness World Records (eight in 2006 alone), 13 Grammy Awards (as well as the Grammy Legend Award and the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award), 26 American Music Awards (24 only as a solo artist, including the ``Artist of the Century'', but not the poll of ``Artist of the '80s'')--more than any artist--, 13 number one singles in the US in his solo career--more than any other male artist in the Hot 100 era--and estimated sales of up to 750 million records worldwide, making him the world's best selling male solo pop artist. On December 29, 2009, the American Film Institute recognized Jackson's passing as a ``moment of significance'' saying, ``Michael Jackson's sudden death in June at age 50 was notable for the worldwide outpouring of grief and the unprecedented global eulogy of his posthumous concert rehearsal movie This Is It.'' Michael Jackson also received a Doctor of Humane Letters Degree from the United Negro College Fund and also an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters from Fisk University.
Laura Wells was born and raised in Traverse City, Michigan. She earned her BA from Wayne State University in Detroit in 1969, where she was a scholarship student, majored in foreign languages, and was elected to the Phi Beta Kappa society. Wells earned a Masters of Education at Antioch University, and later worked in finance, business analysis and computer programming.
His great-uncle was the Rev. Dr. Israel Chauncy, the youngest son of President Charles Chauncy. He graduated in 1661 from Harvard College and was called as the pastor at the Congregational Church at Stratford, Connecticut in 1663. On November 11, 1701, he was chosen Rector, or President of the new founded Yale College in New Haven, Connecticut. Professor Kingsley, in his History of Yale College, remarks of him, that ``he had a high reputation for scholarship.'' He, however, declined the appointment. Dr. Charles Chauncy of Boston says of him, `` He spent his days among that people (the people of Stratford) in great reputation as a physician, as well as a divine. It was said of him that he was one of the most hospitable and benevolent old gentlemen.
Ian Jenkins studied at the University of Bristol where he read Ancient Greek with Archaeology and Ancient History. He joined the British Museum in 1978, receiving his PhD from the University of London in 1990.
Laurence (or Lawrence) Nowell (died 1576) was a churchman and first cousin of Laurence Nowell the antiquarian. He entered Brasenose College, Oxford, in 1536 and received his MA in 1544. Having strong Protestant views, Nowell fled England when Mary took the throne, eventually joining his brother, Alexander Nowell, in Frankfort.
In July 2009 Jane Eaglen received an honorary Doctorate from Bishop Grosseteste University College Lincoln. She became a Doctor of the University College.
Longley was born in Sydney, New South Wales, and attended Mona Vale Primary School, Sydney Grammar Preparatory School, Narrabeen High School, and St Andrew's Cathedral School. He received his Bachelor of Economics from the University of Sydney, and a Masters degree from Macquarie University, and also attended the University of Washington, in the United States of America. On 19 January 1991, he married Sally Welch. They have two children, a daughter and a son. Longley is an Anglican. Longley is a Certified Practising Accountant, and a Fellow of the Society of Certified Practising Accountants. Before entering politics, he was a banking executive. Longley began his political career in 1974, when he joined the Liberal Party of Australia. In 1978 he founded the Pittwater Young Liberals, and served as President and then Secretary of the organisation.
Born and brought up in Bridgend (), David Emanuel excelled in music. He became head choir boy at his local church, sang in the County Youth Choir, played violin in the County Youth Orchestra and taught himself to play the cello. He was accepted by the Welsh College of Music & Drama (), Cardiff, but chose to study design at Cardiff School of Art and Design (1972--75). He went on to study Fashion Design at Harrow School of Art, London (1974--75), where he met Elizabeth Weiner, whom he married in 1976. David and Elizabeth Emanuel studied design together at the Royal College of Art, London (1976--77), the only married couple the College has accepted.
===Early life George Goldner was born February 9, 1918 to a mother Rose originally from Poland and father Adolph from Austria. He and his sisters Sophie and Stella grew up in the Turtle Bay neighborhood of the east side of New York City. As a young man George attended Peter Stuyvesant High School. But his eyes were on making money. While still in school he worked weekends as a waiter at the then famous Shelton Hotel where his father also worked. George, with his handsome looks and charm, was always a favorite at the hotel. At the same time George's father was acquiring brownstone furnished room houses. This background was his education to be successful in business.
Stewart Rawlings Mott (December 4, 1937 -- June 12, 2008) Born in Flint, Michigan was a philanthropist who founded the Stewart R. Mott Charitable Trust. He was the son of Charles Stewart Mott, and appeared on Nixon's Enemies List for his support of liberal causes. He attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology for three years, and finished his education at Columbia University earning two Bachelor's degrees, one in business administration and one in comparative literature. He wrote a thesis on Sophocles for a Master's Degree from Columbia, which he never finished. His philanthropy included abortion reform, birth control, sex research, feminism, arms control, gay rights, civil liberties, governmental reform, and research on extrasensory perception. He gave his occupation as ``maverick'' in the 1978 photo essay Cat People.
Eugene Migliaro Corporon is the conductor of the Wind Symphony and Regents Professor of Music at the University of North Texas College of Music. As Director of Wind Studies he guides all aspects of the program, including the masters and doctoral degrees in Wind Conducting. Mr. Corporon is a graduate of California State University, Long Beach and Claremont Graduate University. His performances have drawn praise from colleagues, composers and critics alike.
Born in Erie, Pennsylvania to Egyptian immigrant parents, Boone studied Art History at Rhode Island School of Design and received her BFA in 1973. Deciding she did not have the skill to make it as a painter, Boone moved to New York City to study art history at Hunter College. After working as a secretary at the influential Bykert Gallery, she opened her own gallery in SoHo in 1977 to a positive reception. Her first two artists, Julian Schnabel and David Salle rapidly became popular in the Neo-expressionism movement. While Schnabel became a celebrity artist, Boone was recognized as a new breed of dealer; young and aggressive. Boone was able to expand her gallery across the street in 1981 and, in 1982, secured emerging artist Eric Fischl. Boone had earned a reputation for hype and media frenzy around herself and her artists when she was featured on the cover of New York magazine that same year. The rising artist Jean-Michel Basquiat joined the Mary Boone Gallery before his well received 1984 solo show there, but left the gallery after his second show. Established artist Barbara Kruger was the first female artist to join Boone in 1987, surprising the art world that a leading feminist ``deconstructivist'' appropriation artist would join the gallery best known for aggressive neo-expressionist painting.
Edward Tuckerman Potter (born September 25, 1831 in Schenectady, New York - October 24, 1904) was an American architect best known for designing the 1871 Mark Twain House in Hartford, Connecticut. With his half-brother William Appleton Potter, he also designed Nott Memorial Hall at his alma mater, Union College, Schenectady, New York (1858--79). Both the Mark Twain House and Nott Memorial Hall are National Historic Landmarks.
Dray attended Purdue University where he was a running back and defensive back under coach Joe Tiller. His freshman seson he was redshirted. The next year he moved from cornerback to running back to help add depth. His sophomore season, he was a contributor on Special Teams, and got one carry for 4 yards. For the 2007 season, Dray was ruled academically ineligiable, and didn't play for the Boilermakers.
Born in Venice, Massimo Cacciari graduated in philosophy from the University of Padua (1967), where he also received his doctorate, writing a thesis on Immanuel Kant's ``Critique of Judgment.'' In 1985, he became professor of Aesthetics at the Architecture Institute of Venice. In 2002, he founded the Department of Philosophy at the University of Vita-Salute San Raffaele in Milan, where he was appointed Dean of the Department in 2005. Massimo Cacciari has founded several philosophical reviews and published essays centered on the ``negative thought'' inspired by authors like Friedrich Nietzsche, Martin Heidegger and Ludwig Wittgenstein.
Ronald Hayman was born on May 4, 1932 in Bournemouth, England to John and Sadie Hayman. He was educated at St Paul's School in London and at Trinity Hall, Cambridge University, where he earned a B.A. in 1954 and an M.A. in 1963. He served in the Royal Air Force for a one year duty, from 1950-1951.
Bludder was the son of Sir Thomas Bludder of Flanchford Reigate, a commissioner of the Victualling Office. He matriculated at Christ's College, Cambridge, in 1614 and graduated BA in 1617. He was admitted to the Inner Temple in 1616 and was knighted in 1618.
Andrew Lack is the son of the ornithologist David Lack (1910--1973). He was educated at the Dragon School, Oxford and Bryanston School, Dorset. He studied for an undergraduate degree in botany at Aberdeen University and obtained his doctorate, also in botany, from the University of Cambridge.
Born in Nashville, Tennessee, Linda Schele graduated from the University of Cincinnati in Education and Art in 1964, and obtained her post graduate degree in Art in 1968. She married David Schele in 1968, and started teaching Studio Art at the University of South Alabama, remaining there till 1980, by which time she was Professor.
For the baseball player, see Herb Welch. Herbert Doyan Welch, Jr. (born January 12, 1961 in Los Angeles, California) is a former American football defensive back in the National Football League for the New York Giants, Washington Redskins, and the Detroit Lions. He started in Super Bowl XXI for the Giants. Welch played college football at the University of California, Los Angeles and was drafted in the twelfth round of the 1985 NFL Draft.
Gregory Orr (born 1947, Albany, NY) is an American poet. He received a B.A. degree from Antioch College and an M.F.A. from Columbia University. He is a professor of English at the University of Virginia where he founded the MFA Program in Writing in 1975, and served from 1978 to 2003 as Poetry Editor of the Virginia Quarterly Review. He is also a columnist and editor of the magazine, Sacred Bearings: A Journal for Survivors. He lives with his wife, the painter Trisha Orr, and their two daughters in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Michael Crowley is a senior correspondent and deputy Washington bureau chief for ''Time'' magazine. From 2000 to 2010 he was a writer for The New Republic. His work has also been published in The New York Times, The Atlantic, GQ, New York and Slate. Michael Crichton allegedly based a minor character on him in his novel Next. He is a 1994 graduate of Yale University.
James Wilson was born in Crawfordsville, Indiana, in 1825. He graduated from Wabash College in Crawfordsville in 1842 at the age of seventeen. In 1845, he graduated from Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana, with a degree in law.
Peter Schiff was born and raised in New Haven, Connecticut. His father, Irwin Schiff, is a prominent figure in the U.S. tax protester movement, currently serving a 13-year sentence for tax evasion. Peter Schiff attended Beverly Hills High School in California, and graduated from the University of California, Berkeley in 1987 with a Bachelor's degree in finance and accounting.
Sam Spedding is an English actor and comedian, and a member of the comedy troupe The Hollow Men. He was educated at Winchester College (Serjeant's House (Phil's) 1990 to 1995) at the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art and Selwyn College, Cambridge. Sam Spedding has appeared on television in Absolutely Fabulous and As If, and on stage in Rupert Russell's Moving Parts. Sam has more recently taken on the role as head of financial conference sales for the Mergermarket group. Sam is currently featured on Radio 4 on Thursdays at 1830hrs (9 November 2007) in the second season of the Hollow Men.
Carmi Thompson was born at Wayne County, West Virginia. He was moved to Ironton, Lawrence County, Ohio when he was three years old, where he graduated from Ironton High School in 1886.
More was the son of Rev. Thomas Frederick More, J.P., of Linley Hall. Shropshire, and his wife Harriet Mary More daughter of Thomas More of Larden Hall, Much Wenlock. He was educated at Balliol College, Oxford and called to the bar at Lincolns Inn in 1863.
Thomas was born in 1947 and educated at Dyffryn Grammar School before winning a scholarship to Jesus College, Oxford where he studied mathematics. After obtaining his BA in 1969 and a diploma in applied statistics in 1970, he transferred to St John's College, Cambridge where he studied theology in preparation for his ordination. He was ordainted deacon in 1973 and priest in 1974, serving initially as curate in Whitchurch and then in Lisvane before becoming chaplain at Cardiff University (1980--1985). He was appointed as vicar of St David's, Brecon, with Llanspyddid and Llanilltyd in 1985, moving to Bassaleg in 1991 before becoming Dean of Llandaff in 2000. In addition to his parish ministry, Lewis has served as secretary of the Provincial Selection Panel of the Church in Wales and as chaplain for Continuing Ministerial Education for the Bishop of Monmouth.
Oskar Kallas was the youngest son of the Vicar of Kaarma on the island of Saaremaa. He developed an interested in Estonian folklore and finnic languages at an early age. Kallas assisted the folklorist Jakob Hurt in his epic collection of Estonian folk poetry. In 1889, he undertook his first trip to Finland, which proved influential. Kallas studied classical philology at the University of Tartu between 1887 to 1892, then studied Finnish folklore and Finno-Ugric languages at the University of Helsinki from 1892 to 1893.
Brian Martin (born August 18, 1962, in Fort Smith, Arkansas) is an American former professional basketball player, who had a brief career in the NBA. He attended Hutchinson Community College and the University of Kansas.
Alec Merrison initially attended Tottenham Grammar School and subsequently Enfield Grammar School, before going on to King's College London (which had been evacuated to Bristol during the Second World War) graduating B.Sc. with First Class Honours in 1944.
Arland Thornton is an American sociologist who specializes in the study of marriage and family. He was the director of the Population Studies Center at the University of Michigan from 2004-2008. He received his bachelors degree from Brigham Young University, and his M.A. and Ph.D. from the University of Michigan.
Mervyn Horton was born and grew up in Sydney, attending Newington College (1930--1935), Stanmore and the University of Sydney where he studied engineering.
Seattle has long had a rich musical heritage, as many of rock's top names since the '60s have hailed from the area. In the mid-20th-century the thriving jazz scene in the city's Skid Road and Central Districts launched the careers of such luminaries as Ray Charles and Quincy Jones. Both Jones and, later, Jimi Hendrix attended Garfield High School, and in the '60s, such garage rock/proto punk bands as the Sonics and the Wailers emerged, and in the '70s, Heart. The '80s saw such Seattle heavy metal acts as Queensrÿche and Metal Church gain popularity, while Seattle native Duff McKagan went on to massive success with Guns N' Roses after relocating to Los Angeles. But it was perhaps the early '90s grunge movement for which Seattle is best known from a musical perspective. During this time such acts as Mother Love Bone, Nirvana, Pearl Jam, Soundgarden, Temple of the Dog, Alice in Chains, and Mudhoney (band) scored massive worldwide hits, and turned the musical tide from glam metal to a style that borrowed equally from garage rockers (the Sonics), punk (the Stooges), and '70s heavy metal (Black Sabbath).
Steven Paul Smith was born at the Clarkson Hospital in Omaha, Nebraska, the only child to Gary Smith, a student at the University of Nebraska Medical Center, and Bunny Kay Berryman, an elementary school music teacher. His parents divorced when he was six months old, and Smith moved with his mother to Duncanville, Texas. Much later in his life, Smith got a tattoo of a map of Texas on his upper arm and said, ``I didn't get it because I like Texas, kind of the opposite. But I won't forget about it, although I'm tempted to because I don't like it there.''
Hugh Davson (1909 -- 1996) was a 20th century English physiologist who worked on membrane transport and ocular fluids. He attended University College School. He later studied at University College London and took a variety of research posts at institutes such as UCL, and Canada's Dalhousie University. With James Danielli he proposed a model for cell membrane structure which became known as the Davson-Danielli or ``protein sandwich'' model. In 1931 he married the society portrait painter Marjorie Heath with whom he had one daughter.
Demos holds a Doctor of Musical Arts degree in Composition from the Cleveland Institute of Music and Case Western Reserve University where he studied with Donald Erb. He also holds a Master of Music degree in composition from the Indiana University Jacobs School of Music where he studied with Donald Erb, Eugene O’Brien, Harvey Sollberger, and John Eaton. He received a Bachelor of Music degree in clarinet performance from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill where he studied composition with Roger Hannay.
Stewart Wurtz was born and raised in Maine. He worked for Thomas Moser Cabinetmakers before he started architecture school at the Boston Architectural Center. After a year or so in architecture school, he enrolled at Boston University in the Program in Artisanry headed furniture maker Jere Osgood. Wurtz earned his B.F.A. in Furniture Design in 1984. Two years later Wurtz moved to Seattle, Washington and opened a studio to design and build custom furniture.
In 1914 he served as a soldier in the First World War, which he survived only after being seriously wounded. After the war he attended the College of Ceramics in Höhr, near Koblenz. In the years which followed he worked as a freelance sculptor in the town of his birth, as well as in Düsseldorf and Munich. He also exhibited works in conjunction with the group Das Junge Rheinland, whose members included Otto Dix and Max Ernst. In 1920 he married Hette Meyerbach. He moved to Essen in 1922, at the same time as the Folkwang Museum. In Essen, the state sponsored the foundation of the Margarethenhöhe artists colony, where he occupied a studio. He created free-standing and architectural sculptures for buildings designed by the architects Edmund Körner, Georg Metzendorf and Alfred Fischer. Along with his work as an artist he also ran a ceramics workshop. Both Hermann Blumenthal and Fritz Cremer began their artistic careers in his studio. In 1931, on the express recommendation of Max Liebermann, he received a scholarship from the Prussian Academy of Arts to study in Rome, and spent nine months at the Villa Massimo, working alongside the artists Werner Gilles, Ernst Wilhelm Nay and Hermann Blumenthal. In 1932 he joined the KPD, the German Communist Party.
William Lowe Bryan (November 11, 1860 -- November 21, 1955) was the 10th president of Indiana University, serving from 1902 to 1937. Having been born near Bloomington, Bryan graduated from IU with degrees in ancient classics and philosophy. His interests shifted toward psychology and Bryan went on to earn his Ph.D. in psychology from Clark University in 1892. That same year Bryan helped organize the American Psychological Association and became one of its charter members. He returned to IU in 1893 to accept a professorship in the psychology department and the appointment to vice president of the university. He succeeded Joseph Swain as president in 1902 and led the institution for 35 years until 1937, at which time he retired as president emeritus at the age of 76. Bryan presided over the transformation of IU from a small, traditional liberal arts college into a modern research university. His most notable accomplishment was the expansion of graduate and professional training. During his administration, schools or departments of medicine, education, journalism, nursing, business, music, and dentistry were established. He died in Bloomington in 1955.
Paul Nash (born 1947) is a South African sprinter who tied the 100-metre world record four times in 1968 with a time of 10.0 seconds. He attended Michaelhouse school in the province of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
David Kamo is an only child born to Curt and Kathleen ``Kit'' Kamo. He graduated from New Plymouth High School in New Plymouth, Idaho and attended Treasure Valley Community College, receiving certification in many types of welding. David currently lives in Caldwell, Idaho.
Hamid Javaid is the son of Late Mohammad Ashraf (prominent leader of Allama Mashriqi's Khaksar Tehrik). Before joining the army, he attended Cadet College Hasan Abdal. He was commissioned in the Armoured Corps of the Pakistan Army on 31 October 1965. He received his basic training from the School of Armour at Nowshera followed by training in the United States Army Armor School, Fort Knox, Kentucky. He is a graduate of Command and Staff College, Quetta and National Defence College, Rawalpindi.
He belonged to the wealthy Booth family of Salford; he was the son of Robert Booth and Anne Mosley, daughter of Oswald Moseley of Ancoats, ancestor of the politician Sir Oswald Moseley. His father died young and his mother remarried the noted Presbyterian preacher Thomas Case. He was educated at Manchester Grammar School and St. John's College, Cambridge, where he matriculated in 1644. He entered Gray's Inn in 1642 and was called to the bar in 1650; he became an ancient of Gray's Inn in 1662.
Roger Williams was born in South Wales and grew up near Merthyr Tydfil, where he was educated at Tredegar Grammar School. He continued his studies at Worcester College, Oxford, where he became an Honorary Fellow in 1999.
Robert Black was born in Dallas, Texas in 1950. The pianist William Black (1952-2003) was his brother. He started his piano studies at age 5, presenting his first public recital at 13. He studied at Oberlin College and the Juilliard School in New York, where his teachers included Beveridge Webster, Roger Sessions and David Diamond. He taught at Oberlin, Stanford University, Long Island University (C. W. Post Campus), Princeton University and the University of California, Santa Barbara.
Tullio Regge (born July 11, 1931 in Turin) is an Italian theoretical physicist. He obtained a degree in physics from the University of Turin in 1952, and a Ph.D. in physics from the University of Rochester in 1957 under the direction of Robert Marshak. From 1958 to 1959 Regge held a post at the Max Planck Institute for Physics where he worked with Werner Heisenberg. In 1961 he was appointed to chair of Relativity at the University of Turin. He also held an appointment at the Institute for Advanced Study from 1965 to 1979. At present he is emeritus professor at the Polytechnic University of Turin.
Pertti Tikka is a Finnish ski-orienteering competitor and world champion. He received an individual gold medal at the World Ski Orienteering Championships in Avesta in 1980. He received a silver meal in 1982, and a bronze medal in 1984.
Kim Kashkashian studied the viola with Karen Tuttle. She also studied at the Interlochen Center for the Arts. She won the 2nd prize at the 1980 Lionel Tertis International Viola Competition and the 1980 ARD International Music Competition in Munich. She has been featured on over 30 albums and performs pieces from both classical and contemporary composers, working among others with Gidon Kremer and Yo Yo Ma, the Vienna Philharmonic and Nikolaus Harnoncourt. She also played the viola in the soundtrack of the film Ulysses' Gaze, together with Eleni Karaindrou. Her albums have won awards, notably the 1999 Edison Prize and the Cannes Prize for Chamber Music in 2000.
Katharine Scherman Rosin (October 7, 1915 -- December 11, 2009) was an American author of non-fiction. Born in New York, she was the daughter of Harry and Bernardine (Kielty) Scherman. She married Axel G. Rosin on April 10, 1943. She had two children, Karen and Susanna. She received a B.A from Swarthmore College in 1938. Her interests include ornithology, mountain climbing, reading and music (she played piano and cello).
Joel Moses was born in Palestine in 1941 and emigrated to the U.S. in 1954. He attended Midwood High School in Brooklyn, New York. He received his undergraduate degree in Mathematics from Columbia University and a masters degree in Mathematics, also from Columbia. Under the supervision of Marvin Minsky, Moses received his doctorate in Mathematics at MIT in 1967 with a thesis entitled Symbolic Integration. This laid the groundwork for the Macsyma symbolic mathematics program that was created at MIT largely under his supervision between 1969 and 1983. Macsyma was able to solve problems such as simplification, polynomial factorization, indefinite integration, solution of differential equations, and other higher-order mathematical questions.
Munrow was born in Birmingham and was the son of Birmingham University dance teacher Hilda Norman Munrow and Albert Davis 'Dave' Munrow, a Birmingham University lecturer and physical education instructor who wrote a book on the subject. David Munrow attended King Edward's School, Birmingham until 1960. He excelled academically.
She taught nutrition at the University of British Columbia from 1965 to 68 and did research with Thomas L. Perry MD on the inborn error of metabolism homocysteinurea, including an article that was published in the Lancet in 1968. (1) She again taught nutrition at the University of British Columbia in 1973-74. Between 1975 and 1978, she was a nutritionist with the health department of the government of British Columbia in Kelowna. Between 1978 and 1981 she lived in India and Nepal; becoming vegetarian in 1978 and becoming vegan in 1993. She legally changed her name to Vesanto Melina.
Allan Dennis is the founder and director of the Midwest Young Artists youth orchestra program based in Highwood, Illinois. He received his doctorate from Indiana University, his Bachelor's and Master's degrees from the State University of New York at Fredonia and has also studied at the Eastman School of Music and The Royal Flemish Conservatory of Music, in Antwerp. He also conducts the Kankakee Valley Symphony Orchestra.
Helena Bliss was born as Helena Louise Lipp in St. Louis, Missouri on December 31, 1917. Her parents were Albert Lipp and Augusta Clemens. She was educated at Washington University in St. Louis. In 1947 she married actor and singer John Tyers who starred opposite her is several productions and performed with several notable opera companies; including the Metropolitan Opera. He died in 2007 after 60 years of marriage. The couple had two sons together: John and Michael Tyers.
Birendra Narayan Chakraborty was an Indian politician who served as the second governor of Haryana. He attended Kolkata's Scottish Church College. He served from September 15, 1967 to March 27, 1976.
Ezechiel Nibigira is currently President of Burundi's ruling party CNDD-FDD's youth wing of members aged 40 and under. He is also a Member of Parliament representing Bujumbura rural where he chairs Burundi's parliament's Finance committee. Prior to his current post Nibigira was head of Burundi's customs as well as imports and exports,. During President Pierre Nkurunziza's 2010 elections campaign, Nibigira was a chief campaign manager. Nibigira earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Business from Hope Africa University.
Warren Cariou received a B.A. (Hons) from the University of Saskatchewan and an MA and PhD from the University of Toronto (1998). In 1999 he published a book of short stories: The Exalted Company of Roadside Martyrs with Coteau Books. This was followed up in 2002 with his memoir Lake of the Prairies, which gained him a wider audience. It won the 2002 Drainie-Taylor Prize for Biography and was shortlisted for the 2004 Charles Taylor Prize. In 2005 he served on the jury for the prestigious Scotiabank Giller Prize. He is currently working on a novel titled Exhaust. Cariou is married to the poet and literature professor Alison Calder.
Ron Micheli was born in Fort Bridger in Uinta County in the southwestern corner of Wyoming to Joseph G. Micheli (born 1927) and Rebecca T. Micheli (born 1925). In 1966, he graduated from Mountain View High School. In 1970, he received a Bachelor of Science degree in animal science from the University of Wyoming at Laramie. He was voted the ``Outstanding Animal Science Student'' by the agriculture honorary fraternity Alpha Zeta. Micheli has also been recognized as an ``Outstanding Alumnus'' of the University of Wyoming College of Agriculture.
Joseph Millson (born 1974) is an English actor and singer. He trained at the Rose Bruford College of Speech and Drama in Sidcup, Kent.
Sir Julius Caesar (1557/155818 April 1636) was an English judge and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1589 and 1622. Caesar was born near Tottenham in Middlesex, the son of Giulio Cesare Adelmare and his wife Margery Perient, daughter of George Perient of Shropshire and Hertfordshire. His father was an Italian physician to Queen Mary and Queen Elizabeth, descended by the female line from the dukes of Cesarini. Caesar was possibly educated at Winchester College and matriculated at Magdalen Hall, Oxford under date 10 January 1575, aged 16 and was awarded BA on 17 May 1575 and MA on 18 February 1578. He then studied at the University of Paris, where he was made LLB and LLD on 22 April 1581.
Stephen Coleman (born January 29, 1973) is an American film orchestrator and conductor. He received a Bachelor's Degree in Music Composition from the Manhattan School of Music, in New York. in 1994.
John Penrose was born in Cardinham in Cornwall, where his father, also named John, was vicar of the parish. Penrose was educated at Blundell's School in Tiverton and at Corpus Christi College in Oxford. He received a BA in 1799 and an MA in 1802.
He worked as an accountant for the attorney Algernon Sydney Sullivan, who paid for his education at Columbia Law School and made him a partner in Sullivan & Cromwell in 1879.
Christopher Nevill was educated at Winchester College and St John's College, Cambridge. He subsequently became ordained as an Anglican clergyman, and from 1835 until his death was Vicar of East Grinstead.
Ahmed Best was born in New York City on August 19, 1973. He lived the majority of his formal years in the Soundview section of the Bronx. He moved to Maplewood, New Jersey in 1984. He attended Columbia High School. He then studied percussion at the Manhattan School of Music.
Friedhelm Hengsbach was born in Dortmund in 1937. After attending grammar school and passing his A-levels he joined the Society of Jesus when he was twenty, and studied at the order's own Munich School of Philosophy. His work experience in pedagogy took him back to North Rhine-Westphalia, before he studied theology at the Goethe University Frankfurt from 1964 to 1968, and economics at the Ruhr University Bochum from 1968 to 1972. His doctoral thesis was about African states as Associate Members of the European Community, and he obtained a professorship for his thesis on the subject of work ethics: ``The pre-eminence of labour - an option of Catholic social teaching''.
Julius Arnold Koch (August 15, 1864 -- February 2, 1956) was an American chemist born in Germany. Koch graduated from University of Pittsburgh in 1884. Koch was the first dean of the School of Pharmacy at University of Pittsburgh and held this position until his retirement in 1932. In 1897 he discovered together with Ludwig Gattermann the Gattermann-Koch reaction.
Bob Pritchard received a Bachelor of Music degree in Composition and Theory from the University of British Columbia. He subsequently obtained the Master of Music degree from the University of Toronto, where he became active with the Structured Sound Synthesis Project in the U of T Computer Systems Research Group. In the late 1990s, Bob Pritchard returned to UBC to complete his Doctor of Music degree in Composition, with a specialty in computer applications.
Jay Le Fevre (September 6, 1893 - April 26, 1970) was a United States Representative from New York. Born in New Paltz, Ulster County, he graduated from the Lawrenceville School and attended Dartmouth College. During the First World War he served as a second lieutenant in the Reserve Officers Training Corps, Field Artillery, at Camp Taylor, Arkansas in 1918. He was associated with his father in the coal, lumber, feed, and fuel-oil business in New Paltz from 1916 to 1946 and also engaged in the banking business. He was a trustee of the village of New Paltz and was a delegate to the Republican State conventions in 1942 and 1946; he was also a Republican committeeman of New Paltz from 1930 to 1946.
Santhini Govindan (née Kutty) was born to Madhavan Kutty, a career diplomat in the Indian Foreign Service and his wife Santha. She studied at the American Embassy International Schools at Prague in Czechoslovakia, in Berne, Switzerland, and in Colombo, Sri Lanka, where her father was posted. In 1977 she graduated with a Bachelors Degree in Economics from the University of Madras, and then went on to take a Masters Degree in English literature in 1979.
Wilford was born in Lower Hutt in 1870. His parents were the surgeon John George Frederick Wilford and his wife, Elizabeth Catherine Mason. His grandfather on his mother's side was Thomas Mason. He obtained his education at Wellington College in the Wellington suburb of Mount Victoria, followed by Christ's College in Christchurch. He passed his examinations as a lawyer at age 18, but could not be admitted to the bar until he had reached the legal age of 21.
The intention was for Hansteen to become a naval officer, but since his father died when Hansteen was young, this plan did not materialize. Instead, he attended Oslo Cathedral School from the age of nine. Niels Treschow was the principal of this school. Hansteen took the examen artium in 1802, and in 1803 he enrolled at the University of Copenhagen, where he originally studied law. He later took more interest in mathematics, estranged by the lack of universal validity of a country's laws compared to the mathematical laws. He had also been inspired by the lectures of Hans Christian Ørsted. He was hired as the tutor of a young noble, Niels Rosenkrantz von Holstein, who lived at Sorø. Here, he also met his future wife Johanne Cathrine Andrea Borch, a daughter of professor Caspar Abraham Borch. In 1806 he was hired as a mathematics teacher in the gymnasium of Frederiksborg.
Gary DeLong earned his bachelor's degree in business from California State University, Dominguez Hills and an MBA from the University of Southern California.
Edward Harrington Jennings (born February 18, 1937 in Minneapolis, Minnesota) was the 10th President of the The Ohio State University from September 1, 1981 to August 31, 1990 and also the acting (interim) president from July 1, 2002 until October 1, 2002 after Bill Kirwan left the office. Jennings holds a Bachelor of Science in industrial management from the University of North Carolina, an MBA from Case Western Reserve University, and a Ph.D. from the University of Michigan. Faculty and administrative appointments include the University of Iowa and the University of Wyoming. While at Ohio State, Jennings was a professor of finance at the Fisher College of Business. He is also the namesake of the Botany and Zoology Building on the Columbus campus of Ohio State University which reopened in 2007 after extensive renovations, Jennings Hall.
Heinrich Koenen was born in the Konigsberg district of Berlin, the son of Communist Reichstag deputy Wilhelm Koenen. He was selected as political head of the Young Communist League of Germany. He studied engineering at the Technical University of Berlin but for political reasons, was expelled in 1933 before his final examination. He emigrated via Denmark and Sweden to the Soviet Union, where he worked as an engineer in a Moscow tractor factory and in 1940, became a Soviet citizen.
Brandon Rhyder is an American Texas Country/Red Dirt singer from Carthage, Texas. Rhyder graduated from the University of Texas at Tyler with a degree in industrial technology.
Morgan Parker grew up in Brisbane, Australia. He attended Brisbane Boys' College where he served as school captain in 1991. He was subsequently awarded a scholarship to attend Bond University and graduated with a Bachelor of Laws in 1994. From 1996 to 2009 Parker worked with Macquarie Bank, Lend Lease, Morgan Stanley and Taubman Centers across Asia. He became noted for a rock-star-like appearance and being a thought-leader in the Asian real estate industry. Parker was a board member of the Asia Public Real Estate Association and served on the Asia advisory committee of International Council of Shopping Centers. Parker has been featured in over 200 media articles and 20 television segments. Parker speaks regularly at industry conferences.
David Webster was born in 1945 in what was then Northern Rhodesia, where his father worked as a miner in the copper belt. He studied at Rhodes University in Grahamstown, South Africa, where he was involved in student politics.
B. R. Dionysius was born in Dalby, Queensland. He was the chairperson of Fringe Arts Collective Inc from 1994 to 2001; directed the Brisbane Writers Fringe Festival from 1993 to 1996, and directed the Subverse: Queensland Poetry Festival from 1997 to 2001. In 2004, he completed an M.Phil (Creative Writing) at the University of Queensland. He is currently enrolled in a Bachelor of Education (Secondary) Grad Entry, again at the University of Queensland. He lives in Ipswich, Queensland, is married to the writer Melissa Ashley and has two daughters, Rhiannon and Sylvie, and a son, Theo. Universal Andalusia, his third poetry collection was shortlisted for the C. J. Dennis Prize for Poetry in 2006.
Tate Chalk was born and raised in Irmo, South Carolina near the state capital of Columbia. His father Foy, the son of a Baptist minister, was a successful CPA with a local practice and his mother Joanne was a homemaker. Tate attended Irmo High School where he played Varsity Football and was a competitive Equestrian and Endurance Rider. After High School, he accepted a scholarship to Furman University in Greenville, South Carolina and was a Varsity Athlete for the Division 1 Paladins Football Team. A shoulder injury abruptly ended his football career and prompted his decision to return home to Columbia and attend the University of South Carolina. Not long after enrolling, Tate was asked by a USC cheerleader to be her partner at tryouts. Without intending to, Tate made the Varsity Cheerleading Team and began his career in the sport. Tate went on to distinguish himself as one of the most well known male cheerleaders in the nation. He cheered for the University of Kentucky and the University of South Carolina and later coached Georgia State University, University of South Carolina and numerous All Star teams to over 15 National Championships.
Thomas Johnson attended Elmfield College and was Professor of Botany at University College, Dublin from 1890 to 1926.
Hugh Hastings Romilly (1856--1892) was an explorer and third son of Colonel Frederick Romilly and Elizabeth, daughter of William Elliot, third earl of Minto. He was born in London on 15 March 1856, and, at first, educated at the Rev. C. A. Johns's school at Winchester, and then at Repton. He entered Christ Church, Oxford, on 10 October 1874, but took no degree, leaving to enter the business of Messrs. Melly & Co., merchants, of Liverpool.
Peter A. Davis is an associate professor of theatre history at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, with specialties in early American theatre, Restoration theatre and Eighteenth Century cultural history. Additionally he is an avid mountain climber and has scaled six of the Seven Summits, with only Vinson Massif in Antarctica remaining. His research interests include the economic and social influences of theatre in addition to First Amendment and censorship issues related to live performance. His articles and reviews are found in the leading theatre journals, including, Theatre Survey, Theatre History Studies, Journal of American Drama and Theatre, Modern Drama, Theatre Research International, Restoration & 18th century Studies, Journal of American History and Theatre Journal. He was a major contributor to the Cambridge History of American Theatre (1999), winner of the Barnard Hewitt Award from the American Society for Theatre Research and the Special Jury Award of the Theatre Library Association. He also contributed major essays to The American Stage, Engle and Miller, eds. (Cambridge), The Cambridge Guide to American Theatre, Wilmeth, ed. and Inventing Times Square, Taylor, ed. (Russell Sage Foundation). . He is also an award-winning stage director, actor and dramaturg, having worked with a number of major theatre companies in Chicago including Remy Bumppo, Defiant, Strawdog, Writer's Theatre, and Steppenwolf. In 2007, he performed in the original cast, as Jeff Perry's understudy, of the world-premiere production of ``'' at the Steppenwolf Theatre. Awards include the 2006 revival of Gore Vidal's The Best Man with Remy Bumppo (After Dark Award for Best Ensemble, Jeff Nomination for Best Ensemble) and The Philadelphia Story (2008 Jeff Nomination for Best Production), also with Remy Bumppo. He served as the resident dramaturg at Remy Bumppo Theatre Company from 2004 to 2008, and was the dramaturg for Sonia Flew at Steppenwolf in 2006 and for The Turn of the Screw at Writer's Theatre in 2007. As a director, he has worked on dozens of productions, winning both regional and national awards from the American College Theatre Festival. In 1985, his production of Excursion Fare was performed at the Kennedy Center in Washington D.C. as the ACTF recipient of Best Original Play. He also won the ACTF's Best Director of the Year award from Region IX. He is a member of Actors`` Equity Association, Literary Managers and Dramaturgs Association, and The Society for Stage Directors and Choreographers. He is also one of the co-founders of BrandZOO, which was featured in an article on Business Wire in October 2000. Peter A. Davis has attended attended Bowdoin College, where he received M.A. in Drama (Directing) in 1977. He earned his PhD in Communication from the University of Southern California in 1981. Additionally, Peter A. Davis has also appeared in a few films as an actor. He has appeared in Press Start (2007) as Count Nefarious Vile and has reprised this role for the 2011 sequel Press Start 2 Continue. He has also lent his voice to the popular Sim Film Freespace 2 and for Rampage (Korkusuz), where he is the voice of Ziya/Commander. His book From Androboros to the First Amendment: A Cultural and Political History of America's First Play is to be published by the University of Iowa Press in 2010/2011.
Julyana Soelistyo was born to Roman Catholic parents in Sumatra, Indonesia. She attended school in Penang, Malaysia, taking lessons in piano and violin. Later, she attended Oregon State University, where she appeared in productions of The Tempest (as Ariel), Les Liaisons Charmantes, The Misanthrope and Piaf. After Soelistyo graduated in 2002, she attended San Francisco's American Conservatory Theatre to earn her MFA. During 1995 - 1997, Soelistyo played the title characters, all of which were children, in the Seattle Children's Theatre plays Naomi's Road, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, and Still Life with Iris.
Frederic Weatherly was born and brought up in Portishead, Somerset, the eldest son in the large family of Frederick Weatherly (1820--1910), a medical doctor, and his wife, Julia Maria, née Ford (1823--98). He was educated at Hereford Cathedral School from 1859 to 1867, and won a scholarship to Brasenose College, Oxford in 1867. Among his tutors was Walter Pater, who taught him about Italian art. Weatherly entered three times for the Newdigate Prize for poetry, but without success. In 1868, he helped out members of the Brasenose rowing team under Walter Bradford Woodgate who had practised for the Stewards' Challenge Cup at Henley Royal Regatta without a cox. The race at the time was for coxed fours and Weatherly volunteered to start the race with them and immediately jump out of the boat. He did so and the team won but were disqualified. Woodgate had made his point and the race was later changed to one for coxless fours. Weatherly graduated with a degree in Classics in 1871, and in the same year he married Anna Maria Hardwick (d. 1920), with whom he had a son and two daughters. Weatherly and his wife later lived apart.
Alexander Vinogradov (born 1976) is a Russian bass opera singer. He began his music education at age 7, starting with the piano and the clarinet. From 1994 to 1995 he was a student at the Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology, also known as the 'Russian MIT'. Vinogradov became a student of the Moscow Conservatory in 1995. While still a student at the Conservatory, he made his debut with the Bolshoi Theater at the age of 21 as Oroveso in Norma, amongst other roles.
Pornchai Mongkhonvanit () is the president of Siam University and the President Emeritus of the International Association of University Presidents. Concurrently, he is also the chair person of the advisory board of the Association of Universities in Asia and the Pacific as well as a member of the administrative board of the International Association of Universities. He is also a former president of the Association of Private Higher Education Institutions of Thailand and former president of the Thailand chapter of Phi Delta Kappa honors society. He is the recipient of numerous honors including: The Medals of Honors of the International Association of University Presidents, The Medal of Honors from Kyung Hee University and Soka University. He was the recipient of Doctor of Educational Management Honoris Causa from Angeles University Foundation and Doctor of Management Honoris Causa from Philippine Women's University. He received distinguished alumni award from Kasetsart University and Saint Gabriel's College as well as being listed as a notable alumnus in the field of Education from University of Wisconsin-Madison. He is an honorary professor at the Autonomous University of Guadalajara and Guizhou University. He holds a Master of Business Administration in finance, investment, and banking from the University of Wisconsin-Madison, a Bachelor of Engineering in Mechanical Engineering from Kasetsart University. He received a degree from National Defense College, and has studied at the graduate school of education, Intitute of Educational Management, Harvard University.
Paul J. Morochnik is an American attorney, director, and treasurer. Paul graduated from Hofstra University before earning his J.D. from Emory University School of Law.
One of the notable Catbird players was Tom Payne, the first African-American basketball player at the University of Kentucky. A New York Times article told a story of this player: ``Tom Payne, a 7-foot-1-inch former professional basketball player who spent 11 years in a Kentucky prison after a rape conviction, is scheduled to make his boxing debut at Los Angeles on June 14 in a four-round bout against Nick DeLong of Long Beach, Calif. After his parole late last year, he played with the Louisville Catbirds of the Continental Basketball Association.'' http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9C03E6D7123BF93BA35755C0A962948260
Sabrina Batshon (born 26 October 1984) is an Australian born singer, songwriter and actor from Rhodes, Sydney. She began singing and dancing at the age of two at the Johnny Young Talent School. She had roles on Australian television including Water Rats, G.P. and Home and Away. She won several talent quests including the McDonald's Performing Arts Challenge. In 2000, she sang with The Australian Girls Choir and Paulini for the Qantas campaign CD, The Spirit of Australia. She was understudy to Nikki Webster as Dorothy in a 2000/2001 stage performance of The Wizard of Oz and was cast as the 'Little Girl' in the 2001 production of The Witches of Eastwick (musical) in Melbourne. She attended the Newtown High School of the Performing Arts and was named in November 2004 in Parliament by Andrew Refshauge as being one of Australia's best singers. During 2005 and early 2009 Batshon experienced chronic depression, agoraphobia and panic attacks, and was admitted to hospital. Producer Stephen Tate said speaking ``openly and honestly'' about depression was the way forward for the media and community.
Ron Merkerson (born August 30, 1975 in Clarksville, Tennessee) is a former American football linebacker. Merkerson attended Ed W. Clark High School in Las Vegas before playing football at the University of Colorado. Merkerson was drafted by the New England Patriots with the 145th overall pick (5th round) in the 1998 NFL Draft.
Adam Exner holds Masters degrees in philosophy and theology from the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome and holds a Doctoral degree in theology from the University of Ottawa. He served as professor, rector and superior at St. Charles Scholasticate in Battleford, Saskatchewan, and as professor of moral theology at Newman Theological College in Edmonton, Alberta. Exner speaks English, French, German, Italian, Latin & Spanish.
His father was the Frederick Smith, a well-known entomologist, and Assistant Keeper of Zoology in the British Museum, Bloomsbury. Edgar Albert Smith was educated both at the North London Collegiate School and privately, being well grounded in Latin amongst other subjects, as his excellent diagnoses bear witness.
D. Andrew Kille was born January 6, 1950 in Ventura, California. He attended Ojai Valley School and The Thacher School before entering Stanford University. He graduated in 1971 with a degree in English Literature, and attended seminary at the American Baptist Seminary of the West in Berkeley, California.
Born in Chester, Cheshire, Raikes was the son of Reverend Henry Raikes, Chancellor of the Diocese of Chester, and the grandson of Thomas Raikes, a merchant and banker in London, who was Governor of the Bank of England and a personal friend of prime minister William Pitt the Younger. He was educated at Shrewsbury School and Trinity College, Cambridge.
Aimee Phan is an Vietnamese-American author. She was born and raised in Orange County, California. She received her MFA from the Iowa Writers' Workshop, where she won a Maytag Fellowship. Her first novel, We Should Never Meet, was named a Notable Book by the Kiriyama Prize in fiction and a finalist for the 2005 Asian American Literary Awards. Her writing has appeared in The New York Times, Virginia Quarterly Review, USA Today and The Oregonian. She worked as an Assistant Professor in English at Washington State University from Fall 2005 to Summer 2007, and now works at California College of the Arts.
DJ Leto, born as Jackson Noble Wright on December 27, 1989, is a student at the University of Chicago and DJ operating in the hardcore scene, and is especially known for his mixes aired on internet radio stations di.fm and happyhardcore.com. He also served as a resident DJ for the North American Hardcore Movement headed by DJ Milo. He and DJ Virtual XTC started the hardcore community Global Hardcore Alliance in 2007.
John H. Leith (1919-2002), a Presbyterian pastor and theologian, was an alumnus of Erskine College (1940) and took courses at the Seminary during his undergraduate career, before matriculating at Columbia Theological Seminary. Leith was inducted into Erskine's Academic Hall of Fame in 1991. Thomas G. Long is an alumnus of both Erskine College (1968) and Erskine Theological Seminary (1971). A survey of seminary professors and religion editors conducted by Baylor University in 1996 named Long one of the ``twelve most effective preachers'' in the English-speaking world.
Sandy Landsman is a children's book author. He was born in Great Neck, New York. He moved to the city to attend Columbia University, where he majored in English. During his senior year, he began entertaining at children's parties as a musical clown. This became a career for him, along with a cable children's show which he wrote and starred in. He is the author of the children's books The Gadget Factor (1984), and Castaways on Chimp Island (1986).
Maxwell Evarts, (November 15, 1862 - October 7, 1913), youngest of the twelve children of Hon. William Maxwell Evarts and Helen Minerva (Wardner) Evarts. He was fitted for college at St. Paul's School, Concord, New Hampshire. He graduated from Yale College, 1884, where he was a member of Skull and Bones. After graduation he studied two years in the Harvard Law School, and was then in the law office of Seward, DaCosta & Guthrie until the summer of 1889.
James Brock is an American poet, born in Boise, Idaho. He is best known for his eclectic poetry, ranging from New York School inspired experiments to formal verse and narrative poems. He received his M.F.A. and Ph. D. from Indiana University, and he currently is a full Professor of English at Florida Gulf Coast University. His earlier life saw him in various odd jobs such as grocery produce clerk, roofer at a trailer factory, a bear field researcher, and a librarian.
His personal best was 17.23 metres, achieved in August 1998 in Dakar. This is the Ghanaian record as well as the fourth best triple jump result in Africa, behind Ndabazinhle Mdhlongwa (17.34 m), Ajayi Agbebaku (17.26 m) and Khotso Mokoena (17.25 m). http://www.gbrathletics.net/cm99.htm He also received a doctorate degree from Middle Tennessee State University and is currently serving as an associate professor in the Health and Human Performance Department at Middle Tennessee State University (MTSU). He also volunteers as a Track & Field assistant coach at MTSU in the horizontal jumping events.
He was born in New York City, the son of Robert Underwood Johnson and his wife Katherine, née McMahon, and attended Lawrenceville School, founding and editing the Lawrenceville Literary Magazine, known as The Lit. He attended Yale University, as a member of the Class of 1900, graduating in 1901, marrying Mary Galt Stockly and moving to Paris, where he did his initial writing. He was a war correspondent for the New York Times and Collier's during World War I.
Kuehne was born in Dallas, Texas. As a pupil at Highland Park High School in Dallas, he was coached by Hank Haney, who later gained renown as Tiger Woods' swing coach after Woods and Butch Harmon split in 2002. Under Haney's tutelage he won back-to-back Texas high school golf championships, an achievement shared with Justin Leonard, Ben Crenshaw and Tom Kite. At college, he enrolled at Arizona State University, where he was the roommate of Phil Mickelson. He then transferred to Oklahoma State University, where he was All-American from 1994 to 1996. But following his defeat at the 1994 U.S. Amateur, Kuehne found he was unwilling to make the sacrifices demanded in a professional golfer's life, and concentrated instead on a career in finance after graduating with an MBA in 1997.
Carter has 4 children, 2 sons, Ronald Carter III and Paul M. Carter and 2 daughters Bria A. Carter and Brooke A. Carter. Ronald Carter III was a 2-time NCAA All-American triple jumper while attended California State University, Long Beach. Paul Carter is a collegiate basketball player at the University of Illinois at Chicago.
Yanina Faour studied Finance BS at the Bentley University. She lived in Boston for a few years but after her studies returned to the city where she was born, Buenos Aires. Yanina's family has been in the jewelry business for over four generations; she and became a jewelry designer.with her own store, Oleana, in Buenos Aires. Her work has been featured in celebrity photo shoots for Argentine magazines such as Vanidades, Elle, and Para Ti but Oleana is also featured in national and international blogs such as Modabit, Delicious, Polo y polistas and the Argentinean newspaper LaNacion Faour is known for her architectural influences in the pieces she designs using Art Deco and Art Nouveau as her main themes. The pieces are inspired in her sensitivity of the fine arts and architecture throughout the city of Buenos Aires.
In 1793, Symmons prepared to take his Doctor of Divinity degree at Cambridge, which required him to preach two sermons at the Church of St Mary the Great, Cambridge. His moderate whig views were controversial in the wake of the trial of William Frend. One of his opponents, Thomas Kipling, sent extracts to influential clerics. Symmons protested, but decided to take his degree from the University of Oxford instead. He was incorporated as a member of Jesus College, Oxford on 29 March 1794 and received his DD two days later. His whiggish views inhibited further advancement in the church, although he was additionally appointed rector of Lampeter Velfrey, an adjoining parish to Narberth, in 1794. He failed to be appointed a prebendary of Westminster Abbey as he wished. He died at Bath on 27 April 1826, survived by his wife, two sons and three daughters.
Born Seymour Arnold Feuerman in Brooklyn, New York,he studied trumpet privately with Max Schlossberg(personal communication...2006), he became a professional trumpeter at the age of fifteen, working at clubs on weekends to help support his family while attending New Utrecht High School. It was there he first met Abe Burrows, who in later years he would hire to write the book for Guys and Dolls. Having no interest in mathematics, science, or sports, he dropped out of school and found work as a trumpeter on a political campaign truck. He later studied at the Juilliard School before joining the orchestras at the Roxy Theater and later Radio City Music Hall. In 1938, he toured the country with Leon Belasco and His Society Orchestra, eventually ending up in Burbank, California. Following a ten-week stint there, the orchestra departed for Minneapolis, but he opted to remain in California.
Frank Westbury was born under the name James Bleasby in Hunslet, an industrial suburb of Leeds, Yorkshire on 5 May 1838. His mother was Martha Bleasby, his father unknown, although, throughout his life, Westbury believed he was the son of a well-to-do man of some social standing. He grew up in the home of his foundry worker grandfather, William Bleasby but later told his family that he attended Tadcaster Grammar School near Leeds, an education that normally would not have been available to the son of a factory worker. At the age of 16, he enlisted in the British Army's 68th (Durham) Regiment of Foot serving in the Crimea, Burma and New Zealand during the Second Taranaki War (1863--66). During this last deployment, he fought in the Battle of Gate Pa, which resulted in major losses for the British. He later claimed that he filed reports on the New Zealand War for The Manchester Guardian. After his discharge from the Army in 1866, he went to Melbourne Australia where he changed his name to Frank Atha Westbury and continued honing his writing skills. There he fell in with a literary crowd that included the poets, Henry Kendall, George Gordon McCrae and Adam Lindsay Gordon, as well as Marcus Clarke, author of the Australian classic novel, ``For the Term of His Natural Life''. He married three times in Australia and had six children, although three died in infancy.
The trustees purchased eight acres of land on what is now known as Milledge Avenue. When the school opened on January 10, 1859, its first principal was R. M. Wright. (It was in April of this same year the Watkinsville Road acquired its present name of Milledge Avenue.) The school was later headed by Madame Sosnowski (who organized the Home School after leaving the Lucy Cobb Institute). Mildred Lewis Rutherford, or ``Miss Millie'', a graduate herself of Lucy Cobb Institute, took over leadership of the school in 1880. The Georgia Writers' Project, in a 1940 publication on the state published in the American Guide Series, characterized her thusly: 'Miss Millie,' always a champion of southern traditions, was a woman of powerful personality, commanding presence, and fearlessly outspoken opinions; she was known widely for the speeches she delivered in hoop skirts. For all her decorum, she seemed to enjoy the protracted battles over the plaster goats that stood at the end of the dormitory's long veranda. The college boys periodically painted these animals in their school colors, red and black. At last they were broken when the boys attempted to hide them; some of the former belles of Lucy Cobb still cherish pieces of the goats as souvenirs.
Born to N. U. Jayawardena the former Governor of the Central Bank of Ceylon and Amybelle Millicent Jayawardena; he was educated at the prestigious Royal College Colombo, were he was contemporaries of Gamini Seneviratne and Chris Pinto Jayawardena graduated from King's College, Cambridge in Economic Tripos and went on to gain his PhD from the University of Cambridge. During his time at Cambridge, his contemporaries were Amartya Sen, Richard Layard, Tam Dalyell, Mahbub ul Haque, Jagdish Bhagwati, Manmohan Singh and Geoff Harcourt; he was also a member of the Cambridge Apostles He was married to Dr. Kumari Jayawardene.
Elizabeth Potok (née Ehrlich) (born October 12, 1954) is an American Jewish author. Her works include (winner of the National Jewish Book Award) and a biography of Nellie Bly. She was born in Detroit, and currently lives in Westchester County, New York. She has also taught at Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism.
Cole Hamels attended Rancho Bernardo High School in San Diego, California. According to Tony Gwynn, a lot of scouts were interested in Hamels while he was pitching for RBHS because his fastball was clocked as high as 94 mph as well as his advanced secondary offerings. However, he broke his pitching arm in his sophomore year, so teams, including the San Diego Padres, lost interest. Nonetheless, Hamels was drafted in the first round of the 2002 Major League Baseball Draft by the Philadelphia Phillies, who held the 17th overall selection.
Michael Musto (born December 3, 1955) is an American columnist for the The Village Voice, where he writes La Dolce Musto. Musto was born in Brooklyn to an Italian American family. He attended Columbia University graduating in 1976. During his studies, he was a theater critic for the Columbia Spectator. He is the author of Downtown and Manhattan on the Rocks as well as a compilation of selected columns published as La Dolce Musto. His next collection, ``Fork on the Left, Knife in the Back'', is slated for September 1, 2011 on Vantage Point Books.
Christie Goodwin (born 27 July 1962) received her BA (hons) in Art Photography from the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Antwerp in 1986 and worked freelance as a photojournalist for press agencies. In 2005 she moved from Belgium to London and made the move to music photography. She is mainly commissioned mainly for album photography, DVD photography and official tour photography. Recent tours include Taylor Swift (European tours 2009-2011 and North American tours 2010-2011), Usher (European tour 2011), Katy Perry (European Tour 2011), Glee Live (European tour 2011), Kylie Minogue (European tour 2011), Joe Satriani (European tours 2006-2008-2009-2010), John Legend (European tour 2010), Joe Bonamassa (European tours 2009-2010-2011), Dream Theater (European tour 2011), Chickenfoot (European tour 2009), Kings Of Leon (European tour 2010), Apocalyptica (European tours 2009-2010), Europe (European tour 2009), Status Quo (European tours 2005-2006-2007-2008-2009-2010-2011), Westlife (European tours 2008-2010-2011), and Katie Melua (European tours 2008-2010). She also provides advertising photography for Ibanez, Gibson, Ernie Ball and Korg. Since 2008 Christie regularly shoots for Getty Images.
As a child, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, the Shah of Iran attended Institut Le Rosey, a Swiss boarding school, completing his studies there in 1935.
Sydney was educated at the Institut Le Rosey, Switzerland and the Clare College, Cambridge from where he graduated in history. At Le Rosey, his closest friend was Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, who later sent Sydney a special invitation for his coronation in 1967. In 1938, while travelling between Cannes and Paris, Sydney met with a road accident and was left with a limp. Sydney moved to the United State of America ans became an U. S. citizen on September 1, 1943.
Morrow graduated from the newly founded University of California, Berkeley architecture program in 1906. He then attended Ecole des Beaux-Arts in Paris from 1908 until 1911. He moved back to Oakland and began practicing architecture in San Francisco and Oakland. He designed houses, banks, theatres, hotels, schools, and commercial buildings. He married Gertrude Comfort Morrow, a fellow architect and UC Berkeley graduate. He worked with Gertrude and architect William I. Garren, and with them designed the Alameda-Contra Costa County Building for the 1939 Golden Gate International Exposition. Morrow and his associates also designed the rectory and guest house of the Mission San Juan Bautista.
Jamie Thomson is a British writer, editor and game developer, born 14 November 1958 in Iran. He grew up in Brighton where he met co-author Mark Smith at school at Brighton College. He graduated from the University of Kent with a degree in politics and government.
Photosynth is based on Photo Tourism, a research project by University of Washington graduate student Noah Snavely. Shortly after Microsoft's acquisition of Seadragon in early 2006, that team began work on Photosynth, under the direction of Seadragon founder Blaise Aguera y Arcas.
David Maxwell was educated at Eton College, where he was a King's Scholar and Captain of Boats, and at Cambridge University where he rowed in the winning Cambridge boat in the 1971 and 1972 Boat Races.
Born in Keflavik, Iceland, and raised in Charlotte, North Carolina, Jason JetPlane studied Recording Arts at Full Sail University near Disneyland, Florida, and graduated high school from the Northwest School of the Arts in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Anderson was educated at the City of London School, the Lambeth School of Art (where he was awarded a medal for artistic anatomy) and St Thomas's Hospital (where he also won numerous prizes). He became a Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons in 1869. At St Thomas's Hospital, he was in 1871 appointed surgical registrar and assistant demonstrator of anatomy. In 1873, he moved to Tokyo, Japan, where he was professor of anatomy and surgery at the Imperial Naval Medical College, and gave lectures both in English and in Japanese, which he learned for that purpose. Here, he assembled his collections and began his study of Japanese art. He was eventually, in 1895, appointed as a knight commander of the Japanese order of the Rising Sun.
Adermann was born in Kingaroy, Queensland, son of Charles Adermann, and was educated at Brisbane Boys' College. He did not complete a medical degree at the University of Queensland and instead became a dairy farmer in Kingaroy. He then completed a Bachelor of Commerce by external study at University of Queensland and worked as a public accountant. He married Joan Hovard in 1951 and they had three sons and two daughters. He was a councillor of Kingaroy Shire from 1958 to 1967.
Tim Ward was the former bassist and co-lead vocalist for the Mukilteo, Washington based prog-rock band The Fall of Troy. He attended Kamiak High School and graduated in 2003. He left the band during their tour with Coheed and Cambria. He was replaced by bassist and vocalist Frank Ene on November 28, 2007. Thomas Erak stated on the band's forums that his leave was full time and for the best interest of the band. He remains in touch with his former bandmates and has offered to create artwork for the bands' future albums and merchandise. However, he is not mentioned on The Fall of Troy's last record, In the Unlikely Event. Ward relocated to Riggins, Idaho and has been posting new demos on his MySpace page since early November 2008 under the moniker of Stranger Danger. Since then Ward has become a father, and made himself a new home in Idaho. He now makes music under the monikers ``Cool Timmy'' and ``Messed Up Coyote'', both of which are signed to the online record label run by Father LongLegs ``Woozy Tribe''
Nancy Adajania was educated at the Princess Alexandra School, Elphinstone College, where she read Politics for her BA, the Sophia Polytechnic, Bombay, where she took a diploma in Social Communications Media, and the Film and Television Institute of India (FTII), Pune, where she studied film.
Dick Sisler attended Colgate University. He batted left-handed and threw right-handed, stood tall and weighed . He was a journeyman left fielder and first baseman for the St. Louis Cardinals (1946--47, 1952--53), Philadelphia Phillies (1948--51) and Cincinnati Reds (1952). In an eight-season career, Sisler was a .276 hitter with 55 home runs and 360 RBI in 799 games. He made the National League All-Star team in 1950.
Dennis Sharp studied at Bedford Modern School (1945-1951) and at Luton School of Art (1951-1954). From 1954 to 1957 he studied at the Architectural Association School of Architecture in London and was Leverhulme Research Fellow, School of Architecture, University of Liverpool from 1960-63.
Deonna Dee Davis was born November 8, 1984 in Cincinnati, Ohio she attended Princeton High School in Cincinnati, Ohio First female from Cincinnati to be named a McDonald's All-American... Three-time letterwinner in volleyball and softball Named to the H.S. Honor Roll for three years... Chose Vanderbilt over Connecticut, Temple, Arkansas and Cincinnati. She also participated in the women's State Farm College Three Point Championships on March 29, 2007 at Georgia State University. On April 4, 2007, Dee was selected by the Houston Comets with the fourteenth pick in the 2007 WNBA Draft. She is now a physical education teacher at University School of Nashville.
Avner Offer was born and raised in Israel. He was educated at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and Oxford University. He has worked at the Universities of York, UK, the Australian National University, and the University of Oxford, with research fellowships at the University of Southampton, University of Cambridge (both UK), Rutgers University and New York University (both in the USA). He is married with two children.
Growing up in Springdale, AR, Robert Venable performed in several bands and eventually made the decision that he wanted to pursue a career in music. He attended the Conservatory of Recording Arts and Sciences in Tempe, AZ, where he graduated top of his class. While in school, Robert interned at several studios in the Phoenix metropolitan area, such as The Saltmine Studios and Phase Four, quickly making the transition from assisting to engineering. In 2005, he was hired as head engineer at Paradise West Recording Studios in Scottsdale, AZ. In 2009, Robert relocated to Nashville, TN and worked in various studios as he built his own.
Henry Farrell is an Irish-born political scientist at George Washington University. He previously taught at the University of Toronto and earned his PhD from Georgetown University. His research interests include, trust and co-operation; E-commerce; the European Union; and institutional theory.
Samir Hulileh (also Hleileh, Huleileh, Arabic سمير حليلة), born in Kuwait in 1957, is the Chief Executive Officer of Palestine Development and Investment Ltd. (PADICO) Palestine. After receiving an MA in Economics from the American University of Beirut in 1983, Hulileh went on to join the board of the Palestine Banking Corporation, in 1988, after which he became the Managing Director of the Ramallah branch of The Portland Trust. He was also Cabinet Secretary to the Palestinian Authority in 2006. He was former Assistant Under Secretary for the Ministry of the Economy and Trade between 1994 and 1997. He is also Chairman of the Board of Palestine International Business Forum and Chairman of Portland Trust, Ramallah. He has also been the Chairman of the Board of the Palestine Trade Organisation (PalTRADE) and has represented Palestinian businesses and Palestinian economic development across the world. He graduated with an MSc Economics from the American University of Beirut (1983). He has worked at Birzeit University. He was one of the Board of Directors for the Palestinian Banking Corporation and also serves on the Board of the Applied Research Institute (ARIJ) in Bethlehem and the Arab Thought Forum in Jerusalem.
Reginald Gardiner (27 February 1903 -- 7 July 1980) was an English-born actor in film and television and a graduate of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts in Britain. His parents wanted him to be an architect and he studied at it but he wanted to be an actor and eventually got his way.
Adam Savage began acting as a child, and has had five years of acting school. His early credits include voicing animated characters that his father produced for Sesame Street, Mr. Whipple's stock boy ``Jimmy'' in a Charmin commercial, a helper in the special effects of Star Wars, and a drowning young man saved by a lifeguard in the 1985 Billy Joel music video ``You're Only Human (Second Wind).'' He attended New York University's Tisch School of the Arts for acting for six months before dropping out.
Lydia Makhubu (born 1927) is a Swaziland chemist. The Vice-Chancellor of the University of Swaziland from 1988 to 2003, she attended the University of Toronto where she studied medicinal chemistry.
Cary Fowler (born 1949, in Memphis, Tennessee) is the executive director of the Global Crop Diversity Trust, based in Rome, Italy. Previously, Fowler was Professor and Director of Research in the Department for International Environment & Development Studies at the Norwegian University of Life Sciences in Ås, Norway. Fowler holds a B.A. (Hon.) degree from Simon Fraser University in Canada, and a Ph.D degree from Uppsala University in Sweden. He was given an honorary Doctorate of Law degree from Simon Fraser University and an Honorary Doctorate of Science from Rhodes College. Fowler received the Right Livelihood Award with Pat Mooney in 1985 for his work in agriculture and the preservation of biodiversity. In 2010, he was one of ten recipients of the 16th Heinz Awards (with special focus on global change). Following the massive media attention around the Svalbard Global Seed Vault, Fowler appeared on the CBS news show 60 Minutes and was profiled in The New Yorker magazine.
During and after his years as a manager, knowing that his in-ring career was long since over, Yamamoto continued to contribute to the wrestling business as a prolific trainer. The impact he had on the world of professional wrestling through his training is far-reaching and spans across generations and promotions. He trained dozens of wrestlers who in turn went on to train scores, perhaps hundreds, of additional performers. An example of one of his trainees who went on to teach future generations is Bobby Eaton. Eaton trained countless hopefuls at the WCW Power Plant, but he was also known for his informal coaching of countless younger talent in WCW. He would often go out of his way to make himself available whether it be backstage, in the ring, or most commonly on the road driving long distances from town to town. Like Yamamoto, he was never considered a ``main-eventer'', but both had a reputation and willingness to help their opponents look good in the ring and get better from just being in the ring with them.
O'Ferrall (birth name: Rafael O'Ferrall Cordova) was born to Victor Manuel O'Ferrall Sr., from Santurce and Blanca Rose Cordova, a nurse from the town of Yabucoa. His parents moved to the United States from Puerto Rico in search for a better way of life and lived in New York City where O'Ferrall was born. When he was 5 years old, he was sent to live with his grandmother in Puerto Rico where he received his primary and secondary education. In the 1960s O'Ferrall's mother returned to Puerto Rico upon the death of his grandmother. He was enrolled at Dr. Jose M. Lazaro High School in Carolina, Puerto Rico, where he excelled in sports. In 1972, he was asked by the Puerto Rican Olympic Committee to represent Puerto Rico in the Munich Olympics in the track and field events, however he was later substituted by the more experienced Luis Alers. After he graduated from high school in 1973, he enrolled in the University of Puerto Rico and participated in various competitions as member of the track and field team of his Alma Mater. In 1974, he represented the island in the XII Central American and Caribbean Games which were celebrated in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. During his student years he became a member of the university's Reserve Officer Training Corps program, which is also known as ROTC. He earned his Bachelor of Science degree with a concentration on Natural Science on June 20, 1978 and was commissioned a Second Lieutenant in the Army National Guard that same year.
Monica Lynn is an American composer who lives and works in the San Francisco Bay area. She graduated with a Bachelor of Music degree from the University of Texas at Austin, where she studied with Stefan Kostka, David Neumeyer and Forrest Pierce. She continued her education at the University of Missouri in Kansas City where she studied with James Mobberley, Paul Rudy, Chen Yi, Zhou Long, and at the University of California, Santa Cruz where she graduated with a Doctor of Musical Arts degree, studying with David Cope, Karlton Hester, David Evan Jones, Hi Kyung Kim, Paul Nauert and Peter Elsea.
Ralph van Deusen attended Utrecht University and Hogeschool Sint-Lukas Brussel where he studied audiovisual Arts. 1996 he moved to Los Angeles. Due to an illness in his childhood, Ralph van Deusen suffers of Aphasia. He makes his living working as a screenwriter and ghostwriter.
Travis James Peterson (born May 18, 1985, in Glendale, Arizona) is an American professional international basketball player. The 6 foot 10 inch and 225 lbs. center/power forward is a former NCAA Division 1 collegiate athlete. He played five seasons (2003--2008) at Samford University under head coach, Jimmy Tillette, mostly playing the center position. He graduated from Samford in 2008. He attended Mountain Ridge High School in Glendale, Arizona which is where he was born and raised. He currently plays professionally for the Eurochallenge League contenders, BK Prostejov located in the Czech Republic.
Karzai was born in 1961 in the village of Karz, located in the Dand district of Kandahar in Afghanistan. He is the son of Abdul Ahad Karzai and brother of Afghan President Hamid Karzai, Mahmud Karzai and Quayum Karzai. He attended Habibia High School in Kabul but was not able to finish his studies due to the Soviet war in Afghanistan. He migrated to neighbouring Pakistan and then went to the United States where lived for about ten years. He married there and has two sons and three daughters.
Matthew Baker was born in Sydney and received his BA in Medieval Studies from the University of Sydney in 1997. After serving as a Lay Vicar in the choir of St. Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin, he studied early music vocal performance at the Royal Conservatory of The Hague, receiving a Master of Music degree in 2005. That same year he sang the role of Sylvandre in a production of André Campra's L'Europe galante conducted by William Christie which toured to cities in France and Spain. He sang the roles of Giove and Nettuno in the first modern performance of Gioseffo Zamponi's 1650 opera Ulisse all Isola di Circe at the Festival Printemps Baroque du Sablon (Spring Festival of Baroque at the Sablon/Zavel) in Brussels in 2006. In 2006 he also won the Handel's Messiah Bass Arias prize in the 12th Concorso Internazionale di Canto Solistico of the Fondazione Seghizzi in Gorizia.
Mark Titchner was born in Luton. He graduated from Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design, London, in 1995.
Adrian Jack was born on 16 March 1943, in Datchet, near Slough, Buckinghamshire, England. He was educated at Merchant Taylors' School, Northwood (1954--60), and the Royal College of Music, London (1961--64), where he studied composition with Peter Racine Fricker, fugue and orchestration with Gordon Jacob, piano with Antony Hopkins and organ with John Birch. From 1967 to 1969 he studied composition and electronic music with Włodzimierz Kotoński at the State Higher School of Music in Warsaw, Poland.
There are five Forts DeRussy in the United States. Fort DeRussy Military Reservation in Honolulu, two in Louisiana, one in Kentucky, and one in Washington, D.C. The latter four were all built during the American Civil War. All of the forts were named for two brothers, Lewis and René Edward De Russy. Lewis was also a graduate of the United States Military Academy at West Point. Lewis was the oldest West Point graduate to serve in the Confederate Army, while older brother Rene served on the Union side.
David S. Guzick was born in New York, New York in 1952, and grew up in Brooklyn, New York. He graduated from New York University with a bachelor's degree of arts in math and economics in 1972. He then was admitted to the New York University Medical Scientist Training Program where he received both his doctor of medicine and his doctorate in economics in 1979. In 1982 he completed his residency at Johns Hopkins University in Obstetrics and Gynecology. He was recruited to University of Texas Health Science Center at Dallas (UTHSCD) as a Fellow in Reproductive Endocrinology under Director Paul MacDonald, M.D.
Orange Nash Stoddard (August 23, 1812--February 10, 1892) was a professor of natural science at Miami University and the College of Wooster who served as president pro tem of Miami University in 1854. He was born in Lisle, New York, and received his A.B. degree from Union College 1834. He earned M.A. and LL.D. degrees at Monmouth College. He joined the Miami faculty in 1845 and among his more prominent students were Benjamin Harrison, David Swing, John Willock Noble and Whitelaw Reid. At Miami, he became a faculty member of Phi Delta Theta and was known affectionately as ``Stoddy'' and ``the Little Wizard'' by his students. Stoddard and his wife, Eliza lived in a historic home at 14 South Campus Avenue in Oxford where they raised their three daughters who graduated from the Oxford Female College. He resigned in 1870 to assume a professorship at the College of Wooster where he died in 1892 while serving as professor emeritus. Stoddard Hall on the Miami campus was named for him in 1937.
Klaus Bechgaard did research at the University of Copenhagen, where he also held a Professorship in organic chemistry until 1993. From 1993 until 2000 he was the chairman of the Department of Physics and Chemistry at Risø and in 2001 he was appointed head of the newly assigned Department of Polymer Research at Risø. From 2001 and onwards he has been the head of Risø's nano technology programme, and The Danish Center of Polymers which is a joint venture between the Technical University of Copenhagen and Risø.
He was educated at Ampleforth College before reading History at Corpus Christi College, Oxford, where he studied for a doctorate after taking the Diploma in Celtic Studies under Sir Idris Foster. He held a Bergin Fellowship at the Dublin Institute for Advanced Studies from 1968 to 1969. He then was a Junior Research Fellow and then a Fellow in History at Corpus Christi College before being appointed to the chair of Celtic.
Mart Raud attended the village school in Heimtali (today Pärsti parish) and the parish schools in Paistu and Viljandi. Later he attended the University of Tartu studying literature. In the 1920s, Raud joined the literary movement Arbujad. After the 1940 Soviet occupation of Estonia, however, he was loyal to the new regime, joined the destruction battalions in 1941 and distanced himself from his previous literary companions, many of whom were deported to Siberia. He was the father of children's writer Eno Raud.
Maureen Boyle was born and raised in Sion Mills, near Strabane in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland. She studied English at Trinity College, Dublin, graduating B.A in 1984. Her poems have been published in Fortnight Magazine, The Yellow Nib, and elsewhere. She is married to the Belfast journalist and writer Malachi O'Doherty.
William B. Caldwell was born on a Butler County, Ohio farm, where he stayed his first 21 years. He entered Miami University at Oxford, Ohio in 1830, and graduated in 1835. He studied law under John Woods of Hamilton, Ohio, and was admitted to the bar in 1837. He began practice in Xenia, Ohio and moved to Cincinnati, Ohio the next year. There he formed a partnership with General Samuel F. Cary.
Shivanthini Dharmasiri is a Sri Lankan science graduate who was crowned as Miss Universe Sri-Lanka at the premier beauty pageant held on March 31, 1996, in Colombo, Sri Lanka. Shivanthini migrated to the UK in 1976 with her family and has had the opportunity to experience cultures of both the East and West. During her time in Sri Lanka she attended Ladies College in Colombo and in the UK, Cyfarthfa High School in Merthyr Tydfil. She was one of only three asian students in the school and was proud to be elected as head-girl in 1987 by both staff and fellow pupils.
Tesfaye Gessesse started his career in the 1950s, when he produced his first plays in Addis Ababa. During the early 1960s, he studied at Northwestern University's theater school, in Evanston, Illinois. He was the only black student enrolled in that department. One of his one-act plays was produced by the department, but the program notes were read aloud from the stage, prior to the performance, so that their ``revolutionary'' content would not be reported to the monarchist government which was paying his tuition.
Sir Charles Harper (1876-1950), OBE (1919) KBE (1930) CMG (1921), was born on the 24 February 1876 in Barnstaple, Devon, England. He was educated at Blundell's School in Tiverton, and Exeter College, Oxford, and played rugby football for Oxford University and England.
Joe Mercik is a former professional footballer who played for the Rochester Rhinos among other teams. He graduated from Penfield High School in 1993 whereupon he took his talents to the University of Buffalo. Following his collegiate career, he was signed by and played for the Rhinos, before leaving the states to play with Germany. After his spell overseas, he returned to the USL playing for the Cincinnati Riverhawks.
Lois Conner received her BFA in photography from the Pratt Institute. At Yale University, where she received her MFA, she met and studied with Tod Papageorge and Richard Benson. She moved to New York City in 1971 where she worked for the United Nations until 1984.
Max Schott (12 February 1935 -- ) is a writer of stories and essays. He was raised in Southern California. He received his Bachelor's in Animal Husbandry from University of California, Davis and his Master's in English from the University of California, Santa Barbara. He was a lecturer in Literature for more than 30 years at the College of Creative Studies at UCSB.
Dr. Todd J. Leach began his education at Mass Bay Community College, where he received a distinguished alumni award in 2011. He continued on to Worcester State College, graduating with a Bachelor of Science in 1983 and then to Bentley University where he earned his Master of Business Administration and graduated in the top ten of his MBA class in 1985. Focusing on the changing competitive and political environment of higher education, Dr. Leach earned his PhD from Northeastern University in 2008. Dr. Leach has also completed professional development programs at Harvard University through their Graduate School of Education.
Peter Ala Adjetey was born on August 11, 1931 at Accra, the capital of Ghana. He obtained his basic education at St. Paul's School at La, a suburb of Accra and the Accra Bishop Boys' School. His secondary education was at Accra Academy. He proceeded to the University College of the Gold Coast (now the University of Ghana), where he obtained the University of London intermediate Bachelor of Arts degree in 1954. He then proceeded to the United Kingdom, where he graduated with a Bachelor of Laws degree from University of Nottingham in 1958. Adjetey was called to the Bar at Middle Temple in London in 1959. He returned to Ghana in the same year where he was also called to the bar.
In 1961, NASA's Space Nuclear Propulsion Office, in conjunction with the Atomic Energy Commission, jointly awarded Aerojet General Corporation the prime contract for its Nuclear Engine for Rocket Vehicle Application NERVA Program, with a significant subcontract to WANL for development of the reactor itself. With the award, WANL selected the Large site as the base for operations and moved its personnel to the facility. Originally authorized in May 1959, WANL officially became a Westinghouse division on July 26, 1959 under the leadership of John Wistar Simpson. Cornell University physicist Sidney Krasik served as the first technical director and Frank Cotter was the first marketing director. Born in 1914, Simpson graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1937 and earned an MS from from the University of Pittsburgh in 1941. Working in the switchgear division of Westinghouse's East Pittsburgh plant, Simpson helped develop the electric switchboards that could survive the extreme impacts experienced by naval vessels in the Pacific Theater during World War II. In 1946, he took a leave of absence to work at Oak Ridge National Laboratory to familiarize himself with atomic power. Upon his return, he became assistant manager in the engineering deportment of the Westinghouse Bettis Atomic Power Laboratory. He subsequently managed the construction of the Shippingport Atomic Power Station in 1954, the first commercial nuclear power plant in the United States. Promoted the next year to general manager of the Bettis Laboratory, he was elected a Westinghouse vice president in 1958 and by 1959 was eager to take on the new challenge of developing nuclear rocket engines to enable the exploration of the solar system.
Prior to turning professional, Smith attended the University of New Hampshire where he played four seasons of NCAA Division I ice hockey with the New Hampshire Wildcats men's ice hockey team. A star player for the Wildcats, Smith has been honoured with the Guy Smith Award which is presented annually annually to the team's best offensive player.
Born Robert Brown in New York, New York, he is best known for his work on the stage. He attended Howard University where he earned a BA in theater. He also studied method acting at the Actor's Studio in New York. He began his career as a Shakespearean actor at Guthrie Theater where he appeared in productions like Hamlet and Richard III. Brown was an original member of Negro Ensemble Company (NEC) and played in many NEC productions like: Malcochon by Derek Walcott, Ceremonies in Dark Old Men by Lonnie Elder III, District Line and The River Niger both by Joseph A Walker. He was part of the original cast of controversial play Song of the Lusitanian Bogey by Peter Weiss which toured Europe and was subject to a riot in a London theatre in August 1968. Graham Brown was often cast as professional and/or highly educated people such as doctors and clergymen.
Matthew Stocke (born on December 21, 1971) is an American stage and television actor. His hometown is Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He moved to New York City in 1996 as he began his professional career and educational company. He graduated from the Carnegie Mellon College of Fine Arts in 1995 with a BFA in Acting/Musical Theatre, where he occasionally returns as a guest instructor.
Michael Guy Chislett was born on 6 April 1982 in Skipton, Victoria, a small country town in Australia. In 1992, he and his family moved to Sydney, where he attended Cherrybrook Technology High School. He dropped out in Year 10 to spend more time on music. In 2003, he moved to London with Newcastle band Paperadio. A few months later he moved to Los Angeles. Michael is a vegetarian. Michael is a Christian, and has been in several Christian Bands, such as Hillsong United.
I. Raymond Kremer was born January 28, 1921 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He graduated from Temple University (1942), and Temple University School of Law (1948). He attended Indiana University for additional studies on Constitutional law. He served in the United States Army from 1943--1946 and was discharged as a First Lieutenant, JAG.
Roberto Refinetti was born in São Paulo, Brazil on November 19, 1957. After attending a selective Catholic school for primary and secondary education, he went to two universities simultaneously and earned a baccalaureate degree in philosophy from the Pontifical Catholic University and a baccalaureate degree in psychology from the University of São Paulo, both in 1981. He earned a master's degree in experimental psychology at the University of São Paulo two years later and then traveled to California, where he completed a doctoral program in psychology (with concentration in biopsychology) at the University of California, Santa Barbara in 1987.
Anderson was educated at Winchester College and University College, Oxford, graduating in 1899 with honours in Modern History. He became an assistant master at a school in Eastbourne, but in 1903 joined the Transvaal Education Department.
Ethnoecology began with some of the early works of Harold Conklin, a cognitive anthropologists who did extensive linguistic and ethnoecological research in Southeast Asia. In his 1954 dissertation ``The Relation of the Hanunoo Culture of the Plant World'' he coined the term ethnoecology when he described his approach as ``ethnoecological''. After earning his PhD he began teaching at Columbia University and continued his research among the Hanunoo. In 1955, Conklin published one of his first ethnoecological studies. His ``Hanunoo Color Categories'' study helped scholars understand the relationship between classification systems and conceptualization of the world within cultures. In this experiment, Conklin soon realized that people in various cultures recognized colors differently because of their unique classification system. Within his results he found that the Hanunoo uses two levels of colors. The first level consists of four basic terms of colors; darkness, lightness, redness, and greenness. The second level was more abstract and consisted of hundreds of color classifications; texture, shininess, and moisture of objects also were used to classify objects. Other anthropologists had a hard time understanding this color classification system because they often applied their own idea of color criteria the Hanunoo's color classifications. Conklin's studies were not only the breakthrough of ethnoecology, but they also helped develop the idea that other cultures conceptualize the world in their own terms, and helped to reduce ethnocentric views of those in western cultures. Other scholars such as Berlin, Breedlove, and Raven endeavored to learn more about other systems of environment classifications and to compare them to Western scientific taxonomies.
A native of New York City, Ruth Gerson grew up on on the Upper West Side, the daughter of Michael and Cheryl Gerson. She was a student at the High School of Performing Arts and studied Jewish existentialism at Princeton University, graduating Magna Cum Laude.
John Milton Yinger (July 6, 1916 -- July 28, 2011) was an American sociologist who was president of the American Sociological Association 1976-1977. Yinger received his Ph.D. from the University of Wisconsin, Madison, in 1942, and was Emeritus Professor of Sociology at Oberlin College.
Lloyd, born to a family from Llanstephan, Carmarthenshire, was educated at Jesus College, Oxford. He matriculated in 1758, and obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1762, and Bachelor of Divinity degree in 1772. E. G. Hardy, in his history of the college (1899) records a ``John Lloyd, Carm.'' as being a Fellow of the college between 1765 and 1773, thought to correspond to this John Lloyd. Lloyd would also appear to have become a corresponding member of the Honourable Society of Cymmrodorion in 1762. In 1773, he became vicar of Holywell, in Flintshire, North Wales, becoming vicar of Cilcain in 1782. His date of death is uncertain, but no successor was appointed before 1807.
Zane Banks was born in 1986 and both his parents are music teachers. He attended Newtown High School of the Performing Arts.
Frank was born in Montville, Connecticut, to a Jewish family. His father and mother were Abraham and Sarah Frank. He grew up in Norwich, Connecticut and graduated from the Norwich Free Academy in 1937. He attended Brown University (class of 1942) but left because he could only afford one year of tuition. He later made enormous gifts to the university to ensure that no student would ever be forced to leave Brown because of inability to pay tuition. Brown University named its new Life Sciences building (its largest capital project up to date) after Sidney Frank, the single most generous donor in the University's history. During World War II, Frank worked for Pratt and Whitney as an aircraft engine mechanic in the South Pacific.
Helmut Satzinger (born January 21, 1938, in Linz) is an Austrian Egyptologist and Coptologist. He studied Egyptology, Arabic Philology and African Languages at the University of Vienna and, for 1 year, at Cairo University. Immediately after obtaining his PhD degree in 1964, he became commissioned to catalogue and publish Coptic papyri in the West Berlin section of the Egyptian Museum of Berlin.
Gustav Bartholin Hagen was born on 12 February 1873 in Copenhagen, the son of Sophus Hagen, a composer and music editor, and Serine Johanne Frederikke Klingsey. He completed a mason's apprenticeship in 1894 before attending a technical school to prepare for the Art Academy. In 1897 he was admitted to the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts where he studied under Hack Kamopmann among others. After graduating in 1906, he received a travel scholarship and went to northern Italy the following year.
Elwood Murray was born in 1897 and raised on a farm near Hastings, Nebraska. He obtained a B.A. degree in 1922 from Hastings College, with majors in English and American History and received his M.A. in 1924 in Education and Speech at the University of Iowa and Ph.D. in Speech and Psychology from the University of Iowa in 1931.
Alexander Chancellor (born 4 January 1940) is a British journalist. He was educated at Eton College and Trinity Hall, Cambridge. He was the editor of the conservative Spectator magazine from 1975 to 1984, and now contributes a weekly column in The Guardian, published in the ``Weekend'' supplement each Saturday. In 1993 he spent a year in America working as an editor at The New Yorker magazine, where he oversaw the ``Talk of the town'' section. This experience was the basis of a memoir, Some Times in America, which was published in both the UK and the US. He lives in Northamptonshire, and is the father of British model Cecilia Chancellor and the uncle of British actress Anna Chancellor.
Julianne Michelle was born in New Jersey in 1987 and lived in New York. She lived as a child in Manhattan, Beverly Hills, and Las Vegas, and was homeschooled. She attended Marymount High School in Manhattan and Columbia College and received a B.A. from Marymount Manhattan College with a 3.8 average, and a Certificate in Financial Management from Cornell University.
His daughter, Emma Howell, was an aspiring poet and student at Oberlin College who died at age 20 in June 2001. Her family published her poems posthumously in a volume titled Slim Night of Recognition. http://www.oberlin.edu/news-info/07sep/howell.html
Patrick Callaerts obtained a PhD from the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven in 1992. He did a Postdoc at the Biozentrum of University of Basel in Switzerland from 1992 until 1997. He was Assistant Professor at the University of Houston in Houston, Texas USA from 1997 until 2003 and 2004 until 2004. He is VIB Group leader since 2004.
John Marshall Dugdale was born at Irwell Bank, Eccles, on 15 October 1851 and later baptised at Eccles on 1 January 1852. He was the son of John Dugdale, Esq. of 9, Hyde park gardens, London. and Llwyn, Llanfyllin, County Montgomery. He attended Rugby School and Brasenose College, Oxford where he received his B.A.
Kyle Eastwood (born May 19, 1968) is an American jazz musician. He studied film at the University of Southern California for two years before embarking on a music career. After becoming a session player in the early '90s and leading his own quartet, he released his first solo album, From There to Here, in 1998. His most recent album, Metropolitan, was released 2 June 2009 by Rendezvous. Eastwood plays acoustic and electric as well as double bass. He is the son of filmmaker and actor Clint Eastwood.
Travis Cherry graduated from Enloe High School in Raleigh, North Carolina. He also attended Louisburg College and St. Augustine's College (Raleigh).
Armstrong grew up in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan in the city's northeastern neighborhood of Erindale, where he continues to live in the off-season. He played youth hockey with the Saskatoon Red Wings and the Saskatoon Blazers. Additionally, as a child he was a figure-skater. He, along with Los Angeles Kings forward Jarret Stoll, Philadelphia Flyers forward Brayden Schenn and Toronto Maple Leafs teammate Luke Schenn, attended St. Joseph High School in Saskatoon.
Johann Daniel Mylius (c. 1583-1642) was a composer for the lute, and writer on alchemy. Born at Wetter in Hesse, he went on to study theology and medicine at the University of Marburg. He was the brother-in-law and pupil of Johann Hartmann (1568--1613).
Canuto Kallan is a visual artist, born in Copenhagen, Denmark. He studied painting and printmaking at the Athens School of Fine Arts, Greece. He holds a Master of Science in Engineering from the Technical University of Denmark and is trained as a cabinet-maker(awarded a Silver Medal for Woodworking). Canuto Kallan's art expresses nostalgia for the return to the primal instincts, the liberation from the constraints of reason and the importance of the very act of painting. His paintings are clearly an integrated part of the long tradition of Modernism, but they also reflect the environment in which he lives, in terms of place and time. His landscapes rendered with fragmented surfaces and complementary sharp colours reveal his studies on Paul Cézanne and the Cubists' analytical idiom, as well as mainly on Expressionism, and at the same time exhibit a tender lyricism through their rhythm. Landscapes painted with the aggressive brushstrokes of the Neue Wilden, commenting on reality with a subtle irony. The simplicity of his figures lends them liveliness and a rhythm which excites the viewers' eyes into a constant state of alertness and keeps their interest intact. Canuto Kallan's figures often convey strong messages of demonstration and social criticism and bring the viewer face to face with the harsh side of the contemporary human existence, the unbalanced, violent relation of humans with society, nature and themselves. The distortion of the shapes aims at revealing the essence of the matters and brings to light the corruption which prevails in today's human relations. He attempts, like the politically focused Asger Jorn, co-founder of some of the most important movements of the 20th century, like the CoBrA or Situationism to ground his art in life, having at the same time released it from the dark, demonic mysticism of the north. In Canuto Kallan's works the joy of creation comes to life through his spontaneity and imagination and the free and improvisational way in which he handles the medium. The colour which he handles in a dynamic way: gestural expression soaked by the fierce light of the Mediterranean and the gentleness of the idiosyncrasy of its world. It infiltrates into the unconscious depths of human existence and illuminates hard reality without passion and without destroying the human tinge and measure. Whether seen as a whole or separately, Canuto Kallan's multi-figural compositions create comparisons and cohesions, and obtain a narrative quality, but they also constitute autonomous creations with multiple ``readings''. Allegories and metaphors fuse with emotions that range from jubilation to anguish, transforming the painter's and the viewers personal experience into a universal possession.
Gunnar Birkerts was selected as a Fellow of the American Institute of Architects in 1970, and a Fellow of the Latvian Architect Association in 1971. He is the recipient of numerous individual awards including a 1971 fellowship from the Graham Foundation, the Gold Medal of the Michigan Society of Architects in 1980, the Arnold W. Brunner Memorial Prize in Architecture of the American Academy and Institute of Arts and Letters in 1981, and the 1993 Michigan Artist of the Year award. He received an honorary doctorate from Riga Technical University in 1990, the Order of the Three Stars from the Republic of Latvia in 1995 and the Great Medal of the Latvian Academy of Sciences in 2000.
Thomas Goffe was born in Essex in 1591. He first studied at Westminster School where he was considered a Queen Scholar. Goffe received a scholarship on 3 November 1609 to attend Christ Church, Oxford. Here he received his bachelor of arts (B.A.) on 17 June 1613 and continued to get his master of arts (M.A.), on 20 June 1616. While involved with acting and writing plays at Christ Church, Goffe continued school. On 3 July 1623, he acquired his bachelor of divinity and became licensed to preach shortly after on 11 July 1623. Goffe was asked to be a rector of the church in East Clandon, Surrey after receiving his B.D., an offer worth about eight pounds a year. (1) However, Goffe began delivering Latin orations and writing poems in tribute to Sir Thomas Bodley and Queen Anne of Denmark as well as to the dean of Christ Church, William Godwin.
Tuckerman was the eldest son of a Boston merchant, also Edward Tuckerman, and Sophia (May) Tuckerman. He studied at Boston Latin School and then at his father's urging at Union College in Schenectady, which he entered as a sophomore and where he completed a BA in 1837 and to which he returned for his MA after taking a Law degree at Harvard in 1839, traveling in Germany and Scandinavia, and making the first of his botanical studies in the White Mountains. In 1846 he returned to Harvard as a senior (telling the President he intended to correct his father's error in breaking the family tradition), completed a second BA in 1847, then two or three years later entered the Divinity School and graduated from there in 1852.
Robert Wagner was the son of George Wagner who owned Atlantic Brewery in Rock Island. He received his education from the University of Iowa and the United States Brewers`` Academy in New York City. After completing he studies he worked as a foreman in his father's brewery before joining his father to manage the business. In 1892 the three breweries in Rock Island consolidated to form the Rock Island Brewing Company. Wagner served as its president for three decades. After Prohibition he entered banking and served as the president of American Trust and savings Bank and People's National Bank.
Gonzalo Rodriguez Risco (born 1972) is a Peruvian playwright and screenwriter. He is a graduate of Yale School of Drama, M.F.A. in Playwriting in 2009.
David Herle received his Bachelor of Arts from the University of Regina and was called to the Bar in Ontario after receiving his LLB from the University of Saskatchewan.
Johnson attended Pine Forest High School in Pensacola, Florida, where he was an excellent student with a perfect 4.0 GPA and a 27 on the ACT exam. Considered a four-star recruit by Rivals.com, Johnson was listed as the No. 17 offensive tackle prospect in the nation. He was drafted 98th overall in the third round of the 2010 NFL Draft by the Atlanta Falcons. On June 19, the Atlanta Falcons signed Mike Johnson to a deal.
Kostis Gontikas or Gondikas (Greek: Κωστής Γόντικας, b. 1934 in Athens, Greece) is a Greek politician. He was born in 1934 in Athens and was the son of Dimitrios Gontikas, a politician and president of the Greek parliament. He later studied at the Athens College and law at the University of Athens. He continued his studies at the University of Luxembourg. He was elected in 1974 and 1978 as MP of the Ilia Prefecture, later joining the New Democracy Party.
Melissa Hoar is also an alumnus of the University of Wollongong.
David Hickman received his B.M. degree at the University of Colorado in 1972. He continued graduate work at Wichita State University where he was a Graduate Trumpet Teaching Assistant for two years (M.M. - 1974). His primary teachers include Harry McNees, Frank Baird, and Walter Myers. He taught at the University of Illinois from 1974 to 1982 and since has been teaching at Arizona State University where he is a Regents' Professor of Music. He has been a member of the Saint Louis Brass Quintet (11 yrs.), Wichita Brass Quintet (2 yrs.), Illinois Brass Quintet (8 yrs.), Baroque Consort, Summit Brass, and the Illinois Contemporary Chamber Players.
Rajiv Sharma (10 June 1984 - ) is a New Zealand-born cricketer and current captain of the Oxford University cricket team. Both a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler, Sharma attended Auckland Grammar School before Oxford, and still plays for Auckland A team over the winter season.
Note: Bartle Bull's father is also named Bartle Bull (born 1939). The elder Bartle Bull, an American of British ancestry, is both an attorney and a novelist. He graduated A.B. from Harvard University, attended Oxford University for graduate studies and Harvard Law School. He is a member of both the Royal Geographical Society and the Explorers Club and practices law in New York City. The elder Bull's published fictional works include A Cafe on the Nile, China Star, The White Rhino Hotel, Shanghai Station, The Devil's Oasis and Safari: A Chronicle of Adventure. He is also a former publisher of The Village Voice.
Alan Cooper grew up in Marin County, California. He attended the College of Marin, studying architecture. As a way to pay for college, he learned programming and took on contract programming jobs. He left school to found one of the first microcomputer software companies.
Keichi Kimura (1914-1988) was a portrait painter and illustrator. He was born in Waiʻanae, Hawaiʻi in 1914. He attended the University of Hawaii, where he met fellow art student and future wife, Sueko. Keichi continued his education at Chouinard Art Institute (Los Angeles), Columbia University (New York City) and the Brooklyn Museum Art School (New York City). He first exhibited at the Honolulu Academy of Arts at 19 years of age. During the Second World War, he served with the 100th Battalion of the 442nd Regimental Combat Team in Italy and France, where he produced many drawings that were also exhibited at the Honolulu Academy of Arts. Keichi Kimura died in Honolulu in 1988.
Irving Friedman (January 12, 1920 - June 28, 2005) was a U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) scientist and a pioneer in geochemistry. Born in New York City, New York, he obtained a B.S. degree in chemistry from Montana State University, a M.S. degree in chemistry from Washington State University, and a Ph.D. in geochemistry at the University of Chicago.
Ted Sullivan (aka, Edward) is an American director/writer/producer/editor. He is a graduate of the University of Southern California Film Writing School. He wrote for daytime serials such as Guiding Light, As the World Turns and One Life to Live. He was nominated for both an Daytime Emmy Award and a Writers Guild of America Award.
Born in Los Angeles, California, Elizabeth Montgomery was the child of actor Robert Montgomery and his wife, Broadway actress Elizabeth Bryan Allen. She had an older sister, Martha Bryan Montgomery, who died as an infant (named after her aunt Martha-Bryan Allen) and a brother, Robert Montgomery, Jr., who was born in 1936. After graduating from The Spence School, she attended the American Academy of Dramatic Arts for three years.
David R. Brink (born 1919) is an American attorney and former President of the American Bar Association. A specialist in Estate planning, Brink graduated from the University of Minnesota and the University of Minnesota Law School before joining the Minnesota law firm of Dorsey & Whitney. While leading the ABA, Brink battled Congress in an attempt to secure the independence of the federal court system.
Robert Paul Ramsey (December 10, 1913 -- February 29, 1988) was an American Christian ethicist of the 20th century. He was a Methodist and a native of Mississippi. He graduated from Millsaps College in Mississippi and Yale University.
The House Un-American Activities Committee subpoenaed Jerry Rubin and Abbie Hoffman of the Yippies in 1967, and again in the aftermath of the 1968 Democratic National Convention. The Yippies used media attention to make a mockery of the proceedings: Rubin came to one session dressed as an American Revolutionary War soldier, and passed out copies of the United States Declaration of Independence to people in attendance. Then Rubin ``blew giant gum bubbles while his co-witnesses taunted the committee with Nazi salutes.'' Rubin also attended HUAC dressed as Santa Claus and a Viet Cong soldier. On another occasion, police stopped Hoffman at the building entrance and arrested him for wearing an American flag. Hoffman quipped for the press, ``I regret that I have but one shirt to give for my country,'' paraphrasing the last words of revolutionary patriot Nathan Hale; meanwhile Rubin, who was wearing a matching Viet Cong flag, shouted that the police were Communists for not arresting him also.
Payton was born at Beeston, Nottinghamshire, the son of Wilfred Payton who also played for Nottinghamshire. He was educated at Nottingham High School and Emmanuel College, Cambridge. He made his debut for Nottinghamshire against Cambridge University in May 1935 when he made double figure scores. In 1937 he played for Cambridge following a top score of 74 in the Seniors' match . He opened with Paul Gibb, but he won his Blue as much for his keenness in the field as for his dogged batting. His contributions at the varsity match were 10 and 3.
Gosselin grew up in the Pacific Northwest. He was goalkeeper for Kentwood High School (Kent, Washington) as a freshman. He then attended Jefferson High School where he was the school's goalkeeper his sophomore year. Thomas Jefferson won the State Champion that year. He then transferred back to Kentwood High School his junior year where he was moved to forward and led the team in scoring as it finished fourth in the state tournament. After graduating from high school in 1987, he entered the University of South Carolina where he played on the men's soccer team from 1987 to 1990. This led to yet another position change, this time to defender. Was selected to the Soccer America all Freshman Team in 1987. NCAA Post Season Tournament 1987-1990. NCAA Final Four 1988.
Harry Pye is an artist, writer and event organiser. He was born in London in 1973. He completed a foundation course at Camberwell School of Art in 1991. He then studied printmaking at Winchester School of Art from 1992 to 1995. In his second year he stopped painting and printmaking and began making films. His first films were interviews with artist and tutor Bruce McLean. He has interviewed many other artists such as The Chapman Brothers, Wolfgang Tillmans and Keith Tyson for various publications including The Face (magazine) and Untitled. He has also edited and published numerous art based fanzines of his own, most notably, ``Harry Pye's FRANK Magazine'' which ran from 1995 to 2000. Since 2005 Pye has written a column about the London art scene for the timeless Estonian newspaper, Epifanio (See: www.epifanio.eu)as well as being the editor of The Rebel magazine.
Born in Glasgow on 23 July 1903, David Henderson subsequently attended the Hamilton Academy, described by Sir Tam Dalyell, former Father of the House of Commons, as ``a remarkable school'' with ``a formidable academic reputation.'' Matriculating at the University of Glasgow, reading agricultural bacteriology and enrolling at the West of Scotland Agricultural College, Henderson graduated in 1926, subsequently being appointed a lecturer in bacteriology at King's College, Durham University, where, in 1930, he was awarded an MSc degree for his work on anaerobic infection in lambs. In the same year he married his first wife, Beatrice Mary Davenport Abell, daughter of Sir Westcott Abell, K.B.E., the celebrated naval architect and surveyor, and Professor of Naval Architecture at Armstrong College, an affiliated college of the University of Durham. In 1931, awarded a Carnegie Research Fellowship, Henderson embarked on research at the Lister Institute of Preventative Medicine, London, and was subsequently awarded a Beit Memorial Research Fellowship for the years 1932-35. In 1934 Henderson was to be awarded a PhD from the University of London for his thesis, ''Studies on the spore-bearing anaerobes with experiments on active and passive immunity. ``
Howard Arman studied at the Trinity College of Music. He first worked with leading British ensembles, but moved to Austria and Germany in 1981.
Matthew Green is the technical director of the Turks and Caicos Islands Football Association since replacing Paul Crosbie in 2004. Green graduated from the University of Hull in 1995 with a BA in History. In 1998 he completed his PGCE and moved to the Bahamas to take up a teaching position at Temple Christian High School. Within a few years he turned the school into one of the major power houses in Bahamian football as his school programme soon became the most progressive and active in the country. His senior high girls team won the BAISS championship from 2001 until 2007 and were undefeated during this time. His boys team could not quite match this success as they lost in four championship finals during this time.
Jenna Johnson (born September 11, 1967 in Santa Rosa, California) is a former competitive swimmer from the United States who won three Olympic medals at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California: a gold medal in the 4x100m freestyle relay, a gold medal in the 4x100 medley relay, and a silver medal in the 100m butterfly. She attended and swam for Ursuline High School in Santa Rosa her freshman and sophomore years. She is an alumnus of Whittier Christian High School, where in 1984 she had the national record of :53.95 in the 100 yard butterfly and the D1 record of 23.07 in the 50 free. While living in Southern California, she trained at the Industry Hills Aquatic Club in the City of Industry, California.http://www.mtscmasters.com/jenna_johnson.htm She is also a graduate of Stanford University.
Robert Fowkes was born in Harrison, New York. He received his B.A. in 1934 from New York University (NYU), with majors in German and Latin, and his M.A. from NYU a year later. He held a fellowship at the University of Bonn (1936--37). He received his Ph.D. in 1947 from Columbia University. Fowkes began teaching at NYU in 1938 as an instructor in German. He later became head of the German Department (1957--1968). He retired from NYU in 1978, but continued as Professor Emeritus, lecturing on Avestan, Old Irish, Gothic, Hittite, and other languages, until the 1990s. He also held a Guggenheim Fellowship in Welsh. During World War II he supervised technical research in German, Dutch, Danish, Swedish, Norwegian, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian and Japanese. Later, at NYU he taught Yiddish, Gothic, Old Saxon, Frisian, Old Norse, Scandinavian, Sanskrit as well as German. He was visiting professor of Celtic languages at Columbia University in 1947.
Bangor-born Egyptologist Sarah Parcak of the University of Alabama was the first member of her discipline to experiment with satellite imaging, and was able to locate 132 undiscovered ancient Egyptian archaeological sites. An earlier archaeologist from Bangor, Henry Williamson Haynes, also did field-work in Egypt. William Witherle Lawrence (1876--1958) of Bangor became a Professor of English at Columbia University and a ground-breaking scholar of Beowulf and the works of Chaucer and Shakespeare. He was awarded the Royal Order of Vasa with the rank of knight by the King of Sweden. Charles Huntington Whitman (1873--1937) of Bangor was Chair of the English Dept. at Rutgers University for 27 years, and a noted scholar of Edmund Spenser. Hayford Peirce Sr., father of the science fiction author Hayford Peirce and brother of painter Waldo Peirce, was a noted scholar of Byzantine Art. Winfield Scott Chaplin (b. 1847), who grew up in Bangor, became professor of civil engineering at the Imperial University (now Tokyo University) in Japan, and was awarded the Imperial Order of Meiji. He was later appointed Dean of the Lawrence Scientific School at Harvard, and eventually Chancellor of Washington University in St. Louis William Otis Sawtelle (1874--1939), who was born in Bangor and taught at Bangor High School, later became a professor of physics at Haverford College and an amateur historian and naturalist. The William Otis Sawtelle Archives and Research Center at Acadia National Park houses his collection among many others. William E. Walz, the Dean of the University of Maine Law School, then in Bangor, was fired by the trustees in 1918 because ``his lectures were tinged with Pro-Germanism''. He was formerly professor of history at the Imperial College in Tokyo (now Tokyo University), and received the Order of the Rising Sun from the Japanese government. Edwin Young, who graduated from Bangor High School in 1935, became Dean of the College of Letters and Science at the University of Wisconsin and President of the University of Maine. He was an economist and expert on international labor relations.
Koji Nakano (b. August, 1974) is a Japanese composer. He was born in Japan and educated in Boston, The Hague, and San Diego. Mr. Nakano has been recognized as one of the major voices among Asian composers of his generation. His work strives to merge Western and Eastern musical traditions, and reflects the relationship between beauty, form and imperfection through the formality of music. Mr. Nakano received his Bachelor's Degree in composition with distinction, and Master's Degree in composition with academic honors and distinction, Pi Kappa Lambda, from the New England Conservatory of Music in Boston, where he studied with Lee Hyla and John Harbison. Later, he studied with Dutch composer Louis Andriessen in Amsterdam and at the Royal Conservatory of Hague as the Japanese Government Overseas Study Program Artist. Mr. Nakano received his Ph.D. in composition from the University of California at San Diego, where he studied with Chinary Ung. In addition to being the recipient of The American Artists and Museum Professionals in Asia Fellowship from the Asian Cultural Council, Mr. Nakano is also The first recipient of the Toru Takemitsu Award in Composition from the Japan Society of Boston awarded annually to the most talented young composer in the Boston area. In 2008, he became the first composer to receive the S&R Washington Award Grand Prize from the S&R Foundation, which is awarded annually to the most talented young artist (in the fields of fine arts, music, drama, dance, photography and film), for his/her contributions to U.S.- Japanese relations. The past distinguished grand prize awardees include soprano Maki Mori (2000), pianist Yu Kosuge (2002), violinists Yosuke Kawasaki (2004), Sayaka Shoji (2006), and Tamaki Kawakubo (2007).
Chris Campoli attended John Cabot Catholic Secondary School for two years before leaving to play for the Erie Otters.
Keith Alldritt is a British novelist, biographer and critic. He was educated at Wolverhampton Grammar School and St Catharine's College, Cambridge. He lives in the West Midlands which are the setting for his novels. For some years he was a Professor of English and American Studies at the University of Illinois and then at the University of British Columbia, Canada. He has contributed articles on modern and contemporary art to various magazines and newspapers in Britain, Canada and the United States.
Vincent was the son of Thomas Vincent, a priest who served as vicar of Bangor, Gwynedd and as rector of Llanfachraeth, Anglesey (both in north Wales). He matriculated at Jesus College, Oxford in 1735, obtaining a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1739 and a Master of Arts degree in 1742. He was ordained and became master of the Friars School, in Bangor, as well as serving as vicar of Bangor, rector of the Caernarfonshire parish of Llandwrog and (from 1763) the rector of Llanfachraeth. He died in 1783. One of his grandsons was the priest and academic James Vincent Vincent.
Jes Bertelsen studied History of Ideas (``Idehistorie'') at Aarhus University, Denmark with founder of this interdisciplinary study, Danish philosopher Professor Johannes Sløk. Jes Bertelsen was employed and lectured at Aarhus University from 1970 to 1982. Jes Bertelsen has written 20 books beginning with the 1972 gold medal award winning MA thesis ``Kategori og afgørelse, strukturer i Kirkegaards tænkning''. His most recent book is from 2008, ``Bevidsthedens flydende lys - Betragtninger over begrebet apperception hos Immanuel Kant og Longchenpa''. His doctoral dissertation was entitled: ''Ouroboros -- en undersøgelse af selvets strukturer'', 1974. In the later part of his authorship he more or less departs from the academic tradition and focuses on psychology, self-development and philosophy of consciousness seen in relationship to meditative instructions. From around 2006 he has also been involved in scientific inquiry into the neurological results of meditative practice. In 2009 he was co-author of an article published in the scientific journal Neuroreport: ``Long-term meditation is associated with increased gray matter density in the brain stem''.
Jason Merrells (born 1968 in Wanstead, London) is an English actor, who received his big break when he starred in Casualty for three years (1994 to 1997) as receptionist Matt Hawley. He was educated at Buckhurst Hill County High School from 1980 to 1986, and later at Chichester University. Merrells has two daughters from his first marriage, Camille and Gina, who live in Oxfordshire with their mother, and one son, Jackson, with his present wife, Zerlina. Merrells is best known for his role as stylist Gavin Ferraday in Cutting It. Jealous of the affair Allie (Sarah Parish) was having with Finn (Ben Daniels), Gavin plotted with Finn's wife Mia (Amanda Holden), and slept with his ex-wife's daughter (who she had given up after a teenage pregnancy), and eventually rekindled his love with Allie before she was killed in a road accident.
In July 2008, Deutsche Telekom began using a TV and cinema advertisement centred on his Britain's Got Talent performance. In August 2008, he did a now famous duet with Daniel Powter on the Wolfbaggin' Tour. In October 2008, Paul Potts sang in Japanese TV advertisements for Ryukakusan Direct throat medicine manufactured by Ryukakusan. Potts received two nominations at the Echo Awards 2009 in Germany: Best International Male Artist and Album of the Year. He won the 2009 Echo Award for Best International Male Artist on 21 February 2009. On 22 April 2009, Potts was the guest co-host on the Australian television programme The Morning Show with Kylie Gillies. Expanding his talent to the online world, Paul Potts recently performed an exclusive in studio performance for AOL Sessions. He collaborated with Swedish singer Carola Häggkvist on her Christmas album Christmas in Bethlehem, singing ``O Holy Night''. Potts has appeared twice on the popular Korean Talent TV show ``Star King'', first in 2008 and once again in 2010.
Hamilton Fish (September 5, 1951) (also known as Hamilton Fish V, Hamilton Fish, Jr., or ``Ham'') is a publisher, social entrepreneur, environmental advocate, and film producer in New York City. He was born in Washington, D.C. to Hamilton and Julia MacKenzie Fish. He attended schools in New York City and Massachusetts, where he graduated from Harvard University in 1973. He is currently the President of the Public Concern Foundation and Publisher of the twice-monthly independent political periodical, The Washington Spectator, edited by Lou Dubose.
This discussion group was founded around Freud at the suggestion of the physician Wilhelm Stekel. Stekel had studied medicine at the University of Vienna under Richard von Krafft-Ebing. His conversion to psychoanalysis is variously attributed to his successful treatment by Freud for a sexual problem or as a result of his reading The Interpretation of Dreams, to which he subsequently gave a positive review in the Viennese daily newspaper Neues Wiener Tagblatt. The other three original members whom Freud invited to attend, Alfred Adler, Max Kahane, and Rudolf Reitler, were also physicians and all five were Jewish by birth. Both Kahane and Reitler were childhood friends of Freud. Kahane had attended the same secondary school and both he and Reitler went to university with Freud. They had kept abreast of Freud's developing ideas through their attendance at his Saturday evening lectures. In 1901, Kahane, who first introduced Stekel to Freud's work, had opened an out-patient psychotherapy institute of which he was the director in Bauernmarkt, in Vienna. In the same year, his medical textbook, Outline of Internal Medicine for Students and Practicing Physicians was published. In it, he provided an outline of Freud's psychoanalytic method. Kahane broke with Freud and left the Wednesday Psychological Society in 1907 for unknown reasons and in 1923 he committed suicide. Reitler was the director of an establishment providing thermal cures in Dorotheergasse which had been founded in 1901. He died prematurely in 1917. Adler, regarded as the most formidable intellect among the early Freud circle, was a socialist who in 1898 had written a health manual for the tailoring trade. He was particularly interested in the potential social impact of psychiatry. Max Graf, a Viennese musicologist and father of ``Little Hans'', who had first encountered Freud in 1900 and joined the Wednesday group soon after its initial inception, described the ritual and atmosphere of the early meetings of the society: The gatherings followed a definite ritual. First one of the members would present a paper. Then, black coffee and cakes were served; cigar and cigarettes were on the table and were consumed in great quantities. After a social quarter of an hour, the discussion would begin. The last and decisive word was always spoken by Freud himself. There was the atmosphere of the foundation of a religion in that room. Freud himself was its new prophet who made the heretofore prevailing methods of psychological investigation appear superficial. By 1906 the group had grown to sixteen members, including Otto Rank, who was employed as the group's paid secretary. Also in that year Freud began correspondence with Jung who was then an assistant to Eugen Bleuler at the Burghölzli Mental Hospital in Zurich. In March 1907 Jung and Ludwig Binswanger, also a Swiss psychiatrist, travelled to Vienna to visit Freud and attend the discussion group. Thereafter they established a small psychoanalytic group in Zurich. In 1908, reflecting its growing institutional status, the Wednesday group was renamed the Vienna Psychoanalytic Society.
Eugenio Garin (May 9, 1909 -December 29, 2004) was an Italian philosopher and Renaissance historian. He was recognised as an authority on the cultural history of the Renaissance. Born at Rieti, Garin studied philosophy at the University of Florence, graduating in 1929, and after a period as professor of philosophy at the licei scientifici di Palermo and the University of Cagliari, Garin began teaching at his alma mater in 1949 until 1974, then moving to the Scuola Normale di Pisa until his retirement in 1984. He also was the editor of the journals Rinascimento and Il Giornale Critico della Filosofia Italiana.
Daniel Waterland was born at Walesby Rectory, Lincolnshire, England, and educated in Lincoln and at Magdalene College, Cambridge, where he graduated BA in 1703 and MA in 1706. He took orders, and obtained various preferments, becoming Master of Magdalene College in 1714, Chancellor of York in 1722, and Archdeacon of Middlesex in 1730.
Clark Graebner (born November 4, 1943 in Cleveland, Ohio), is a retired American professional tennis player, originally from Cleveland, Ohio, who won a number of championships. He graduated from Northwestern University, where he joined the Delta Upsilon fraternity. Graebner's deceased wife, Carole, was also a successful touring tennis professional. Graebner was considered to be one of the fastest servers in his time.
Shelby Lynne was born in Virginia but grew up in the small town of Frankville, Alabama, near Chatom, Alabama, where she attended Washington County High School. Music was an important part of the Moorer family. Her father, who worked as an English teacher and a juvenile corrections officer, played the guitar, while her mother was a singer. Her father also drank a lot and eventually became abusive. In August 1986, when Lynne was 17, her father shot and killed her mother and then himself. She and her younger sister Allison Moorer subsequently moved in with relatives.
David Browne is an American journalist and author. He was the resident music critic at Entertainment Weekly between 1990 and 2006. He was an editor at Music & Sound Output magazine and a music critic at the New York Daily News before EW. He has written articles for a variety of publications including: the New York Times, Rolling Stone, Spin, New Republic and Time. He has written four books: (HarperCollins, 2001) a dual father/son biography of musicians Jeff Buckley and Tim Buckley; (Bloomsbury, 2004), a history of extreme sports; and (Da Capo, 2008). His latest book is ``,'' which was published by Da Capo in June 2011. The book tells the story of four iconic artists and their four landmark albums of that year (Let It Be, Bridge Over Troubled Water, Sweet Baby James, and Deja vu) and how their lives and music reflected and shaped the transition from one era to another. Browne was born and raised in New Jersey and attended New York University, where he received a bachelor's degree in journalism, with a minor in music. He lives in Manhattan.
John Carlisle Kilgo was born to James Tillman Kilgo and Catherine Mason Kilgo on July 22, 1861 in Laurens, South Carolina. His father was a circuit preacher in the Methodist Episcopal Church, South. Kilgo attended Wofford College but dropped out after his sophomore year. Soon thereafter, the MECS ordained Kilgo as a circuit preacher in which capacity he served for six years. On December 20, 1882, Kilgo married Fannie Nott Turner. In 1888, Wofford College appointed Kilgo as a financial agent of the college where Kilgo became known in the region for his preaching and leadership potential. During his time at Wofford, Kilgo studied with Henry N. Snyder for three years and was awarded an honorary MA.
In 2006, Sajjad Kishwar received ``Lifetime Achievement Award'' from Radio Pakistan.
William Colby was born in Benicia, California and was brought up by his aunt after being orphaned at the age of six. He received his law degree from Hastings College of the Law in San Francisco, and his legal practice specialized in forestry and mining issues. In 1937, he received an Honorary Degree from Mills College, then a women's college, in Oakland, California.
Leo J. Enright (born March 18, 1955) is an Irish radio broadcaster and news reporter. He is currently Chairman of the Irish Government's science awareness programme, Discover Science & Engineering. He is a member of the Board of Governors of the School of Cosmic Physicsat the Dublin Institute for Advanced Studies. Leo Enright was born in London, but considers Dublin his home town. He was educated at St. Fintan's High School, Sutton and University College Dublin. As a Fellow of the World Press Institute, he studied American history, economics and culture at Macalester College, in St. Paul, Minnesota.
Michael Eskesen (born June 5, 1986) is an ice hockey defenceman who played for Denmark at the 2011 IIHF World Championship.
Ethyl Eichelberger was born James Roy Eichelberger on July 17, 1945 in Pekin, Illinois. He attended Knox College in Galesburg, Illinois and graduated from the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York City in 1967. For seven years he was the lead character actor at the Trinity Repertory Company in Providence, Rhode Island. He then returned to New York, changed his name to Ethyl, and became a member of Charles Ludlam's Ridiculous Theatrical Company, acting and designing wigs.
Massoud Azarnoush (25 March 1945 -- 27 November 2008) was an Iranian archaeologist. He was born in Kermanshah. He received his MA from the department of archaeology at University of Tehran in 1972 and his PhD from the University of California, Los Angeles in 1985. After returning to Iran, he taught at the University of Tehran before taking up the direction of the Iranian Center for Archaeological Research. He had a fundamental role in reorganizing the ICAR in its new building in the Mas'udieh Palace. Azarnoush helped young archaeologists and students to join to the ICAR and participate in various archaeological research and activities. Although his career was historical archaeology, but he had a keen interest in developing research on the pre- and proto-history of Iran, especially Paleolithic studies. He emphasized the importance of interdisciplinary studies such as archaeobotany and zooarchaeology. Azarnoush welcomed international cooperation, and the series of rescue excavations in the Bulaghi gorge near Pasargadae in cooperation with teams from Germany, France, Poland has been one of the rare successes of archaeological fieldwork in Iran during the past 20 years. He excavated at important sites such as Kangavar, Hamadan, Susa, and Hajiabad where he found a Sassanian manor house at with stucco decorations, which served the basis for his doctoral dissertation and book. He was preparing a field project at the Parthian remains at Qaleh Yazdgird near Kermanshah. He re-investigated Tepe Hegmataneh in Hamadan. His excavations demonstrated that the actual remains date to the Parthian period at the earliest. Median Ecbatana should be sought elsewhere. He prematurely died of a heart attack on his return from the excavations at Hamadan at the age of 63.
Pam Chun graduated with honors from Punahou School in Honolulu. She was awarded full scholarships to the University of Hawaii as a Board of Regents Scholar and to the University of California at Berkeley where she graduated with Honors in English.
Lisa Rose Apramian (also known as Dr. Lisa) is an American author and director. She is most known for the documentary she directed, Not Bad for a Girl, which was co-produced by Kyle C. Kyle, former drummer for Venus and the Razorblades and the Motels, and Courtney Love. The film focused on the grunge and riot grrrl scene and musicians involved in it including artists such as L7, Babes in Toyland, Hole and the Lunachicks. Joan Jett is also interviewed. Apramian studied at the University of Southern California where she received a B.S. in business and Critical Gender Studies and a M.S. and Ph.D in Counseling Psychology and phenomenology. She currently practices psychology and theatrical coaching. Two of her clients), Renee Humphrey and Alicia Witt, were awarded Jury Awards for best acting Sundance Film Festival, in Rafael Zelinsky's movie, Fun.
Jason Atkinson was born on November 6, 1970, in Sacramento, California. He grew up in the Medford, Oregon area, where, as an adolescent, he worked at his father's radio station, KDOV. His father, Perry Atkinson, ran for Congress three times and once served as chairman of the Oregon Republican Party. Growing up, Jason competed in skiing and in mountain bike racing. In 1992, he earned a Bachelor's degree in political science and history from Southern Oregon State College. Atkinson then attended Willamette University where he earned a MBA from the school's Atkinson Graduate School of Management in 1997. Atkinson is the founder of several entrepreneurial ventures, including Allmand Tree Creative. He also hosts a local radio talk show in Medford.
Harriet Merrill Johnson was born in Bangor, Maine in 1986. She graduated from the Massachusetts Homeopathic Hospital and began working as a district nurse at the Henry Street Settlement. While working as a district nurse, Johnson became interested in the needs of children. Along the side of Lucy Mitchell and Caroline Pratt, they formed the Bureau of Education Experiments in 1916. Their aim was to bring various specialists and researchers together in an experimental educational environment. Johnson was the founder and first director of the bureau's Nursery school, which was later named in her honor. Harriet Johnson wrote many books: - In 1916 -> The Visiting Teacher - In 1924 -> A Nursery School Experiment: Descriptive Report - In 1928 -> Children in Nursery School - In 1933 -> The Art of block building - In 1936 -> School Begins at two: A book for Teachers and Parents
Cynthia Breazeal received her B.S. in Electrical and Computer Engineering from the University of California, Santa Barbara in 1989, her S.M. in 1993 and her Sc.D. in 2000 in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, both from MIT.
The works of John Browne are given pride of place in the Eton manuscript. It seems that in the examples given above that Cornysh may have been emulating Browne (his own Stabat mater features a celebrated madrigalian setting of ``crucifige'', and his O Maria salvatoris Mater features the exclamation ``En'' (=``Oh'') in a similar way to Cornysh's interjection in his Stabat mater).
Donovan Raiola (; born December 13, 1982 in Honolulu, Hawaii) is an American football center for the Washington Redskins of the National Football League. He was signed by the St. Louis Rams as an undrafted free agent in 2006. He played college football at Wisconsin. He played high school football at Kamehameha Schools in Honolulu, Hawaii
Diana Snyder is currently a student at New York University's Kanbar Institute of Film and Television at the Tisch School of the Arts. After attending and eventually becoming president of Greenwich Academy, where she gained recognition for her hit weekly series ``Dateline with Diana'', she went on to become the Director of the Westport Youth Film Festival.
Newman was born at Caboolture in Queensland to Irish-born labourer and farmer James Newman and Elizabeth, née Irwin. He attended Brisbane Grammar School and the University of Sydney, graduating with a Bachelor of Engineering specialising in mining and metallurgy in 1901. From 1902 he worked as a trucker, timberman, miner and assistant surveyor at Broken Hill; he moved to Western Australia in 1904 to work as a surveyor with Peak Hill Goldfield Ltd, of which he was general manager in 1907. He married Elizabeth Maud in Perth on 3 October 1908, although they were later divorced.
The Aboriginal Peoples Party of Canada (APP) is a Canadian political party that was founded in 2005. Originally conceived by University of Lethbridge student Myron Wolf Child, the party held its founding meeting on August 21, 2005, in St. Albert, Alberta. The APP was headed by interim leader Bill Montour, a former Chief of the Six Nations Reserve in Ontario. In October 2005, the party had 122 confirmed members, just less than half the number needed to register as an official party in Canada. In late October 2005, the APP sought to unite with the First Peoples National Party of Canada which also had fewer than the number of confirmed members needed to become a registered political party. The First Peoples National Party of Canada became an eligible political party on December 6, 2005. Whether or not this was accomplished through a merger with the APP is still unclear. If this is the case, the APP no longer exists, but, as one of the stipulations of a possible merger was that a name for the new party would be determined at the party's first convention, it is possible that the name Aboriginal Peoples Party of Canada will come into usage again.
Boediono received his early education in primary school in Blitar, East Java. In the early 1960s he began university studies at Gadjah Mada University in Yogyakarta before winning a scholarship to study at the University of Western Australia in Perth. In 1967 he graduated from the University of Western Australia with an economics degree and continued his studies for a master's degree in economics at Monash University in Melbourne which he completed in 1972. Later, he undertook further studies towards his doctorate degree from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania which he completed in 1979. He also worked in the Indonesia project at the Australian National University in the early 1970s as a research assistant in economics.
Lana Wachowski was born as Laurence (better known as ``Larry'') in Chicago in 1965. Andy Wachowski followed in 1967. Their mother, Lynne (née Luckinbill), was a nurse and painter whose brother is actor Laurence Luckinbill. Their father, Ron Wachowski, was a businessman of Polish descent. They went to Kellogg Elementary School, in Chicago's Beverly area, and graduated from Whitney Young High School, known for its performing arts and science curriculum, in 1983 and '86. Former students recall them playing Dungeons & Dragons and working in the school's theater and TV program. Andy then attended Emerson College in Boston, while Larry went to Bard College in New York. Both dropped out before graduating, and they ran a carpentry business in Chicago while creating comic books.
He born in Geneva, the eldest son of George Pitt of Stratfieldsaye, Hampshire and his wife Mary Louise Bernier from Strasbourg. General Sir William Augustus Pitt was his younger brother. He was educated at Winchester and Magdalen College, Oxford, from which he graduated with MA in 1739 and DCL in 1745. He then travelled on the continent from 1740 to 1742.
Ambrose obtained a B.A. from Stanford University in 1932 and a Ph.D. form Yale University in 1935.
Calugas eventually retired from the army with the rank of Captain and in 1957 he moved to in Tacoma, Washington with his family. After retiring from the army he earned a degree in Business Administration from the University of Puget Sound in 1961 and worked for the Boeing Corporation. In addition to furthering his education and starting a new career, he was involved in several veterans groups within the Seattle and Tacoma area. He died in Tacoma on January 18, 1998 at age 90 and is buried at Mountain View Memorial Park in Tacoma, Washington. He was survived by his three children, including retired Sergeant First Class Jose Calugas Jr., eleven grandchildren, and six great-grandchildren. His wife of 52 years died in 1991.
In addition to an honorary Ph.D., Jennifer, a Detroit native, studied in a Doctoral Program for Media Ecology at New York University and was to attend Law School at Wayne State University when she got into television. Jennifer graduated with a B.A. in psychology from Oakland University in Michigan. Jennifer is a native of Allen Park, MI, a Downriver community in Metro Detroit. Radio interview with Jennifer Valoppi WSLR by Doug Miles
Frederick Power, as he was then known, was educated at Hampton School then Dover College with his brother George, who would later accompany him on tour in America as Littledale Power. In 1883 at the age of 14 he was sent from England to Florida by his parents to learn citrus planting.
John Yap was born in Singapore to a homemaker mother and a medical doctor father. Yap is of Chinese descent and speaks Mandarin and Cantonese. The family immigrated to Canada, settling in Greater Vancouver by 1976. John moved to Richmond, British Columbia in 1986. He attended the University of British Columbia, where he completed a Bachelors of Science and graduated with a Masters of Business Administration. He went on to lead a twenty-years career in banking with Toronto-Dominion Bank and financial planning with the Investors Group. John is married with two grown children, a son and a daughter. His wife, Suzanne Yap, graduated with a Commerce degree from Simon Fraser University. His son, Michael Yap, is currently doing his Bachelor of Arts at the University of British Columbia. His daughter, Lisa Yap, is doing a Bachelor of Communications at Simon Fraser University. Both Lisa and Michael are open champion level Irish dancers. For the past two decades, John and his family have resided in Richmond.
Mathews was born in Augusta County, Virginia on September 30, 1774, the son of a planter and Revolutionary War officer, George Mathews and his wife, Polly. The elder Mathews would later serve twice as Governor of Georgia. In 1785, the elder Mathews moved himself and his whole family to Wilkes County, Georgia in land that today is in Oglethorpe County. Mathews returned to Virginia for his education at Liberty Hall Academy (which later became Washington and Lee University. He originally set out to become a physician but was persuaded by his father to study law under his brother, John Mathews, in Augusta, Georgia.
In August 2004 Cannon co-founded Big Time Attic with former co-publisher Shad Petosky and fellow Grinnell College alumnus Kevin Cannon. With Big Time Attic, he has illustrated a book with Jim Ottaviani entitled Bone Sharps, Cowboys, and Thunder Lizards.
Clayton Lewis was born in Snoqualmie, Washington and died at his home at Laird's Landing, Point Reyes National Seashore, California. He was raised in Snoqualmie before moving to Seattle in 1936 to study at the Cornish School for the Arts (later Cornish College of the Arts). Between 1937 and 1940 he lived in San Francisco, where he studied at the California School of Fine Arts (later the San Francisco Art Institute).
Willis Seaver Adams (1842--1921) was a landscape painter who studied under James Abbott McNeill Whistler. He studied at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Antwerp, Belgium and was part of the Tonalism movement, which took place in the late 19th century.
Cindy Marano was born in Philadelphia in 1947. Her family moved frequently due to her father's work, and she attended nine different schools before she graduated high school. She was inspired by her 8th grade teacher and joined the Peace Corps in the 1960s, serving for two years in Ecuador. The work she did in Ecuador with poor women and children affected her deeply, and she would go on to establish a distribution network for the hand-woven goods the women made. She attended Northwestern University for two years. She went on to join the Peace Corps and served two years in Ecuador. She went on to George Mason University where she graduated in 1972 with a degree in English. At the time of her death in 2005 from adenoid cystic carcinoma she lived in Oakland, California.
Yahoo Serious received an honorary doctorate from the University of Newcastle in 1996.
Teresa Rampazzi was born in Vicenza, Italy, and studied piano as a child, then continued her studies at the Milan Conservatory and graduated with a diploma in composition. She lived for a while in Verona, and in 1956 moved with her husband to Padua where she became a member of the Trio Bartók and the Circolo Pozzetto music ensembles.
Dawson Palgrave Turner was born on 15 December 1846 in Calcutta, India. He was the son of Gurney Turner (1813 to 1848) and Mary Anne Hamilton Mowatt. His paternal grandfather, after whom he was named, was Dawson Turner (1775 to 1858) the banker and botanist, and he got his middle name from his paternal grandmother, Mary Palgrave (1774--1850). He attended Rugby School
Bujar Bukoshi (Serbo-Croat: Bujar Bukoši) (born 13 May 1947 in Suva Reka, Yugoslavia) was the Minister of Healthcare in Kosovo in the first government of Hashim Thaci. Previously, he served as Prime Minister of Kosovo within the self-proclaimed Republic of Kosova from 1991 to 2000. He graduated from the University of Belgrade's Medical School.
Theodore C. Janeway was born in New York City, the son of Edward G. Janeway, M.D. He received his A.B. in 1892 from Yale University and his M.D. in 1895 from the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Columbia University. After interning, he served on the staff of City Hospital and St. Luke's Hospital in New York and was a faculty member at New York University and Bellevue Medical College and at the College of Physicians and Surgeons.
Muj is a music duo from New York City formed in 2008, by members Allen Hulsey (born in Rochester, NY on February 8, 1985) and Emre Atabay (born in Istanbul, Turkey January 15, 1986). Muj songs span a wide variety of genres including pop, rock, dance, electronica, trip-hop and acoustic. Muj has been a semi-finalist in a talent search from MTV named Music Universe Contest for their song ``Elastic'' from album 2012. This album was given rave reviews by a number of critics. Muj also won ``Clash of the artists'' event organized by Art for Progress, for live music. Both Allen and Emry have graduated from Berklee College of Music.
Kim Parlee (born 1970) is an anchor and host of SqueezePlay at BNN: Business News Network (previously Report on Business Television) and formerly anchor of Stars and Dogs, After Hours and Talking Tax. Since starting with the channel in 2001, she has worked in a number of capacities including anchor, markets editor and technology reporter. Prior to ROBTV/BNN, Parlee worked with CBC Newsworld, worked in strategy and finance with a number of blue chip companies in Canada and abroad, and taught marketing at Dalhousie University. Parlee holds an International MBA from the Schulich School of Business and a commerce degree from the University of Guelph.
Christy Hui is the creator of Xiaolin Showdown. Han Chinese, she grew up in China and moved to the United States. She currently lives in California. She received her MBA from the University of Southern California, and worked for companies including Sony Pictures and DirecTV. In Xiaolin Showdown, which was produced by Warner Brothers Animation, she has a Shen Gong Wu named after her, the Fountain of Hui (however ``Hui'' also means ``knowledge'' in Chinese). This Emmy-award winning show ran for fifty-two episodes, and aired on both KidsWB and Cartoon Network. She also recently created a girl-oriented TV project called Hulala Girls which also features an interactive online community with a green message. KidScreen Magazine recently reviewed this project. The site aims to deliver green messages to kids through fun and games.
Indrajitsinhji was born in Jamnagar, Gujarat. He was the nephew of Duleepsinhji, and great-nephew of Ranjitsinghi. His cousins included Suryaveer Singh and Hanumant Singh. He was educated at Rajkumar College, Rajkot.
Dmytro Levytsky was born in the Lviv region, then part of Austria-Hungary, in 1877. He completed law school at the University of Vienna and during World War I served as an officer in the army of Austria-Hungary. Captured by the Russians in 1915, he spent the remainder of the war in Tashkent. Returning to Ukraine as the Russian Empire fell apart, Levytsky helped to organize the unification of the West Ukrainian National Republic with the Ukrainian National Republic. After western Ukraine was conquered by Poland in 1919, Levytsky was involved in organizing Ukrainians in Vienna. In 1923 he became editor of western Ukrainians' largest newspaper, Dilo, and two years later he became head of the newly formed Ukrainian National Democratic Alliance, the largest political party representing Ukrainians within the Polish state. Between 1928 and 1935 he was a member of the Polish parliament and was head of the Ukrainian delegation. He resigned his leadership of the party when it chose to work together with the Polish government. When western Ukraine was annexed by the Soviets, Levytsky was arrested, deported to Moscow and never heard from again.
Sir Michael Darrington was educated at Lancing College in Sussex. He later qualified as a chartered accountant and spent 17 years with United Biscuits, latterly in general management. During this time he attended the PMD course at Harvard Business School. He joined Greggs Bakery in 1983 and was appointed Managing Director in January 1984. He was awarded a knighthood in 2004 in recognition of his services to business and to the community in the North East.
John Macdonald Aiken (1880-1961) was born in Aberdeen. He was a painter in oil and watercolour, an etcher and stained glass artist. After serving a six-year apprenticeship as a draughtsman with the lithographer Robert Gibb RSA (1845-1932), he studied at Gray's School of Art in Aberdeen, at the Royal College of Art in London under Gerald Moira (1867-1959) and in Florence.
Juliet Lundholm is a classically trained Anglo-Swedish actress based in the UK. She studied at Middlesex University, where she has also taught, and at the Guildford School of Acting.
Allison played piano in grammar school and trumpet in high school. He went to college at the University of Mississippi for a while, then enlisted in the U.S. Army for two years. Fresh out of the Army, he enrolled at Louisiana State University, from which he was graduated in 1952 with a BA in English with a minor in Philosophy. It was at that point that he moved to New York City and launched his jazz career performing with artists such as Stan Getz, Gerry Mulligan, Al Cohn, Zoot Sims, and Phil Woods. His debut album, Back Country Suite was issued on the Prestige label in 1957. He formed his own trio in 1958.
Daniel Gaudiello began dance lessons aged six, studying at the Johnny Young Talent School and the Promenade Dance Studio in Brisbane. He then attended The Australian Ballet School during which time he was an exchange student with The National Ballet School of Canada and the School of American Ballet. He joined The Australian Ballet in 2004 and was promoted to soloist in 2007. He was promoted to principal artist in 2010, at the same time as his wife Lana Jones.
Norbert Schwarz is the Charles Horton Cooley Collegiate Professor of Psychology in the Social Psychology program at the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor. He also has appointments as Professor of Marketing at the Ross School of Business, Research Professor in the Program in Survey Methodology and Research Professor at the Institute for Social Research. He received a Ph.D. in sociology from the University of Mannheim, Germany (1980) and a ``Habilitation'' in psychology from the University of Heidelberg, Germany (1986). He served as Scientific Director of ZUMA, an interdisciplinary social science research center in Mannheim (1987--1992) before moving to the University of Michigan in 1993. He was a Fellow at the Center for Advanced Study in Behavioral Sciences at Stanford in 2009-10.
Michael Grimm was born in Brooklyn and was raised in Queens. He graduated from Archbishop Molloy High School, a Briarwood, Queens-based co-ed Roman Catholic school, in 1988.
Simone Callender (born 11 November 1978) is a British judoka. She attended Raine's Foundation School in Bethnal Green.
Joseph Anthony taught at the American Theatre Wing, Vassar College, Hunter College, and at New York University. In 1937, Anthony became one of the founding members of American Actors Company. In 1976, Anthony became a Professor of Theatre Arts at the State University of New York at Purchase. He was also a member of the Actors Studio, a council member of the Actors' Equity Association, a board member of what was then known as the Screen Directors Guild, and the first President of the Society of Stage Directors and Choreographers.
Peter Gwinn is an American comedy writer and improviser from Evanston, Illinois. He attended Carleton College in Northfield, MN. He has taught at both the I.O. and Upright Citizens Brigade theaters and is the founder of the musical improv group Baby Wants Candy. He is the author of the 2003 book, Group Improvisation: The Manual of Ensemble Improv Games. Gwinn is currently a staff writer for the TV political satire The Colbert Report. He has made several on-screen appearances, as Jimmy the director, as a singer in a ``Formula 401'' sperm commercial and as a barbecue attendee.
Malcolm was educated at Eton College (where he was a King's Scholar) , read History at Peterhouse, Cambridge, wrote his doctorate dissertation at Trinity College, Cambridge, and was for a time Fellow of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge.
Martin Perlich, born 1937 in Cleveland, Ohio is an American broadcaster and writer. He attended Western Reserve Academy in Hudson, Ohio and Columbia University where he studied music history with composer Douglas Moore.
John Guckenheimer (b. 1945, Baton Rouge, LA) joined the Department of Mathematics at Cornell University in 1985. He was previously at the University of California at Santa Cruz (1973-1985). He was a Guggenheim fellow in 1984, and was elected president of the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics in 1996. Guckenheimer received his B.A. from Harvard University in 1966 and his Ph.D. from the University of California at Berkeley in 1970. His Ph.D. thesis advisor was Stephen Smale.
Patrik Austin studied Scandinavian languages at University College London, and has an MA from the University of Helsinki. In the past few years, Austin has written several articles on pseudoscience, especially in the field of education. His publishers include the Finnish Teacher's Magazine, The Finnish Skeptic's Magazine, Universitas Helsingiensis and Helsingin Sanomat among others.
The inscription on the front of the pedestal reads ``Douglas MacArthur 1880-1964''. The plaque on the back reads ``MacARTHUR SQUARE: MacArthur Square was designated on September 17, 1945 to honor General of the Army Douglas MacArthur for his leadership of the Allied forces in the Pacific during World War II. MacArthur, his father General Arthur MacArthur, and his grandfather judge Arthur McArthur, were all residents of Milwaukee. Douglas lived at the Plankinton House and attended West Division High School. In 1898 he was appointed to the U.S. Military Academy by Milwaukee Congressman Theobald Otjen. Douglas MacArthur's final here was on April 27, 1951, when he received an honorary degree from Marquette University and spoke at this site.''
Keene was the son of Richard Keene and Priscilla Kimpton, born in London on 15 May 1825. At the age of three, Keene moved with his family to Derby when his father became the manager of Frost's Silk Mill. He was educated at Thomas Swanwick's Academy and then at Matthew Spencer's Academy in Derby before becoming an apprentice to Thomas Richardson & Sons, printers in Ashbourne, Derbyshire. He subsequently went to work in their London offices before working for Simpkin Marshall & Co publishers and booksellers. He married Mary Barrow in 1851 and had eight children in total, five sons and 3 daughters, living in Radbourne Street, Derby. He died at his home in Derby in December 1894.
Scott Coe (March 16, 1980 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a former professional Canadian football linebacker. He was drafted by the Hamilton Tiger-Cats in the fifth round of the 2002 CFL Draft. He played high school football at Kelvin High School and college football at Manitoba.
William Howard Taft (September 15, 1857 - March 8, 1930) was the 27th President of the United States and later the 10th Chief Justice of the United States. Taft is the only person to have served in both offices. Born in 1857 in Cincinnati, Ohio, into the powerful Taft family, Taft graduated from Yale College Phi Beta Kappa in 1878,2 and from Cincinnati Law School in 1880.
Lewis W. Wannamaker was an American biochemist who won the Robert Koch Prize with César Milstein in 1980. He received his bachelor's degree from Emory University and his M.D. from the Duke University School of Medicine and taught at the University of Minnesota. He died in 1983.
Christopher Howe was born in Dearborn, MI (USA), but grew up in Shelby Township, MI where he attended Dwight D. Eisenhower High School.
Roger Lim is an American Asian actor, director, producer, and screenwriter, currently in various stages of post-production on his AmerAsian Trilogy. Born and raised in San Francisco, California, he graduated from the University of San Francisco with a B.A. in Psychology. As a junior at nationally recognized Lowell High School (San Francisco), he was named All-City pitcher after winning his school's first-ever playoff-championship game at Candlestick Park. After a career threatening rotator cuff injury his senior year, he managed to walk on as an outfielder his freshman year at USF, a squad in which 9 of his teammates went on to sign professional contracts. With his arm fully recovered, he made stops at both nationally ranked Los Angeles Pierce College, where he developed his catching skills, and Cal State Hayward, where he finished as the team's second leading hitter. In between college seasons, he was fortunate enough to compete at third base in front of many professional scouts at recruitment camps for the Seattle Mariners, Philadelphia Phillies, and the Major League Scouting Bureau. After returning to USF to earn his degree, he converted to a full-time catcher, playing on various semi-pro teams around Northern and Southern California. Overall, he has competed with and against more than 100 players who have moved on to the professional ranks and into Major League Baseball. After settling in L.A., he began training concurrently in massage therapy and acting courses. During that time, he landed various talent agents, leading him to model in over 150 print ad campaigns including Mercedes, AT&T, Pizza Hut, Carnival Cruise Lines, and Mandalay Bay Resort. In addition to several industrial, television, and film appearances, one of the biggest highlights of his life came when dusted off his baseball gear to catch Los Angeles Dodgers pitcher, Hideo Nomo, in an international Nike commercial. His initial writing efforts were sparked by his acting instructor, Michelle Danner, while studying at the Larry Moss Studios. He soon began scripting his AmerAsian Trilogy, inspired entirely by his close personal relationships, revolving around his immensely challenging baseball journey.
Roger Lim is an American Asian actor, director, producer, and screenwriter, currently in various stages of post-production on his AmerAsian Trilogy. Born and raised in San Francisco, California, he graduated from the University of San Francisco with a B.A. in Psychology. As a junior at nationally recognized Lowell High School (San Francisco), he was named All-City pitcher after winning his school's first-ever playoff-championship game at Candlestick Park. After a career threatening rotator cuff injury his senior year, he managed to walk on as an outfielder his freshman year at USF, a squad in which 9 of his teammates went on to sign professional contracts. With his arm fully recovered, he made stops at both nationally ranked Los Angeles Pierce College, where he developed his catching skills, and Cal State Hayward, where he finished as the team's second leading hitter. In between college seasons, he was fortunate enough to compete at third base in front of many professional scouts at recruitment camps for the Seattle Mariners, Philadelphia Phillies, and the Major League Scouting Bureau. After returning to USF to earn his degree, he converted to a full-time catcher, playing on various semi-pro teams around Northern and Southern California. Overall, he has competed with and against more than 100 players who have moved on to the professional ranks and into Major League Baseball. After settling in L.A., he began training concurrently in massage therapy and acting courses. During that time, he landed various talent agents, leading him to model in over 150 print ad campaigns including Mercedes, AT&T, Pizza Hut, Carnival Cruiselines, and Mandalay Bay Resort. In addition to several industrial, television, and film appearances, one of the biggest highlights of his life came when dusted off his baseball gear to catch Los Angeles Dodgers pitcher, Hideo Nomo, in an international Nike commercial. His initial writing efforts were sparked by his acting instructor, Michelle Danner, while studying at the Larry Moss Studios. He soon began scripting his AmerAsian Trilogy, inspired entirely by his close personal relationships, revolving around his immensely challenging baseball journey.
Malcolm Stewart (born May 15, 1948) is an Canadian film actor. Stewart graduated from the University of Vermont.
Francis Jehl (September 6, 1860 - February 11, 1941) was a laboratory assistant of Thomas Edison. Jehl studied chemistry at Cooper Union at night. After finishing school at the age of 18, he went to work for Edison at Menlo Park. In 1882, Jehl went to Europe to introduce the Edison light system in the various European countries. Jehl wrote a book titled Reminiscences of Menlo Park based on a diary of his experiences at the laboratory.
Karyn Bosnak was born in Chicago, Illinois. After briefly attending the University of Illinois at Urbana-- Champaign, she received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Columbia College Chicago in 1996. She currently resides in the Brooklyn neighborhood of Cobble Hill.
Lee Hills (1906--2000) was an editor and publisher of the Miami Herald and the Detroit Free Press. He was the first chairman and CEO of Knight-Ridder Newspapers and president of the Knight Ridder news service after he helped arrange the merger of Knight Newspapers and Ridder Publications; later in life, he was president of the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation. Hills attended Brigham Young University and the University of Missouri; Lee Hills Hall, the building housing the Columbia Missourian newspaper, is named after him. While editor of the Free Press, he was the winner of the 1956 Pulitzer Prize for deadline reporting for his coverage of negotiations between the United Auto Workers and Ford and General Motors that resulted in the guaranteed annual wage. He also served on the board of trustees of Science Service, now known as Society for Science & the Public, from 1958-1961.
Actors and actresses who have lived in town include former resident Christopher Plummer, Kate Bosworth, Topher Grace, and Chloë Sevigny. Actress Carol Kane attended Cherry Lawn School in Darien until 1965. Film director Gus Van Sant also went to high school in Darien. Jazz saxophonist Gerry Mulligan lived in Darien in later life and died there in 1996. Guitarist Chris Risola grew up in Darien. Musician Moby lived in Darien during his adolescence. Rudolph Valentino was said to have had a Spanish-style home at the entrance of Salem Straits. Emmy-winning television producer and writer Tom Gammill also grew up in Darien.
Abir Muhaisen (born 1973) was adopted by King Hussein of Jordan and his third wife, Queen Alia, after her mother was killed by a plane crash at their Palestinian refugee camp in Amman, Jordan in 1976. She attended Oldfields School (preparatory boarding school) in Glencoe, Maryland and graduated in 1992. She earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Elementary Education from American University, and a Master of Arts in Sports Management and Physical Education from Virginia Commonwealth University. Muhaisen became a Certified Teacher in 1998.
William Herbert Parry Faunce (January 15, 1859 -- January 31, 1930) was an American clergyman, educator and the son of Daniel Faunce, born at Worcester, Massachusetts He graduated in 1880 at Brown University (where he then taught mathematics for a year), and at 1884 at Newton Theological Seminary, and from 1884 to 1889 was pastor of the State Street Baptist Church of Springfield, Massachusetts From 1889 to 1899 he was pastor of the Fifth Avenue Baptist Church of New York City, New York, in 1896-97 he lectured in the Divinity School of the University of Chicago, and in 1898-99 he was a member of the board of resident preachers of Harvard University. In 1899 he became president of Brown University; during his administration the endowment of the university was largely increased. He was Lyman Beecher lecturer at Yale University in 1907-08 and was prominent in the work of the Religious Education Association. His writings include numerous contributions, chiefly to religious periodicals, and the volumes The Educational Ideal in the Ministry (1909) and What Does Christianity Mean? (1912).
Darrett B. Rutman (4 March 1929--11 April 1997) was a noted historian of early America. He received his Ph.D. from the University of Virginia in 1959. He was a distinguished scholar and served on the History faculties of the University of Minnesota, 1959--1968, the University of New Hampshire, 1968--1984, and the University of Florida in Gainesville, 1984-1996. He died of an aortic aneurysm on April 11, 1997.http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html? res=9802EFDE163FF937A25757C0A961958260
Wang Zhaoguo was born in Fengrun, Hebei in 1941. He joined the Communist Party of China in 1965. He graduated from Harbin Institute of Technology in 1966 specializing in Mechanical Engineering.
Buckley was born in 1939 and educated at Eltham College and Christ Church, Oxford where he studied Mods and Greats. In 1962, Buckley joined the Treasury as an Assistant Principal. He was the Assistant Private Secretary to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, James Callaghan between 1965 and 1966. He was then a Principal at the Treasury until 1968, when he moved to the Civil Service Department, where he stayed until 1971. Buckley moved back to the Treasury as Principal and then as Assistant Secretary between 1974 and 1977. He was at the Department of Industry between 1977 and 1980 and then moved back to the Treasury yet again as an Assistant Secretary. In 1982 Buckley became the Under Secretary of the Cabinet Office before becoming the head of the electricity and coal divisions at the Department of Energy in 1985. In 1989 Buckley became the principal establishment and finance officer at the Department, where he served until 1991. Buckley was Chairman of Dartford and Gravesham NHS Trust between 1995 and 1996.
Anthony Pollina was born in New Jersey. He graduated from Johnson State College in Johnson, Vermont. He is presently head of the Vermont Democracy Fund. He currently resides in Middlesex, Vermont with his wife Deborah and their two daughters, Alessandra and Maya.
Rogers was born at Muswell Hill. A fair-haired right-handed middle-order batsman who sometimes opened the innings, Stuart Rogers was educated at Highgate School and went to Cambridge University before joining the Chindits during the Second World War. He played in the wartime university match against Oxford University in 1942.
Luiz de Aguiar Costa Pinto (6 February 1920 -- 1 November 2002) was a Brazilian sociologist. In his work, Pinto specialised on race relations in Brazil. He was one of the authors of the landmark UNESCO statement The Race Question, in 1950. Pinto taught at the University of Waterloo.
Jones was born in Orangeburg, South Carolina. By his marriage to Sarah Taylor, daughter of Brig. Gen. Joseph Pannell Taylor, he was a nephew of Zachary Taylor, the 12th US President, and a cousin of Jefferson Davis and Richard Taylor. He graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1846 and served in the Mexican-American War.
Blenda Gay attended H. B. Sugg High School in Farmville, North Carolina. After high school he attended Fayetteville State University in Fayetteville, North Carolina. There he started on the football team winning all-CIAA and Division II All-American.
Tripp was the son of William Tripp (1794-1875), a farmer and Methodist minister who had served in the War of 1812; his mother was Naamah Bartlett (1798-1874), William Tripp's second wife. The family moved from Harmony to the nearby town of Ripley in 1844. Bartlett Tripp entered Colby College in 1857, but left without graduating in 1861 to travel to California. On the way he visited his older half-brother William in Iowa and also visited the south-eastern part of the Dakota Territory. In California he did some surveying, then moved to Salt Lake City, Utah (where his brother Enoch Bartlett Tripp (1823-1909), a prominent Mormon merchant, lived) and taught school (1864-5). He eventually returned to Maine to regain his health. He then attended Albany Law School, graduating in 1867. While in law school Tripp met future president William McKinley, who became a lifelong friend.
Elizabeth M. Tamposi was born in Nashua, New Hampshire on February 13, 1955, the daughter of Nashua real estate developer Samuel A. Tamposi. She attended the University of New Hampshire, receiving a B.A. in 1978, and Harvard University, receiving an M.P.A. in 1984.
Klaus M. Leisinger was born in Lörrach in 1947. He studied Economics and Social Sciences at the University of Basel (Switzerland), earned his doctorate in Economics and did his post-doc (habilitated) in Sociology, on ``Health Policy for the Least Developed Countries''.
Zigman was born in San Diego, California. A graduate of Point Loma High School, he studied at the University of California, Los Angeles. While still at university, he had a contract with Almo Irving and wrote songs for Carly Simon, the T.V. show Fame, and co-wrote with David Lasley, Jerry Knight and Steve Cropper. In 1983, he began studying with his cousin George Bassman (who orchestrated The Wizard of Oz and wrote the music for the films Marty and The Postman Always Rings Twice). Bassman had also penned the Tommy Dorsey Classic, ``Getting Sentimental Over You'', was the musical arranger for Lena Horne and Benny Goodman and orchestrated for Andre Kostelanetz. In the 1980s, Zigman began to make a name for himself as a studio musician and wrote a big hit in pop music called ``Crush On You'' which was a top chart record for The Jets. He then worked for Clive Davis and produced and arranged for Aretha Franklin and Natalie Cole. During this time he wrote, arranged and produced songs for many of the top singers and artists in the industry such as Ray Charles, Sting, Phil Collins, Dionne Warwick, Boz Skaggs, Tina Turner, Seal, Carly Simon, the Pointer Sisters, Huey Lewis, Jennifer Holliday, Patti LaBelle, Chicago, Natalie Cole and Christina Aguilera. In the 1990'ss he entered the film industry, with his work being featured on film soundtracks for Mulan, What's Love Got to Do With It?, The Birdcage, Licence to Kill, Caddyshack and Pocahontas. Aaron Zigman wrote the score for 2004's The Notebook.
Randy Klein (born 1949 New York City) is an American artist, living and working in London. Randy Klein studied at the Art Students League of New York. His work includes painting, sculpture, and artists`` books. From 1991 - 2000 he was lecturer in Metal Sculpture at City and Islington College. He has work in private and public collections in Europe and the USA, including the Tate Gallery, the Victoria and Albert Museum, and the Museum of Modern Art. He has created public sculptures including at Nunhead Station, London and the Biblioteca Classense in Ravenna), Italy.
Mitchell Whitmore (born December 18, 1989 in Santa Ana, California) is an American long track speed skater from Waukesha, Wisconsin. His coach is Mike Witty, whose sister Chris Witty won three Olympic medals, and trains at the Pettit National Ice Center in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Although he took sixth place in the 10,000m event at the 2006 U.S. Speedskating Championships, Whitmore has turned his focus to the sprint events, earning a first place finish in the 500m at the 2009 World Junior Speedskating Championships. He set a track record of 36.44 seconds in his first race at that event in Poland, also placing fourth in the 1000m. He was named to the U.S. team for the 2010 Winter Olympics by winning the 500 meter event at the 2009 U.S. Speedskating Championships in Salt Lake City with a combined time of 70.60 seconds. He graduated from Waukesha North High School in 2007 and currently is enrolled at the University of Wisconsin-- Milwaukee, working towards a degree in psychology. He is the current 2010 U.S. Sprint Champion but finished 37th in the 500m event in Vancouver. He is a recent addition to the new and upcoming team SWIFT 2.0.
At the beginning of the 20th century, cocaine began to be linked to crime. In 1900, the Journal of the American Medical Association published an editorial stating, ``Negroes in the South are reported as being addicted to a new form of vice -- that of 'cocaine sniffing' or the 'coke habit. ''' Some newspapers later claimed cocaine use caused blacks to rape white women and was improving their pistol marksmanship. Chinese immigrants were blamed for importing the opium-smoking habit to the U.S. The 1903 blue-ribbon citizens' panel, the Committee on the Acquirement of the Drug Habit concluded, ``If the Chinaman cannot get along without his dope we can get along without him.'' Theodore Roosevelt appointed Dr. Hamilton Wright as the first Opium Commissioner of the United States in 1908. In 1909, Wright attended the International Opium Commission in Shanghai as the American delegates. He was accompanied by Charles Henry Brent, the Episcopal Bishop. On March 12, 1911, Dr. Wright was quoted in as follows in an article in the New York Times: ``Of all the nations of the world, the United States consumes most habit-forming drugs per capita. Opium, the most pernicious drug known to humanity, is surrounded, in this country, with far fewer safeguards than any other nation in Europe fences it with.'' Wright further stated that ``cocaine is often the direct incentive to the crime of rape by the Negroes of the South and other sections of the country,'' even though there was no evidence to support this claim. Wright also stated that ``one of the most unfortunate phases of smoking opium in this country is the large number of women who have become involved and were living as common-law wives or cohabitating with Chinese in the Chinatowns of our various cities''.
Joseph Fiorenza was born in Beaumont, Texas, the second of four sons of Anthony and Grace (née Galiano) Fiorenza. His father immigrated from Sicily at age 10, while his mother was the daughter of Sicilian immigrants. He attended St. Anthony High School in Beaumont, where he was football team captain and senior class president. He skipped a grade and graduated from high school at age 16 in 1947. He then studied at St. Mary's Seminary in La Porte.
Moore was educated at Dulwich College, and Trinity College, Cambridge, where he read Classics and Moral Sciences. He became a Fellow of Trinity in 1898, and went on to hold the University of Cambridge chair of mental philosophy and logic, from 1925 to 1939. He was the brother of the writer and engraver Thomas Sturge Moore.
Gavin Butt works in the intersection between art history, performance theory and queer theory, and has become an important figure in contemporary art history and queer theory. He received his PhD from the University of Leeds in 1998 with the dissertation Men on the Threshold: The Making and Unmaking of the Sexual Subject in American Art 1948-1965, later revised and published in 2005 under the title Between You and Me: Queer Disclosures in the New York Art World 1948-1963 by Duke University Press. In 2004 Butt edited the much praised anthology After Criticism - New Approaches to Art and Performance. Here, as in his more recent work on cultural seriousness, he argues for the importance of the paradoxical: criticism that works against the doxa of received wisdom. Butt has written extensively on artists such as Andy Warhol, Larry Rivers, Joe Brainard, Jasper Johns, as well as performance artists such as Kiki and Herb, Oreet Ashery, and David Hoyle. He is currently working on a project entitled Are You Serious? Flirtatious Acts in Contemporary Art and Performance.
He has had a minor career in modelling and starred in the American reality television dating show Age of Love. He is nicknamed 'the Scud', after the Scud missile. He was educated at Maribyrnong College.
Now aging and ailing, one-time celebrated author Leonard Schiller has been forgotten by his readers, literary colleagues, and critics during the decade he has struggled to complete what he knows will be his final novel. When brash, ambitious Brown University graduate student Heather Wolfe approaches him with a request for access to his thoughts and recollections for the Master's thesis she hopes will reintroduce the public to his work, he initially refuses to cooperate. But the young woman is relentless, and he finally agrees to weekly meetings in which he slowly begins to open up to her as he reluctantly recalls his past.
Christopher Douglas Estes (born June 8, 1971) is a former King Diamond bass player (1994-1999). Originally from Dodge City, Kansas, Chris moved to Denton Texas in 1991 to attend the University of North Texas as a Jazz Studies major. During his time at UNT he met Darrin Anthony Stull and joined his unsigned Dallas band Mindstorm. During the next three years Mindstorm played the Dallas club scene and eventually caught the attention of Danish singer King Diamond (Kim Bendix Peterson), who had recently moved to the DFW area and was looking for new members for his solo act. In early 1994 three members of Mindstorm (Estes, Darrin (Anthony) Stull, and Herb Simonsen) were officially asked to join King Diamond. During his tenure with King Diamond, Chris recorded three albums and took part in three tours, in addition earning writing credits on the album Voodoo. Returning to college in 1997 and attending classes between studio sessions and tour, Chris eventually earned a degree in Computer Science. In the summer of 1999, Chris received word that the studio session for House of God had been postponed. Burdened by immediate financial needs, Chris reluctantly resigned his position in King Diamond. Chris currently lives and works in Richardson Texas as a computer programmer. Chris continues to write and perform music as a hobby in his free time.
Michelle Featherstone is a British American singer-songwriter. Born in Chester, England, and raised in Cambridge, England, Featherstone now resides in Hollywood, California. She began studying piano and composing original music at the age of nine. She has received awards from the Royal Academy of Music for piano and violin and the Bishops Award for voice.
Professor Erik Borgman (born 1957, Amsterdam) (sometimes listed as Eric Borgman) is a Dutch professor of systematic theology at the University of Tilburg, the Netherlands. At the Radboud University Nijmegen, the Netherlands, he was the Director of the Heyendaal Institute, an institute for interdisciplinary research. He is the biographer of the Flemish theologian Edward Schillebeeckx. He was also the President of the International Society for Religion, Literature and Culture. He is a member of the Editorial Board and the Presidential Board of Concilium: International Journal for Theology and also an editor of the Dutch Tijdschrift voor Theologie.
Susan Marshall was born in Utah, but during primary school she lived in Eugene, Oregon, Whittier, California and later Albuquerque, New Mexico. In 1977, she became the youngest member in the Albuquerque Civic Light Opera's production of Oklahoma. Just before high school, her family moved to Memphis, Tennessee and she attended Germantown High School, which her father and mother picked for their outstanding arts department.
Kevan David James (born 18 March 1961, Lambeth, London) was educated at the Edmonton County School, in the London Borough of Enfield.
Susanna Roxman (Pia) Susanna (Ellinor) Roxman is an Anglophone writer, poet and critic born in Stockholm; her father's family is Scottish. She was considered a gifted child. Her first few books were written in Swedish, but she switched over to English as her professional language. After having worked for some years as a secretary, a ballet teacher, and a fashion model, Roxman studied at Stockholm University, King's College at London University, Lund University, and Gothenburg University, where she got a Ph.D. in Comparative Literature.1996-2005 she headed the Centre of Classical Mythology at Lund University. She has had several collections of poetry published, as well as literary criticism. Her poems have also appeared in literary magazines world-wide. Some of these pieces have been translated into Arabic and Persian. Roxman has taken part in many poetry readings, notably at the Edinburgh Festival in 2006, 2009, and 2010. Her Anglophone poetry collections (see below) were displayed at the Edinburgh International Book Festival (2006, 2009, 2010), the Beijing International Book Fair (2007), and the Book Expo, Los Angeles (2008).
Born in Framingham, Massachusetts to Dexter Esty, Esty attended the local academies of Framingham and Leicester. His brother was architect Alexander Rice Esty. He was graduated from Yale College in 1845 where he was a member of Skull and Bones. He studied law. He was admitted to the bar and commenced practice in Framingham, Massachusetts, in 1847. He served in the State senate in 1857 and 1858. He served as member of the State house of representatives in 1867. He was appointed assessor of internal revenue by President Lincoln in 1862 and served until he was removed for political reasons by President Johnson in 1866. Reappointed by him in 1867. He resigned in 1872.
Sigrid Nunez is the daughter of a Chinese-Panamanian father and a German mother. She was born and raised in New York City. She received her BA from Barnard College and her MFA from Columbia University. After finishing school she worked for a time as an editorial assistant at The New York Review of Books. She has taught at Amherst College, Smith College, Columbia University and the New School, and has been a visiting writer at Baruch College, Washington University, and the University of California, Irvine, among others. She has also been on the faculty of the Bread Loaf Writers' Conference and of several other writers' conferences across the United States. In fall 2011 she will teach a course in the Creative Writing Program at Boston University. Nunez lives in New York City.
Lionel Basney (December 2, 1946 -- August 21, 1999) was a poet and professor of English at Calvin College in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Prior to his time at Calvin, Basney taught at Houghton College, where his father also taught before him. Basney was interested in Samuel Johnson, William Shakespeare, and Ned Ludd and the origins of the Luddite movement. He was the author of An Earth-Careful Way of Life: Christian Stewardship and the Environmental Crisis. Wendell Berry's Life is a Miracle: An Essay Against Modern Superstition is dedicated to Basney.
Heymeric de Campo (1395--1460) was a Dutch theologian and scholastic philosopher. He was a prominent Albertist, and forerunner of Nicholas of Cusa. He studied at the University of Paris, and taught at Cologne (where Nicholas studied under him), and Leuven.
John Wedgwood was the elder son of the Hon. Josiah Wedgwood by his wife the former Dorothy Mary Winser. He was educated at Abbotsholme School and then at Trinity College, Cambridge before going onto Guy's Hospital. He studied surgery but was wounded during the Second World War which left him unable to stand for long periods of time and therefore unable to practice surgery. He switched to general medicine initially specialising in cardiology before becoming interesting in geriatric and disability medicine. In 1987 he was appointed CBE for his work.
Ian Clark was raised in Disley, Cheshire. He was educated at Poynton High School, Cheshire, and later went on to study Fine Art at Manchester Metropolitan University and Graphic Design and Animation at Staffordshire University. It was at University that he started to develop an interest in film making.
Kirkpatrick's paternal uncle, John Killgore, a physician, was a co-founder with Dr. Charles Russell Reynolds (1858--1919), of Minden Medical Center in Minden, the seat of Webster Parish to the west of Lisbon. Her maternal aunt, Eloise Melton Starr (1901--1978), was a long-time educator in the Webster Parish public schools. Lloyd C. Starr (1899--1982), Eloise's husband and Kirkpatrick's uncle by marriage, was a former educator who served on the Webster Parish School Board after he embarked on a second career as an investments salesman in Minden. Dr. Reynolds' daughter, Sadie Elouise Reynolds (1903--1997), was another prominent Webster Parish educator and a specialist in Louisiana history. On August 21, 1938, Edith Killgore married Claude Kirkpatrick, whom she had met as a fellow student at Louisiana College in Pineville in Rapides Parish in Central Louisiana. She graduated as valedictorian in their common 1938 class. The Kirkpatricks had four children: Claude Kent (1942--1945), Thomas Killgore (1944--2009), Edith Kay (born 1946), and Charles Kris (born 1948). In 1957, the Kirkpatricks were named the first ``All-American Family'' of Louisiana as a result of a search conducted by The Book of Knowledge, the Boys Clubs, and a panel of representatives from service and civic organizations. Sandra Futrell Kirkpatrick, widow of Thomas Killgore Kirkpatrick, is the daughter of the late P. Elmo Futrell, Jr., the mayor of Pineville during the early 1960s.
John Cody was born in St. Louis, Missouri, to Thomas Joseph and Mary (née Begley) Cody. His father was an Irish immigrant who became deputy chief of the St Louis Fire Department. After attending Holy Rosary Parochial School, he entered St. Louis Preparatory Seminary at age 13. He remained at St. Louis until 1926, when he was sent to continue his studies at the Pontifical North American College in Rome. He earned a Doctor of Philosophy degree (1928) and a Doctor of Sacred Theology (1932) from the College of the Propaganda.
Katherine R. Whitmore (née Katherine Prue Reding) (Kansas, 1897-1982) was a Spanish literature professor at Smith College. She majored in Spanish language and literature at the University of Kansas, and received her doctorate from Berkeley. She taught at a college in Richmond and, from 1930 on, at Smith College. She married Brewer Whitmore, another professor at Smith, in 1939.
Leo Joachim Frachtenberg (1883--1930) was an anthropologist who studied the Native American languages. He received his PhD from Columbia University in 1910 under Franz Boas on the Coosan language of Oregon. Other languages he worked on included Chimakuan, Shasta. Like Boas and his contemporary Edward Sapir, he was Jewish. Frachtenberg helped Franz Boas to produce the Bureau of American Ethnology Handbook of American Indian Languages, BAE Bulletin 40, and also wrote ``Alsea Texts and Myths'', BAE Bulletin 67.
Vávrová was born in Prague, Czechoslovakia and played her first main film role in Ať žijí duchové! (English: Long Live the Ghosts!) in 1976, having played a minor role in Jak se točí Rozmarýny. In 1979 she played a minor role in the television mini-series Arabela. In 1982, she played the main role as Janina David in the German television mini-series Ein Stück Himmel, and was awarded the Goldene Kamera, the Goldener Gong, and an Adolf Grimme Award. In this mini-series, Joseph Vilsmaier was one of the cinematographers. Parallel to her acting, she attended the Prague Conservatory from 1981 to 1985. After some further roles including the films Amadeus and Pan Tau, she played the main role of Anna Wimschneider in Herbstmilch (English: Autumn Milk) under the directorship of Joseph Vilsmaier, whom she had married in 1986. Together with Werner Stocker, she won the Bayerischer Filmpreis and the Deutscher Filmpreis for this role.
Upon graduation from Detroit's Northwestern High School, Albert Cleage had a peripatetic post-secondary education. He attended Wayne State University beginning in 1929, finally graduating in 1942 with his BA in sociology, but he also studied at Fisk University under Sociologist Charles S. Johnson. He worked as a social worker for the Detroit Department of Health before commencing seminary studies at Oberlin College in 1938, finally earning his Masters of Divinity from Oberlin Graduate School of Theology in 1943. He married Doris Graham in 1943 and he was ordained in the Congregational Church during the same year. He had two daughters and later divorced Graham in 1955. Cleage's final encounter with formal education was at the University of Southern California's film school in the 1950s. He was interested in creating religious films, but withdrew after a semester to take a position in a San Francisco congregation..
David Shaw Nicholls (born February 27, 1959 in Bellshill, Scotland) is a Scottish architect and designer based in New York. Nicholls is known for his modern area rugs and textile designs. Nicholls studied art, architecture and design at Edinburgh College of Art (Edinburgh, Scotland) and Domus Academy (Milan, Italy), before starting his own textile design firm in New York City.
Ned Vaughn (born November 20, 1964) is an American actor known for his television work. He attended Lee High School in Huntsville, AL and Birmingham-Southern College.
At Hofmann's summer school, he met fellow student Virginia Admiral, whom he married in 1942. The couple moved into a large, airy loft in New York's Greenwich Village, where they were able to paint. They surrounded themselves with an illustrious circle of friends, including writers Anaïs Nin and Henry Miller, playwright Tennessee Williams, and the actress and famous Berlin dancer Valeska Gert. Admiral and De Niro separated shortly after their son, Robert De Niro, Jr., was born in August 1943. De Niro attended Black Mountain College in the 1950s. Being a self-proclaimed perfectionist, De Niro painted and repainted his canvases again and again. He would do hundreds of studies before he decided to paint the subject.
There is dispute as to his education. According to Hermann Hamelmann, he received his schooling at Deventer, in the school of Thomas a Kempis, together with Rodolphus Agricola, Alexander Hegius, Anton Liber of Soest, Count Maurice von Spielenberg, and Ludwig Dringenberg. However, the Catholic Encyclopedia disputes this. In 1456 he entered the University of Erfurt, and received the degree of B.A. in 1459, and M.A. in 1460. But before this he was made Canon of the cathedral of Munster, and provost of the old cathedral in 1462. He went to Rome in 1466 in connection with the election of a bishop. At Munster he was the centre of literary life, as well as of humanistic efforts. He was surrounded by a group of men of similar tastes. He possessed a good classical library, which he placed at the disposal of others. Hermann von dem Busche, later to become a prominent humanist, was one of his pupils, to whom he imparted a love of classical literature. In 1500, he reformed the cathedral school of Munster into a humanistic institution, patterned after the one at Deventer. The course of instruction was changed, and other masters were called. The school was also indebted to the subrector, Johannes Murmellius, a leading Dutch humanist, and its flourishing condition and widespread influence, which reached to Schleswig and Pomerania, drew numerous scholars. He died in Munster. The inscription on Langen's tomb there lauds him as the patron of scholars and the friend of the poor.
Arthur Schneider grew up in New York, and attended Brighton High School in Brighton, Monroe County, New Yorkhttp://books.google.com/books? id=E8CA1I9l5QQC&pg=PA12&lpg=PA12&dq=arthur+Schneider+rochester&source=bl&ots=kIP7D8lrEC&sig=FTTJN31S3YbXsvUxvM2gp8XaPCo&hl=en&ei=uOspTLHKIMKC8gaytZTSCA&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=3&ved=0CBoQ6AEwAg#v=onepage&q&f=false and Wentworth Military Academy in Lexington, Missouri. In 1948, he entered the University of Southern California, where he majored in Cinema. His television career began in 1951 at the NBC studios in Hollywood where he spent more than 17 years as a motion picture film and videotape editor.
Harry J. Tindell (born October 30, 1960) is a Tennessee politician and a member of the Tennessee House of Representatives for the 13th district, which encompasses part of Knox County. He has served as a state representative since the 97th General Assembly and was most recently re-elected as a member of the Democratic Party. He is the Chair of the House Budget Subcommittee and is a member of the House State and Local Government Committee, the House Local Government Subcommittee, the House State Government Subcommittee, the Joint Pensions and Insurance Committee, the Joint Lottery Oversight Committee, the Joint Tennessee Education Lottery Corp. Committee, and the House Finance, Ways and Means Committee. Harry Tindell graduated from Fulton High School and possesses a Bachelor of Science degree in business from the University of Tennessee at Knoxville.
S. K. Singh was a Professor of Mathematics from University of Missouri - Kansas City. He received his Ph.D. on the Entire and Meromorphic functions from Aligarh Muslim University in 1953, his advisor was S. M. Shah. Singh was one of the founder fathers and Head of the Department of Mathematics, Karnataka University, Dharwar .
The firm traces its founding back to 1836, when Benjamin Franklin Butler moved his practice from Albany to New York City. The firm, then called Joline, Larkin & Rathbone helped reorganize numerous railroads, including the Metropolitan Street Railway and the New York City Railway after they declared bankruptcy in the early 1900s. It also played a role in the restructuring of the Westinghouse Electric & Manufacturing Company in 1908, St. Louis & San Francisco Railroad in 1913, Maxwell Motor Company, Inc. in 1913 and 1921, American Writing Paper Company in 1926 and 1927, Detroit United Railway in 1928 and 1929, International Mercantile Marine Company in 1929, and the Oklahoma Natural Gas Corporation in 1933. In 1921, Nicholas Kelley, son of Florence Kelley , a graduate of Harvard College and Harvard Law School joined the firm from the Treasury Department, having previously been an associate at Cravath, Swaine & Moore. In 1943, Kelley's name was added to the letterhead. Kelley Drye incorporated Chrysler as a Delaware corporation in 1925, and advised that company through World War Two and onto post-war acquisitions. In 1947, Kelley Drye lawyers assisted the US government draft the Taft-Hartley Act, a major piece of collective bargaining (labor union) legislation.
Clifford began writing poetry at fourteen. His first collection, Man in a Window (1965), was the first volume published by Canadian literary publisher, Coach House Press. As a student at the University of Toronto (BA 1967), he shared the E.J.Pratt Prize with Michael Ondaatje. He attended the University of Iowa's International Writers' Workshop (MA 1969, MFA 1969), where he worked with Harry Duncan of Cummington Press, and founded Living Series, which published work by colleagues as broadsheets and chapbooks (Michael Lally and Ray DiPalma, among others). Although he was invited as a delegate to the founding conference of the League of Canadian Poets, and helped organize the Kingston's Writers' Association, the Kingston branch of Canadian Artists' Representation, and The Monday Night Boys, Clifford has never allied himself with a school, group or faction. His work demonstrates this independence, moving between elegant, dense and often highly musical freer compositions to an unfashionable but exquisitely made formalism. Clifford has published in a broad range of journals, from The Canadian Forum, Queen's Quarterly and ARC to avant-garde magazines like bill bisset's Blewointment, bpNichols's ganglia, and Sheila Watson's Pelican.
Masood is a renowned military scientist and an engineer who has played a major role in the engineering projects of Pakistan Army. Talat Masood joined Pakistan Army in 1951 and two years later, he was inducted into the Corps of Engineers where he received his B.Sc. (Hons). in mechanical engineering with the distinctions from Army College of Electrical and Mechanical Engineering. He remained associated with civil projects constructed by the Pakistan Army Corps of Engineers. He then attended the National Defence University, Islamabad and completed his Master's degree in Strategic studies in 1957. He then started his engineering career from DESTO where he led several military projects. He was a project manager of the Armoured personnel carrier project, designed for the Pakistan Army. He remained associated with Pakistan Army's military project until he retired from the army. Talat participated in 1965 Indo-Pak War and the 1971 Winter war, where he had briefly served in the Indo-Pak front. After the 1971 war, Talat Masood was given transferred to Defence Science and Technology Organization (DESTO) where he was incharge of weapon development projects. In 1974, Talat was transferred to Pakistan Ordnance Factories where he was one of the noted military scientists who were involved in Pakistan's nuclear weapons program.
Chen's first wife was Sun Jialin (孙加林), whom he met while working at the Beijing Film Factory, between 1975 and 1978; they married in 1983. Sun is a graduate of the Beijing University of Civil Engineering and Architecture(北京建筑工程学院). She obtained a Ph.D in engineering in Canada. Sun was name Scientist of the Year in 2002 at Dupont. She now works in Shanghai for a large US private company. He later married Hong Huang (洪晃), the daughter of Zhang Hanzhi. Zhang was a diplomat who had worked as an English translator for Mao Zedong. She graduated from Vassar College in New York and is the current, CEO of China Interactive Media Group. In the early 1990s, after their divorce, Chen lived with Ni Ping, a female television hostess. In 1996, Chen married actress Chen Hong.
Thomas Guthrie Marquis (1864-1936) was a Canadian author, born at Chatham, New Brunswick, and educated at Queen's University, Kingston, where he graduated in 1889. He became a teacher, but he retired in 1901 to devote himself to literature. He was editorial writer of the Ottawa Free Press (1905) and office editor of Canada and Its Provinces (1914-15), a publication in 22 volumes on the history of Canada. His publications include:
Robert Cook was born in Sheffield on 4 July 1909, the son of a clergyman, and educated at Marlborough College and Clare College, Cambridge where he graduated with a double first in Classics. After pre-war lecturing positions at the University of Manchester and wartime service in the Civil Service, in 1946 Cook took up the position of Laurence reader in classical archaeology at Cambridge University, which he held until his elevation in 1962 to the Laurence chair where he remained until his formal retirement in 1976. Cook published extensively during his career; his Greek Painted Pottery (1962) remains a standard textbook for students of the subject.
Barry Dean Karl (July 23, 1927-July 7, 2010) was born in Louisville, Kentucky, the second of the three sons of Anne Simons Karl and Aaron Karl. He was educated in the public schools of Louisville. He received a bachelor's degree from the University of Louisville in 1949, a master's from the University of Chicago in 1951, and a Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1961. He was the associate editor in the Humanities and History at the University of Chicago Press (1951--53). At Harvard, he was the executive secretary to the Committee on General Education (1959--1961) and senior tutor at Eliot House (1961--62). He was professor of History at Washington University in St. Louis (1962--68), professor of History at Brown University (1968--71) and the University of Chicago (1970--1996) where he held the Norman and Edna Freehling Chair in History and the Social Sciences. He chaired the Department of History from 1976 to 1979. At the University of Chicago he chaired the Faculty Committee of the Benton Program for Fellowships in Broadcast Journalism in Broadcast Journalism (1982--86) and the Committee to Plan the University's Centennial. From 1982 to 1988, he served as special advisor to President Hanna Gray.
The fourth generation of his family to become a clergyman, John Neill was educated in Dublin at the Avoca School and at Sandford Park. He attended the University of Dublin (Trinity College), Jesus College and Ridley Hall, Cambridge. He became a deacon in 1969, a priest in 1970, and a bishop in 1986.
Tad Friend's father, Theodore Friend, was president of Swarthmore College. Tad Friend is a graduate of The Shipley School, and Harvard College. He is married to Amanda Hesser, a food correspondent for the New York Times, and they live in Brooklyn Heights with their two children.
Larry Robinson (born , in Bossier City, Louisiana) is an American professional basketball player, 6'5`` tall, at the shooting guard position, formerly in the NBA. He played collegiately 2 seasons (1986/87-1987/88) at Eastern Oklahoma State College (community college) and then 2 seasons (1988/89-1989/90) at the Centenary College of Louisiana. Afterwards he played professionally with eight different NBA teams (Washington Bullets, Golden State Warriors, Boston Celtics, Houston Rockets, Vancouver Grizzlies, Atlanta Hawks, Cleveland Cavaliers, and New York Knicks) intermittently from 1990/01 to 2001/02, having not been drafted but beginning in 1990/91 as free agent. He also played in CBA, IBL, USBL, and abroad in Europe (France, Spain), the Philippines, Venezuela and Puerto Rico.
Tom Sito has lectured about animation around the world and has taught animation and animation history at UCLA Film School, The American Film Institute, Woodbury College, Santa Monica College. He is currently an instructor at the USC School of Cinematic Arts.
Didier de Chaffoy de Courcelles went to highschool at the Broeders van Liefde in Turnhout. He obtained a Bachelor of Science degree in chemistry from the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven (Leuven, Belgium). He obtained a Master of Science and a PhD of Science (D.Sc.) , as well as an accreditation for teaching and research at academic institutions (G.U.O., venia legendi), from the University of Antwerp (Antwerp, Belgium).
Kostis Gontikas or Gondikas (Greek: Κωστής Γόντικας, b. 1934 in Athens, Greece) is a Greek politician. He was born in 1934 in Athens and was the son of Dimitrios Gontikas, a politician and president of the Greek parliament. He later studied at the Athens College and law at the University of Athens. He continued his studies at the University of Luxembourg. He was elected in 1974 and 1978 as MP of the Ilia Prefecture, later joining the New Democracy Party.
Andrew Harman studied biochemistry at the University of York, being a member of Wentworth College.
Mary Stallings was born in San Francisco, one of the eldest of 11 children in the Stallings family; saxophonist Ron Stallings is her first cousin. She grew up in the Laurel Heights district, where she still lives, and started as a gospel singer at the First AME Church. Her professional singing career began before she graduated from Lowell High School. Encouraged by her uncle, saxophonist Orlando Stallings, she listened closely to the great jazz singers. As a teenager, Stallings was appearing in Bay Area night clubs (Hungry i, The Purple Onion, El Matador), performing with such luminaries as Ben Webster, Cal Tjader, Earl Hines, Red Mitchell, Teddy Edwards, and the Montgomery brothers (Wes, Monk, and Buddy). Before graduation from high school she joined R&B pioneer Louis Jordan's Tympani Five. One night in the early 1960's, at San Francisco's Black Hawk nightclub, Dizzy Gillespie invited Ms. Stallings out of the audience and onto his bandstand to sing. She wound up playing the legendary Monterey Jazz Festival together with Gillespie at age 26 in 1965, and several West Coast gigs.
Dr. John R. Harvey graduated from the University of Houston's Creative Writing Program in 1997. His poems have appeared in a variety of journals including The Gettysburg Review, Gulf Coast, The Paris Review, Poet Lore and most recently NAP Magazine and 2River View. One of the founding members of Mildred's Umbrella Theater Company, Dr. Harvey has written and directed several plays with the company and currently serves as a board member of the company.
Arvid Posse was born at Rosendal manor in Malmöhus County, as the son of Governor Count Fredrik Posse and Baroness Magdalena Charlotta Bennet. In 1835 he enrolled at Lund University, receiving a law degree in 1840. The same year, he began as a trainee at the Court of Appeal of Skåne and Blekinge (Hovrätten över Skåne och Blekinge), during which time he worked both at district courts and at the Court of Appeal itself. Later, he was appointed Assistant District Judge (vice häradshövding) and in 1846 a clerk at the Court of Appeal, and in 1847 was made an Associate Justice at the Court. In 1849 Posse left public service and resettled at Charlottenlund Manor and devoted his time to agriculture, enterprise and local politics (being, e.g., 1865-68 the President of Malmöhus County Council).
John Garrett Bussell was born at Portsea, Hampshire in England on 16 August 1803. He was educated at Winchester College in England, but after the death of his father the family decided to emigrate to Western Australia. John Bussell and three of his brothers sailed for Western Australia on board the Warrior late in 1829, with the rest of the Bussell family to follow once the brothers were established.
George Newman was educated at Sidcot School in North Somerset (1881--1885) and then at the Quaker Bootham School in York (1885--1887). He studied medicine at the University of Edinburgh and then King's College London before gaining his MD (winning the gold medal) and then becoming a demonstrator in bacteriology and lecturer in infectious diseases at King's. In 1900 he became Medical Officer to the Borough of Finsbury in inner London and rural county of Bedfordshire in England. His experiences in these posts led him to publish Infant Mortality: a Social Problem in 1906. This has remained a medical classic, pointing out the unchanged infant mortality rate over the preceding 50 years, and identifying the causes and areas potentially open to intervention. In 1907 he became the Chief Medical Officer to the Board of Education, and in 1919 he also was appointed as Chief Medical Officer to the Ministry of Health. The annual reports he wrote for both these posts were widely acclaimed as important and influential
Xavier Mertz was born in Basel, the son of Emile Mertz, who owned a large engineering firm in the city. With the aim of working in the family business, which manufactured textile machinery, Mertz attended the University of Bern, where he studied patent law. While in Bern, he became active as a mountaineer and skier. Mertz competed in several national competitions; in 1906 he was third in the Swiss cross-country skiing championship, and second in the German championship. In 1908, he won the Swiss ski jumping championship, with a distance of . As a mountaineer, he was particularly prolific in the Alps; he climbed Mont Blanc--the highest peak in the range--and claimed several first ascents of other mountains. After he attained his degree of Doctor of Laws from the University of Bern, Mertz studied science at the University of Lausanne; he specialised in glacier and mountain formations, for which he received his second doctorate.
Almon Heath Read was born in Shelburne, Vermont. He graduated from Williams College in Williamstown, Massachusetts, in 1811. He served as county clerk from 1815 to 1820. Read studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1816 and commenced practice in Montrose, Pennsylvania. He was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from 1827 to 1832. He served in the Pennsylvania State Senate from 1833 to 1837, and was State treasurer in 1840.
Egon Bittner (April 16, 1921 -- May 7, 2011) was born in Czechoslovakia and emigrated to the United States after World War II. He received his Ph.D. in sociology from the University of California at Los Angeles. He held the Harry Coplan Professorship in the Social Sciences and was chair of the sociology department at Brandeis University. He is known for his ground breaking studies of the relationships between police and society.
Polly Bukta (born April 3, 1937) is the Iowa State Representative from the 26th District and is the Speaker Pro Tempore. She has served in the Iowa House of Representatives since 1997. She received her BS from Mercyhurst University.
Bonnie Honig is a political and legal theorist specialized in democratic and feminist theory. She is Sarah Rebecca Roland Professor of Political Science at Northwestern University and Senior Research Professor at the American Bar Foundation. She received her PhD from Johns Hopkins University and her undergraduate degree from Concordia University in Montreal.
James Logan Jones Jr. was born in Kansas City, Missouri. He is the son of James L. Jones, Sr., a decorated Marine in World War II who was an officer in the Observer Group and the commanding officer of its successor, the Amphibious Reconnaissance Battalion. Having spent his formative years in France, where he attended the American School of Paris, he returned to the United States to attend the Georgetown University Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service, from which he received a Bachelor of Science degree in 1966. Jones, who is six feet four inches (1.93 m) tall, played forward on the Georgetown Hoyas men's basketball team.
Salikoko Mufwene is a linguist born in Mbaya-Lareme in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. He is the Frank J. McLoraine Distinguished Service Professor of linguistics at the University of Chicago. He has worked extensively on the development of creole languages, as well as on African American Vernacular English. He received his Ph.D. in linguistics from the University of Chicago in 1979.
Sir John Graham Kerr (18 September 1869 -- 21 April 1957) was a Scottish embryologist and Unionist Member of Parliament (MP).   He is best known for his studies of the embryology of lungfishes.Born in Hertfordshire to Scottish parents, Kerr was educated at the Royal High School, Edinburgh, and at the University of Edinburgh, but interrupted his medical studies to join an Argentinian expedition to study the natural history of the Pilcomayo River. On his return, he studied natural sciences at Christ's College, Cambridge, graduating with first class honours in 1896. The Argentinian expedition had ended with the loss of most of the collections, but after graduating he mounted an expedition to the Gran Chaco, bringing home a large collection of material related to the South American lungfish, Lepidosiren paradoxa.After a spell at Christ's College, Cambridge, he was appointed in 1902 as Regius Professor of Natural History in the University of Glasgow (the post was renamed the following year as Regius Professor of Zoology).
John Weir Foote was born in Madoc in eastern Ontario on May 5, 1904. He was educated at the University of Western Ontario in London, at Queen's University in Kingston and at Presbyterian College and McGill University in Montreal. He entered the Presbyterian ministry in 1934, serving congregations in Fort-Coulonge, Quebec, and Port Hope, Ontario.
Kwek Leng Beng is a member of the Board of Trustees of the Singapore Management University. He also holds an honorary doctorate (DUniv) from Oxford Brookes University.
Ann Packer was an English major at Yale University, but only began writing fiction during her senior year. She moved to New York after college and took a job writing paperback cover copy at Ballantine Books. She attended the Iowa Writers' Workshop from 1986 to 1988, selling her first short story to The New Yorker a few weeks before receiving her M.F.A. degree.
Born in Midnight, Mississippi, December 10, 1950, George Cartwright is most notably known as the founder of the band Curlew in 1979 in New York City. Besides playing soprano, alto and tenor saxophones he has composed music for Curlew, his own solo recordings and other music ensembles such as Zeitgiest. He attended the Creative Music Studio in Woodstock, New York and currently resides Minnesota.
John William King (October 10, 1918 -- August 9, 1996) was an American lawyer, jurist, and Democratic politician from Manchester, New Hampshire. He received his law degree from Columbia Law School in 1943. He practiced law in Manchester and served in the New Hampshire House of Representatives. After his three terms as Governor of New Hampshire, he served on the New Hampshire Supreme Court from 1979, and as its Chief Justice from 1981 until 1986.
Hahn studied at Wichita State University, then moved to San Francisco in 1962, where he played with John Handy (1964-66). He toured with The 5th Dimension in 1968 and worked with Gary Burton in 1968-69. In addition to recording his own album in 1967, he led a country-blues-jazz-rock ensemble, the Jerry Hahn Brotherhood in 1970. Later in the decade he became a teacher at Wichita State University, and did less active performing until 1986, when he moved to Portland, Oregon. There he played locally and taught at Portland State University. The latest edition of the Jerry Hahn Method For Jazz Guitar was published by Mel Bay Publications in 2003.
Nathaniel Micklem was born at Cookham, a village in Berkshire, the son of a solicitor. He was educated at Mill Hill School and New College, Oxford where he took a first in Jurisprudence in 1877. In 1880 Micklem was the only student gaining a first in British Civil Law. While at Oxford he was president of the Union in 1878 and rowed or coxed for New College for two years. He also studied at University College, London gaining BA and LL.B (Exhibition) degrees before being elected a Fellow there in 1881.
Sandila hails from Sangla Hills, Sheikhupura, Punjab Province where he completed his primary education from there. Thereafter, he studied in Cadet College Kohat where he gained high school diploma from there. In 1971, shortly after the 1971 Winter war, Sandila passed the university entrance exam and the officer exam from Sheikhupura. Sandila gained and received admission at the Pakistan Naval Academy in 1972 and entered in Business Administration Department at the Naval Academy. Sandila also attended the Britannia Royal Naval College at Dartmouth, United Kingdom where he certified as a surface warfare officer. In 1975, Sandila gained B.B.A. in Business Administration and again commissioned in the Naval Operations Branch as a Sub-Lieutenant in the Navy. Asif Sandila is the first Kohatian to have gained the top naval rank and first four star officer from Kohat. Lieutenant-General (Retd) Sabahat Hussain and Maj Gen (Retd) Haroon Sikander Pasha are other prominent Kohatians who rose to the rank of three and two-star ranks.
Ted Phillips is an American businessman and the President and CEO of the Chicago Bears and has been a part of the organization for 27 years now. He is currently only the fourth president of the 90 year old organization, the others being Michael McCaskey, George Halas, Jr., and ``Papa Bear'' George Halas. He is also the father of three sons, Matthew, Max, and Frank . Phillips was born in Oneida, New York and was raised in Nashua, New Hampshire . He graduated from The University of Notre Dame with an undergraduate degree in Business and Accounting. With this degree he worked for the accounting and consulting firm Ernst and Whinney (now known as Ernst & Young). He worked as an auditor and tax accountant with them from 1979-1983 before joining the Bears . Phillips is currently one of only two individuals in the NFL to serve on both the NFL Working Club Executive committee and the NFL Senior Club Executive committee, whose mission is to analyze both the financial and football operations aspects of the Collective Bargaining Agreement. The NFL salary cap system is widely regarded as the best overall financial system in professional sports .
Howardena Pindell is a graduate of the Philadelphia High School for Girls. She received her BFA from Boston University in 1965 and her MFA from Yale University in 1967. After graduating from Yale she became a curatorial assistant at the Museum of Modern Art (MOMA) in New York City and began to establish herself as an artist.
Bill Hayward studied at Loughborough University and was a member of the Loughborough Students RUFC.
James M. Fail (born March 28, 1926) is an American financial executive, the chairman of Stone Holdings, Inc. and Bluebonnet Savings Bank. A native of Mobile, Alabama, he attended Murphy High School and served for three years in the U.S. Navy. After graduating from the University of Alabama in 1949, he began his career as a securities salesman for Merrill Lynch. In the following decades, Fail and his holding companies have owned and operated a variety of investment, mortgage, banking, savings and loan, and insurance businesses throughout the U.S.
Wesley Burrowes was born and raised in Bangor, County Down in Northern Ireland. From a Protestant background, Burrowes was educated at the Royal Belfast Academical Institution, a Belfast grammar school commonly known as ``Inst''. He went on to study French and German at Queen's University Belfast, graduating in 1952.
Brian H. Hook received a bachelor's degree in Marketing from the University of St. Thomas, a master's degree in Philosophy from Boston College and, in 1999, a J.D. from the University of Iowa College of Law. Hook served as a legislative aide to Rep. Jim Leach (R--IA-2) in the early 1990s. While he was in law school, from 1996 to 1997, Hook was a deputy legislative liaison for Iowa Governor Terry E. Branstad.
He was born in Frankfort, Maine, the son of Henry Treat and the grandson of Col. Ezra Treat of Maine. He was descended from Robert Treat, who was the royal Governor of Connecticut from 1676-1708. He was educated in country schools, and taught in the Academy of Rockport, Maine to pay for his schooling. He graduated from Dartmouth College in 1863. Thereafter, he entered his father's West Indian shipping business.
Jim Mora was born in Christchurch, and began his broadcasting career on radio in Dunedin, where he had studied at the University of Otago. During his time at university, Mora had been editor of the university's newspaper, Critic.
He was born on August 29, 1792 in Litchfield, Connecticut to Benjamin Tallmadge. He graduated from Yale College in 1811. Then he studied law at Litchfield Law School, served as captain in the War of 1812, was admitted to the New York City Bar Association, and commenced practice in New York City in 1813.
In 1929, LaRondelle was born in the Netherlands into a Roman Catholic family. From the age of eight, he received education in Protestant schools. While a law student at Leyden University, at the age of nineteen, he read a book by Voorthuis, a Dutch Adventist minister. Later, he met this man and studied the Bible with him. In 1949, he came to believe the Seventh-day Adventist message by studying ``The Great Controversy'' by Adventist pioneer and visionary, Ellen G. White. He served in his Netherlands homeland as a pastor, evangelist, youth leader, and teacher for fourteen years. In 1960, on the encouragement of Adventist educator, Dr. W. G. C. Murdoch, he began studies at the Free University of Amsterdam. He studied for six years under Professor G.C. Berkouwer. At the same time he carried a full ministerial work load. In 1962, he was ordained while pastoring in the Netherlands. In 1966, he went to Detroit in America as a delegate from the Netherlands Union to the General Conference session. He enjoyed the sense of freedom in the United States and decided to continue his education at Andrews University. While he was a student at Andrews, a member of the staff, Dr. E. E. Heppenstall, was teaching the subject Righteousness by Faith to a class of 116 students. Heppenstall became ill and was unable to continue teaching the course. Some students asked the administration to have LaRondelle take over the instruction. In 1969, Andrews University sponsored his return to the Netherlands for further study. He studied again under his mentor and friend Professor G. C. Berkouwer at the Reformed Free University, Vrije Universiteit in Amsterdam. Two years later, in 1971, LaRondelle had completed the Doctor of Theology degree in Systematic Theology. He was a professor of Systematic Theology in the Theological Seminary at Andrews University, Berrien Springs, Michigan, U.S.A. from 1967 to 1991. He, along with Desmond Ford and Edward Heppenstall, was a major opponent of Robert Brinsmead's perfectionistic ``Sanctuary Awakening'' movement. LaRondelle was professor emeritus of theology at the Seventh-day Adventist Theological Seminary at Andrews University. He lived in Bradenton, Florida, where he died 7 March 2011 of thyroid cancer.
Giovanni Francesco Fara, the son of a solicitor, was born into one of the most illustrious families in Sassari. His early studies were done in Sardinia. He studied law and philosophy at Collegio di Spagna. He also attended the lectures of jurist Camillo Porzio. He collecting information for his writings in Pisa, Florence, Bologna and Rome. He was appointed Archpriest of the Cathedral of Sassari on December 6, 1568. He was appointed Bishop of Bosa in 1591. His large library was donated to the University of Cagliari.
Varban Stamatov was born 27 May 1924 in Veliko Turnovo, Bulgaria. He spent his childhood and youth in poverty in Varna and the surrounding villages. His mother, widowed young, was a teacher, who encouraged her children to read those ``eternal books'', essential as bread itself, literary works by authors such as Ivan Vazov, Dostoyevski, Jack London, Cervantes, Rabelais and Homer. As a student Varban spent hours in the local library studying ancient Greek, Latin, Russian and German which enabled him to support his family by helping other fellow students with their lessons. When he graduated from High School he was awarded a scholarship by the Ministry of Education. He was an excellent swimmer and won a local Varna championship for two consecutive years. He was in the final stages of World War II on the Fatherland Front as a war correspondent. After the war Varban Stamatov studied medicine and philosophy at Sofia University. He worked as a journalist, later as editor, writing for newspapers such as () ``Izgrev'', () ``Literary Front'',() ``Evening News'', () ``National Culture'', () magazine ``The Flame'', publishers ``Georgi Bakalov'' (Varna) and () ``Bulgarian Writer'' (Sofia). Subsequently he wrote numerous novels on marine themes. When he was not at sea, he mostly lived and worked in Sofia, within a circle of Bulgarian intellectuals, dramatists, film directors, theatre producers, artists, composers, conductors, poets, literary editors, critics and authors. His colleagues and friends included Bancho Banov, Georges Tutev, Mladen Isaev, Emil Manov, Valeri Petrov, Nikolai Popov, Ducho Mundrov, Leda Mileva, (daughter of poet Geo Milev), Dora Gabe, Pavel Vezhinov and Boris Aprilov. In Az-buki (1993) Georgi Tsankov comments on ``In the Fog'' as being ``a literary work with huge factual and philosophical value''. In ``Plamuk'' (1984) Bancho Banov says ``Varban Stamatov isn't one of the praised writers... (ibid.) more importantly, he's one of the read writers''. He was awarded a temporary home in Sopot, his author's mountain retreat at the foot of the majestic Balkan Mountains- Stara Planina. He shared this home with his third wife Fransi Kevork Bahchedzhian, pseudonym Sevda Sevan. Varban and Fransi spent 20 years together in Sofia and Ahtopol, near the Turkish border where they both wrote their best novels. He was a member of the Bulgarian Union of Writers . In his life he dreamt of escaping from the stifling city to venture out to the oceans, the eternal sway of waves, the vast expanse, the connection man makes with the eternal in himself. In his last novel he wrote: ``Each of us who has been on this earth is a tiny enigma frequently unspoken for various reasons and is just a one-way passenger who comes and goes seldom leaving some tangible trail. All of us in the final reckoning, no matter how vain, are merely dust for the wind, to be blown about whilst yet alive along with all our absurd passions, misapprehensions, intolerances, manias for achieving justice, fears, tom-foolery....'' He died in Sofia, Bulgaria in 1998.
Niko Bellic is voiced by Michael Hollick. Hollick was paid about $100,000 for his voice acting and motion-capture work over the course of about 15 months from 2006 to 2007. Hollick was paid about $1,050 a day for his work on the game, about 50% more than the standard Screen Actors Guild-negotiated rate for actors, although he claimed it was still a fraction of the income he would get from a film or TV-show performance, and that he was upset about not getting residuals from game sales, putting the blame on the union for not securing such agreements. Hollick told The New York Times that while he was a theater student at Carnegie Mellon University he developed a talent for dialects.
Hackett was born in Brooklyn, New York, New York, the son of a Jewish upholsterer. He grew up on 54th and 14th Ave in Borough Park, Brooklyn, across from Public School 103 (now a yeshiva). Living next door was a yet-to-be-famous aspiring baseball player named Sandy Koufax. He graduated from New Utrecht High School in 1942. While still a student, he began performing in nightclubs in the Catskills Borscht Belt resorts. He appeared first at the Golden Hotel in Hurleyville, New York, and he claimed he did not get one single laugh.
Sun Yeneng is Raffles Professor of Social Sciences and Professor of Mathematics at the National University of Singapore (NUS). Currently, he heads the Department of Economics at NUS. Sun received his B.S. from University of Science and Technology of China in 1983 and his M.S. and Ph.D from University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign respectively in 1985 and 1989.
Darius Hadley (born September 9, 1973) is a retired American football Defensive specialist/Wide receiver. He played college football at South Carolina State University.
Dov Markus (born in the USSR) was the first recipient of the Hermann Trophy as the outstanding collegiate soccer player of the year. Markus attended Long Island University where he played on the men's soccer team for three seasons from 1965 to 1967. In 1965, he scored 35 goals in 14 games for 70 points and a place in the NCAA record book. Over his three year career, he scored 79 goals in 49 games and won the 1967 Hermann Trophy. He was never named as a first team All American, garnering second team honors in 1967. In 2000, LIU inducted Markus into its Athletic Hall of Fame. After finishing his collegiate career, he played a single season (1968) with the New York Generals of the North American Soccer League.
Zaradachet Hajo, (or Zerdeşt Haco) (born 1950) is a Kurdish writer, linguist and researcher, born in Syria in 1950. He has studied linguistics, German and Iranian languages at the Free University of Berlin, and wrote his doctoral thesis on Indo-Iranian language studies. Since 1982, he has been teaching as the universities of Berlin, Bremen and Hamburg. He has been the president of the Kurdish chapter of the literary organization PEN since 1998.
Alexander Amini grew up in Yorktown Heights, New York and began to play tennis at the age of five, taught by his father. While living in New York, Amini attended Yorktown High School, where he took his first computer programming classes, learning to program in Java, and Microsoft Visual Basic. In his spare time, Alexander also taught himself many other languages including Python, C++, BASH, AWK, and sed.
Samer Takriti is a Syrian management scientist. He received his Ph.D. in Operations Research from the University of Michigan. An expert in energy markets, he worked for Enron in 1999-2000. He has also been a senior manager in the Mathematical Sciences Department at IBM Research. The initiatives of this department were reported on in a BusinessWeek cover story. The story has received substantial media coverage; another paper Takriti contributed to on the impact of outsourcing has also received some media attention.
Kerry Anthony Parker (born October 3, 1955 in New Orleans, Louisiana) was a football player in the CFL for seven years. Parker played defensive back for the British Columbia Lions and Toronto Argonauts from 1980-1987. Parker also played part of two seasons in the National Football League. He played college football at Grambling State University.
Sir David Stephens KCB CVO (25 April 1910 -- 3 April 1990) was a British public servant and Clerk of the Parliaments from 1963 to 1974. He was educated at Winchester College, Christ Church, Oxford and The Queen's College, Oxford.
Harry Gale Nye, Jr. (February 12, 1908 - September 11, 1987) was a Chicago-born American industrialist, entrepreneur, and world champion sailor. He graduated from the Berkshire School and joined the class of 1933 at Yale University where he was a member of the Society of Book and Snake. Nye, a descendant of the Yale family whose gift founded the University, left Yale prior to his graduation upon his father's death in order to return home to Chicago to become president of the Nye Tool and Machine Works. The Nye Tool had been the plaintiff in a patent infringement case heard by the United States Supreme Court in 1923.
Herb Bernstein was born and raised in Brooklyn, NY and was a star basketball player in high school and college. He attended Southern Methodist University on a basketball scholarship, then earned his B.S. and M.A. in Education at New York University. He briefly played professional basketball for the Milwaukee Bucks.
Barnett was born on the 28 June 1927 in Norbury, Surrey, the son of Douglas and Kathleen Barnett. He was educated at Trinity School of John Whitgift in Croydon and then Exeter College, Oxford where he gained a second class honours degree in Modern History with his special subject being Military History and the Theory of War, gaining an MA in 1954. Barnett later said: ``I can safely say there were only two books that I read at Oxford which strongly influenced my subsequent approach -- one part of the Special Subject, and the other something which a friend recommended to me. The first was Clausewitz's On War, which was part of a Special Subject on military history and the theory of war. The other was Lewis Mumford's Technics and Civilization -- if I read it again now I do not know what I would think of it, but certainly that was a starting point for my interest in looking at history in technological terms rather than in the constitutional/political terms prevalent at Oxford''.
Karen McCarthy Brown is professor emeritus of Sociology and Anthropology at Drew University4. She is well known within the fields of anthropology, religious studies, women's studies, and ethnic studies for challenging the social stigmas associated with Haitian Vodou through her authorship of the spiritual biography entitled Mama Lola: A Vodou Priestess in Brooklyn (originally published in 1991; revised, updated, and republished in 2001; a third edition, containing a new preface by Claudine Michel, was published in 2011). She earned a Bachelor of Arts from Smith College (1964), an M.A. from Columbia University (1966), and a Ph.D. from Temple University (19765. She received funding to begin researching and writing Mama Lola from the National Endowment for the Humanities in 19796. From her first meeting with Mama Lola in 1978 to the publication of her book in 1991, she would spend 12 years working on Mama Lola: A Vodou Priestess in Brooklyn (ix)
Adolf Wiklund (5 June 1879 in Långserud, Värmland -- 2 April 1950 in Stockholm) was a Swedish composer and conductor. His father was an organist and he graduated from Royal College of Music, Stockholm as an organist and music teacher. After that he studied piano in Sweden and then in Paris due to a fellowship. His debut as a piano soloist came in 1902 playing his own composition. After 1911 he primarily worked as a conductor; he conducted the Swedish Royal Orchestra from 1911 to 1924, was director for the Royal Swedish Opera in 1923 and served as principal conductor of the Stockholm Concert Society until 1938.
Judith Aller is an American violinist, the daughter of pianist Victor Aller. She was a student of violinist Jascha Heifetz at the University of Southern California. She was married first to a Finn, Ilkka Talvi, living in Helsinki and Pori, and later was married to author Bruce Alexander Cook.
Richard Lesh (or Dick Lesh as he is commonly known to colleagues and friends) is a professor of Learning Sciences, Cognitive Science, and Mathematics Education at Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana. He graduated from Indiana University in 1971 with a Ph.D. in Mathematics, Cognitive Psychology, and Statistics for Research in the Social Sciences. He is also a graduate of Hanover College where he received a B.A. in Mathematics and Physics.
Maria Rodriguez attended Loras College and went on to receive her degree in Economics from the University of Illinois at Chicago.
Evan Chambers (b 1963, Alexandria, Louisiana) is a composer, traditional Irish fiddler, and Professor of Composition at the University of Michigan. He received a Doctorate in music composition from the University of Michigan. His teachers include William Albright for whose Requiem he composed Lament, Leslie Bassett, Nicholas Thorne, and Marilyn Shrude, with studies in electronic music with George Wilson and Burton Beerman. He is a member of the Lindisfarne Association.
Dr. Hiram Harrison Lowry was born on May 29, 1843 in Zanesville, Ohio. He graduated from the Ohio Wesleyan University, and received the degrees of A.B., A.M. and D.D.. In 1862-63 Lowry served during the American Civil War in the ninety-seventh regiment of the Ohio Volunteer Infantry. In 1867 he was ordained to the ministry of the Methodist Episcopal Church and was sent out to China. On October 10, 1867, Dr. Lowry arrived with his wife in Foochow, where they labored till 1869. In 1869 he was sent to Peking, where the foundations of the work of the North China Mission was laid. In 1870 Dr. Lowry built up the first Methodist church in Northern China, the Asbury Church (today the Chongwenmen Church in Beijing), named after the American Methodist Bishop Francis Asbury. From 1873 to 1893, Dr. Lowry served as superintendent of North China Mission, and since 1914 president of Huiwen University (匯文大學), the precursor of Yenching University (燕京大学) and the modern-day Peking University. Dr. Lowry retired in 1922 and died in Peking on January 13, 1924.
Robert Munro was born in Dull, Perthshire in 1839, the son of Alexander M. Munro, a schoolmaster, and Margaret Stewart. He was educated at the University of St Andrews.
Professor M. Frederick Hawthorne (aka Fred Hawthorne) was born in 1928 in Fort Scott, Kansas and he received his elementary and secondary education in Kansas and Missouri. Prior to high school graduation, through examination he entered the Missouri School of Mines and Metallurgy, Rolla, Missouri as a chemical engineering student. He then transferred to Pomona College, Claremont, California and received a B.A. degree in chemistry. While there he conducted research with Corwin Hansch.
Dancy was born in Stoke-on-Trent, the son of British philosopher Jonathan Dancy, a professor at the University of Reading and at the University of Texas at Austin. His mother, Sarah, is a publisher. His brother, Jack, is a co-director of the travel company, Trufflepig Travel, and his sister, Kate, works for Save the Children. Dancy was educated at Dragon School in Oxford and Winchester College, then went on to study at St Peter's College, Oxford. At the age of 18, he acted in the Winchester College Players production of Twelfth Night which was performed in both Winchester and at the Minack Theatre in Cornwall.
Marvin John Jensen was a Rear Admiral in the United States Navy. A native of Sheboygan, Wisconsin, Jensen was born on July 8, 1908. He graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1931. During World War II he became the first officer to command the USS Puffer (SS-268). While in command he was awarded the Silver Star for his actions during the vessel's war patrol in the Makassar Strait-Celebes Sea area in September and October of 1943. He died on April 6, 1993.
Jeremy Deputat, also professionally known as JD, (born in 1976 in Detroit, Michigan) is an American photographer, art director and Wayne State University graduate.
Cousin of Matthew G. Colman, Caitlin Whoriskey (Born February 19, 1988 in Boston, Massachusetts) is an American professional tennis player. She played collegiately at the University of Tennessee, where she was a three-time All-American. She finished runner-up in doubles at the 2010 NCAA Women's Tennis Championship, playing with Natalie Pluskota. She recorded a victory in her first-ever ITF tournament as a professional, taking the doubles crown at the 2010 Mt. Pleasant Women's Pro Classic.
After leaving Vietnam in 1970, Williams used his GI Benefit and attended the Berklee College of Music. While a student he founded The Paumalu Symphony, now known as Kimotion. In 1976 he met his music partner and future wife Carol, a fellow Berklee student. After teaching at Berklee for one year, he graduated in 1976 with a BA in Composition.
John Butt was born in Solihull in the West Midlands, England, in 1960. He was educated at Solihull School on a music scholarship. In 1979 he began his undergraduate education at University of Cambridge, where he held the position of organ scholar at King's College. His organ teachers at Cambridge included the noted organists Peter Hurford and Gillian Weir. He received his Ph.D. at Cambridge in 1987. After graduation, he lectured at the University of Aberdeen and was a Fellow of Magdalene College Cambridge. In 1989, he became University Organist and Assistant Professor of Music at the University of California, Berkeley; he was promoted to Associate Professor in 1992. In 1997, he returned to Cambridge University as a University Lecturer and Fellow of King's College. Since October 2001 he has been the Gardiner Chair of Music at the University of Glasgow; he also served as Head of the Music Department from 2001 to 2005. Since 2003 he has been conductor of the Dunedin Consort (a professional vocal ensemble in Edinburgh, Scotland).
Rachael Kohn was born in Canada. Originally from Slovakia, her father and mother (from Bohemia) fled the Soviet occupation of Czechoslovakia to settle in Israel in 1949, moving to Canada in 1952. (Her father was a passenger on the ill fated Pentcho which left Bratislava in 1939 and was shiprwrecked in the Aegean Sea in 1940, after which the passengers were rescued by the Italians and eventually taken to the Ferramonti Di Tarsi internment camp in the Consenza Province, Italy.) Kohn was awarded a Diploma in Social Work from Ryerson Polytechnical Institute, then achieved an Hon.B.A. in Sociology and Religion at Concordia University in Montreal, Canada. Rachael then earned an M.A. (Rabbinic Thought and the New Testament) and a Ph.D. (Sociology and History of Religion) in Religious Studies from Canada's McMaster University. For both degrees she also studied Buddhism. She taught religious studies at McMaster University in Canada, at Lancaster University in England, where she was Leverhulme Post-Doctoral Fellow in Religious Studies. She also taught Religious Studies at the University of Waterloo in England, and then at the University of Sydney (1988-1992). Moving to Australia after marrying an Australian man, she then joined the Australian Broadcasting Corporation ABC in 1992.
Kyle Rankin went to school at the University of Maine in Orono where he founded the University's Film and Video Club. It was at the university that Rankin was star and co-producer of a soap opera on campus called ``DORM'', which was eventually released with the episodes compiled into one feature length film.
Gurdas Maan received an honorary degree of Doctor of Music from the University of Wolverhampton on 7 Sept 2010. Maan performed at the Royal Albert Hall for two nights in April 2011 as part of his UK tour. This was the first time Maan performed at the Royal Albert Hall, an opportunity that very few artists come across.
Egidius Junger was born in Burtscheid in Rhenish Prussia. He received his early education at the schools of his native city, and made his classical studies at the gymnasium of Aachen. In 1853, he entered the Catholic University of Leuven in Belgium. He was later ordained to the priesthood in Mechelen on June 27, 1862. He came to the United States as a missionary in October of that year, being stationed at Walla Walla, Washington. He became rector of St. James Cathedral in Vancouver in 1864.
Garland was born in London, England, the son of psychoanalyst Caroline (née Medawar) and political cartoonist Nicholas Garland. His maternal grandparents were zoologist Peter Medawar and author Jean Medawar. Garland attended the independent University College School, in Hampstead, London, and the University of Manchester, where he studied art history.
Fancourt was educated at Bedford School and at the Royal Academy of Music. At the Royal Academy, he studied singing with his mother's former teacher, Sir Henry Wood, and Alberto Randegger, and drama with Richard Temple, creator of many of the Savoy roles in which Fancourt was later famous. While a student, Fancourt performed in opera productions at the Academy, creating the role of Tackleton, the toy merchant, in Alexander Mackenzie's opera The Cricket on the Hearth, and playing Colas in Mozart's Bastien und Bastienne, and Benoit in La bohème. The Times thought him ``amusing but not noticeably musical'' in the last. Fancourt later continued his vocal studies in Germany with Lilli Lehmann. Even before completing his studies, Fancourt was building a concert career in London, the British provinces and the European continent.The Times said of an Aeolian Hall recital in 1912, ``Mr. Fancourt has some noble notes in his voice, except when he forces it occasionally ... Schubert's Tod und das Mädchen was remarkably well characterized; it was quite his best and he made it into a thing of great beauty.'' In World War I, Fancourt volunteered for military service and was commissioned in the London Regiment as a lieutenant. In 1917, while still serving in the army, Fancourt married a young singer, Eleanor Evans, at St Mark's Church, Hamilton Terrace, London. She had been a fellow-student at the Royal Academy. After returning to civilian life in 1919, Fancourt sang in a single performance of Prince Igor in Sir Thomas Beecham's opera season at Covent Garden as Prince Galitsky under the baton of Albert Coates. This was his only professional appearance in a grand opera, and his only paid acting experience up to that point. In the same year, he appeared as a soloist at the Henry Wood Promenade Concerts and in oratorio elsewhere in London.
Charles W. Gilchrist received degrees from Williams College magna cum laude in 1958 and Harvard Law School in 1961 and was admitted into the Maryland Bar in 1962. He was active in many civic and political organizations, including the D.C. Bar Association and the Democratic Central Committee, and served as a Maryland state senator. In 1978 he was elected as County Executive after the retirement of James P. Gleason.. He died on June 24, 1999 of pancreatic cancer at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore, Maryland.
Born in Wellington, Somerset on 13 October 1837, Robert Crosthwaite was the son of the Rev. Canon Benjamin Crosthwaite. He was educated at Leeds Grammar School and Trinity College, Cambridge. Ordained in 1862, he began his career with a curacy at North Cave after which he was Domestic Chaplain to the Archbishop of York. Following incumbencies in Brayton and York he was Rector of Bolton Percy until appointed Archdeacon of York in 1884. Five years later he became a Suffragan to assist within the Diocese of York and served to 1923. He died on 9 September 1925 at Bolton Percy.
Cruz Teng was educated at Anderson Secondary School where he took his GCE 'O' Levels, and later received a Diploma in Business Studies at Ngee Ann Polytechnic in 1999. He enrolled in a part time degree course in 2009, but announced that he was quitting school the following year.
Laurence Brahm studied Intensive Mandarin Language in 1981 at Nankai University in Tianjin, China near Beijing. In 1982, he studied Political Science Studies at the Chinese University of Hong Kong. He went on to receive his Bachelor of Arts Degree in Political Science from Duke University in 1983. In 1987, he received both his Masters in Asian Studies with a major in Politics and a minor in Economics and Juris Doctor from the University of Hawaii School of Law and Center for Asian Pacific Studies. Laurence Brahm received his Masters in Law from the University of Hong Kong Faculty of Law in 1989.
Gubbins was born in Tokyo on 2 July 1896, the younger son and third child of John Harington Gubbins (1852--1929), Oriental Secretary at the British Legation. He was educated at Cheltenham College and at the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich.
Her mother, Myrtle Bales Bulkley, marched for women's suffrage as a young woman and remained a vocal supporter of women's rights until her death in 1990. A native of New York, Virginia Whitehill graduated from Mount Holyoke College in 1950 with a bachelor's degree in history. She moved to Dallas in 1960 with her late husband, James. She is the mother of two daughters and is a grandmother.
Frederick Robinson Koch (born 1933) is an American collector and philanthropist, the eldest of the four sons born to American industrialist Fred C. Koch, founder of what is now Koch Industries, and Mary Robinson Koch. Unlike his father and brothers, all three of whom studied chemical engineering at Massachusetts Institute of Technology and pursued business careers, Frederick studied humanities at Harvard College (B.A. 1955), following which he enlisted in the U.S. Navy serving in Millington, near Memphis and then on the aircraft carrier USS Saratoga. Upon return to civilian life Koch enrolled at the Yale School of Drama where his focus was playwriting and from which he received an M.F.A. degree in 1961.
Mike Horner began acting in small sex films, at the time referred to as loops (named after the style of their presentation, constantly looped 16mm films shown in booths), in January 1978. His first feature movie was 1979's Tangerine. He has been in over 1500 feature (story based) films and videos, and performed in over 500 additional all sex videos, with approximately 1800 actresses. He attended San Francisco State University, UCLA, and graduated from Sonoma State University. He pursued acting, theatre, and dance prior to his porn career, but became more involved after his exposure to adult films. Mike started out making only around $40--100 a movie. While only a sideline job at first, hardcore finally became Mike's primary income in 1983. He made the move to Southern California in 1991 to make porn his primary objective.
In February 2011, Paul Levine became Trulia's Chief Operating Officer. He was previously President of New Media at Current TV and a Board Member at Zvents. Levine received his MBA from Stanford University.
Douglas Maddon was born into a unionist family. His father was a Presbyterian minister and home was the manse. He was educated at Belfast Royal Academy and Merton College, Oxford. He is a staunch believer in Northern Ireland's status as part of the United Kingdom and was active on the left wing of the Ulster Unionist Party promoting unfashionable liberal causes such as an end to the Orange connection, friendship with the Irish Republic and engagement with the European Union. As a political journalist, he wrote for the Unionist house magazine Ulster Review and Russian daily Izvestia. He was praised in Jonathan Stevenson's 'We Wrecked The Place`` for his ''guts, inventiveness and panache``.
Keegan Bradley is the elder child of Mark Bradley, the head professional at the Jackson Hole Golf and Tennis Club just outside Jackson, Wyoming. Growing up as an all-state ski racer in Woodstock, Vermont, Bradley decided as a teenager to pursue golf over skiing. He moved to Hopkinton, Massachusetts prior to his senior year at Hopkinton High School, where he won the Massachusetts Interscholastic Athletic Association (MIAA) Division 2 individual state championship in 2004. Bradley attended St. John's University and won nine collegiate events before graduating in 2008.
Jonas Wheeler (February 9, 1789 - May 1, 1826) was an American politician and lawyer. Born in Concord, Massachusetts, Wheeler graduated from Harvard College in 1810. He served as Justice of the Peace, the first representative of Camden, Maine to the Maine House of Representatives and Camden's State Senator. He was the President of the Maine Senate from 1825 until his death in May 1826.
Lincolnshire was also home to two motion picture performers: Alison LaPlaca, an actress famous for her role as snobbish yuppie Linda Phillips on the sitcom Duet and its spinoff, Open House, is an alumnus of Stevenson High School; and Kyle Brandt, another graduate of Stevenson, who played Philip Kiriakis on the soap opera Days of our Lives and appears as himself on the reality show .
Benjamin Hale (born August 20, 1983 in Hayward, California) is an American novelist based in Brooklyn, New York. He was raised in Boulder, Colorado, where in he attended Fairview High School. In 2006, he received a B.A. from Sarah Lawrence College and earned an M.F.A. in 2008 from the Iowa Writers' Workshop, where he received an Iowa Provost's Fellowship and a Michener-Copernicus Award.
A reputed child prodigy, James R. Osgood knew Latin at age 3 and entered college at 12 years of age. He studied at Bowdoin College in Maine, graduating Phi Beta Kappa. While there, he was a member of the Peucinian Society among others.
Judge Hiram Bond was born in 1838 in Farmersville, Cattaraugus County, New York and died in Seattle in 1906. He was a corporate lawyer, investment banker and an investor in various businesses including gold mining. He was the son of Hiram Bond M.D. and Almeda Slusser and was married to Laura Ann Higgins. His offspring were Louis Whitford Bond born in New York City, New York in 1865 and Marshall Latham Bond born in Orange, Virginia in 1867. His Academic history was Rushford Academy, Rushford, New York a bachelors from Hamilton College. He earned much of the money for his own education as a distributor of maps and atlases. Among his successes was becoming publisher, taking over the rights to a map of the United States which had been prepared by Matthew Fontaine Maury a Southerner who was a United States cartography officer . Maury who decided to join the Confederacy had left the work unpaid for in New York. He matriculated at Harvard Law School but before graduation he was hired as a law clerk by Chauncey Depew a friend and neighbor of his father in law Michael Dunning Higgins of Peekskill.
Jon moved out to Los Angeles to attend the Musicians Institute. Columbus area collaborators Kristy Venrick of The Azoic and Steve Creighton of The Wake helped him establish California musical contacts. By 2001, Jon Siren had joined Christopher Anton's synthpop band, Pseudocipher, and Evelyne Bennu's art-industrial band Flesh for Eve
Dr Dan Hicks FSA, MIfA (born 1972 in Durham, England) is a British archaeologist and anthropologist based at the University of Oxford. Hicks was educated at Bishop Vesey's Grammar School, Birmingham, where he was taught by R. F. Langley. He read Archaeology and Anthropology at St John's College, Oxford, gaining a first class honours degree, and received his Ph.D. in Archaeology and Anthropology from the University of Bristol. His research is focused on the material culture of the modern period, especially in relation to material culture studies, historical archaeology, and the anthropology of modern heritage, He has conducted fieldwork in the Caribbean, the eastern United States, and in Europe.
Mark Persaud was born in Albany, New York to Ronald, a Doctor of Psychiatry, and Aileen. He attended Westbury High School (Old Westbury, New York) and later Yale University graduating in 1988 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Urban Architecture. While at Yale he started the University chapter of Kappa Alpha Psi. Persaud went on to receive his joint degree, JD / MBA from Harvard Law School and Harvard School of Business in 1993. He was admitted to practice law in New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and Washington D.C..
Terence Irwin was an undergraduate at Magdalen College, Oxford, where he graduated with a BA (first-class honours) in Literae Humaniores (Classics, Philosophy and Ancient History) in 1969. He then studied at Princeton University, where he graduated with a PhD in Philosophy in 1973 under the supervision of Gregory Vlastos.
John Bascom (May 1, 1827October 2, 1911) was born on May 1, 1827 in Genoa, New York and was a graduate of Williams College with the class of 1849. He graduated from the Andover Theological Seminary in 1855. Besides the degrees he got in those places, he held many other scholarly and honorary degrees. He was professor of rhetoric at Williams College from 1855 to 1874, and was president of the University of Wisconsin from 1874 to 1887. He died in Williamstown, Massachusetts, on October 2, 1911.
In May 2009, Wardell Quezergue received an honorary doctorate from Loyola University New Orleans for his selfless dedication to enhancing the careers of others, while remaining in the background; for his dedication to teaching others, especially the young aspiring musicians of the city, leading many great New Orleans musicians to refer to him as ``my teacher;'' and for his contributions to the sounds of the city, particularly the driving horn sounds of the 60s and 70s, for which New Orleans music became known.
Lewis Wogan (c.1649 -- 1702) was one of the Wogans of Boulston, in Pembrokeshire, Wales. He was the son of Abraham Wogan, who was High Sheriff of Pembrokeshire in 1648. Lewis Wogan, who studied at Jesus College, Oxford for a time after 1665, was himself High Sheriff of Pembrokeshire in 1672.
Neal Peters McCurn (b. 1926 in Syracuse, NY) is a federal judge for the U.S. District Court, Northern District of New York. Judge McCurn graduated from Syracuse University with an A.B. in 1950 and Syracuse University College of Law with an LL.B. in 1952. He was nominated to the court by President Jimmy Carter on September 28, 1979, to a new seat created by 92 Stat. 1629, confirmed by the United States Senate on October 31, 1979, and received his commission on November 2, 1979. He served as chief judge from 1988 to 1993 and assumed senior status on April 6, 1993.
On 12 January 1939 he married Lola, daughter of Arthur Carrington Bosworth and his wife Florence of Sydney. Frank and Lola had two sons, Frank and Mark, and a daughter Fleur. Frank, who died in 1982, was a research chemist with CSR in Sydney and produced a number of patents for the industry; Mark obtained a PhD in Chemistry from Australian National University; and Fleur attained a Master of Education and worked in Catholic Education, including at the Australian Catholic University in Canberra.
Odair Sanches is an amateur basketball guard from Cape Verde. Sanches plays for the basketball side of Seven Stars. He played with Cape Verde at the FIBA Africa Championship 2007 in Angola and won the bronze medal.
Bernie Buescher is a fourth generation Coloradoan who was born and raised in Grand Junction and has lived there most of his life. After the untimely death of his father, when Bernie was 15 years old, Bernie's mother, Vickey Buescher, worked hard to put her three children through college and her example taught them that through hard work they could achieve their goals. While at Grand Junction High School, Bernie was the editor of the school newspaper. After graduation, he went on to college at Notre Dame and graduated with an accounting degree which he used to help put himself through law school. While at Notre Dame, Bernie met his future wife, Mary Beth. They have been married for 37 years and they have four adult children, Michael, Elizabeth, Marcia, and Susan, and two grandchildren. Bernie and Mary Beth both received their law degrees from the University of Colorado in 1974.
George Leigh Cooke was the son of a Samuel Cooke, from Bookham in Surrey. He was baptised on 12 September 1779. Cooke matriculated at the University of Oxford as a member of Balliol College on 26 January 1797, at the age of 17, and became a scholar of Corpus Christi College in the same year. He was elected to a fellowship of Corpus Christi in 1800, the year in which he obtained his Bachelor of Arts degree, and retained this position until 1815, when he resigned in order to marry. He took his Master of Arts degree in 1804 and his Bachelor of Divinity degree in 1812. He was appointed Sedleian Professor of Natural Philosophy in 1810, retaining this post until 1853. He was also Keeper of the Archives of the university between 1818 and 1826. An ordained Anglican priest, in 1820 he was appointed vicar of Wick Rissington in Gloucestershire, and also vicar of Cubbington and of Hunningham (both in Warwickshire). He was regarded as a sociable individual, who was one of the main figures of the Literary Dining Club for Oxford academics. He died on 29 March 1853 at Cubbington.
Janet Lucroy is a visual artist working in the San Francisco Bay Area. She received her MFA from The Ohio State University in 1997 and her BA in Fine Arts from Indiana University Bloomington in 1993.
John Lloyd Stephens was born November 28, 1805, in the township of Shrewsbury, New Jersey. He was the second son of Benjamin Stephens, a successful New Jersey merchant, and Clemence Lloyd, daughter of an eminent local judge. The following year the family moved to New York City. There Stephens received an education in the Classics at two privately-tutored schools. At the early age of 13 he enrolled at Columbia College, graduating at the top of his class four years later in 1822.
Author Willa Cather briefly made Squirrel Hill her home from 1901 to 1906. Residing on Murray Hill Avenue, Cather was the telegraph (wire desk) editor and drama critic for the newspaper, Pittsburgh Leader. She taught at Central High School in nearby Uptown and later became the head of the English Department at Allegheny High School. Cather used Pittsburgh as the setting for several short stories that she wrote during her time there.
Spencer V. Jones was raised in the largely Latter-day Saint town of Virden, New Mexico. He served as a Mormon missionary in the Argentina North Mission of the LDS Church. He studied at Eastern Arizona Junior College and the Church College of Hawaii before he received his bachelor's degree in Animal Science from Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah. He was a businessman and business owner for over 20 years in Gallup, New Mexico, involved in furniture retailing, manufactured housing, and ranching.
Ernest Tomlinson was born in 1924 in Rawtenstall, Lancashire into a musical family. Aged nine he became a chorister at Manchester Cathedral, where he was eventually appointed as Head Boy in 1939. He later attended Bacup and Rawtenstall Grammar School and at sixteen won a scholarship to Manchester University and the Royal Manchester College of Music. He spent the next two years studying composition until in 1943 he left to join the Royal Air Force where he became a Wireless Mechanic and saw service in France during 1944 and 1945. He returned to England in 1945 to resume his studies and graduated in 1947, receiving the degree of Bachelor of Music for composition as well as being made a Fellow of the Royal College of Organists and an Associate of the Royal Manchester College of Music.
Brown is the father of Rebecca and Jonathan. Rebecca is a student at Bowie High School and is enrolled in a number of Advanced Placement and Honors courses. She performs in the Chamber Orchestra and is a member of the mock trial team. Jonathan attends St. Pius X Regional School in Bowie, Maryland and has a strong interest in science and social studies. Brown is an assistant coach of Jonathan's baseball team, the Maryland Sluggers. On May 16, 2011, Brown and Karmen Walker announced their engagement to marry in the Summer of 2012. Karmen is a director of government relations with Comcast and lives in Hughesville, Maryland.
Barry Shrier was born in 1961 as the youngest of three children, and grew up in Rocky River, a suburb of Cleveland in Ohio where he attended Rocky River High School. In 1979 Barry attended Middlebury College, Vermont, graduating with high grades in 1985 with a BA in Politics. He did his post-graduate research with his Tutor the noted Cambridge Sovietologist Peter Reddaway and in 1989 he received an MSc in Politics from the London School of Economics (University of London).
The Very. Rev Wilfred Frank Curtis, AKC was an eminent Anglican priest in the 20th century. He was born on 24 February 1923 and educated at Foster's School, Sherborne and Bishop Wordsworth's School, Salisbury. After World War II service with the RA he completed his studies at King's College London. He was ordained in 1952 and became Curate of High Wycombe. He was with the Church Missionary Society from 1955 to 1974 when he became Provost of Sheffield. 1974.
Steven Sadettin Saran (1964 in USA) is a business people from Turkey who is CEO of Saran Şirketler Grubu. He received his B.A. in from University of Kentucky and then followed by his Master's degree from Kentucky University in 1987 by Mechanical Engineering.
Jon Gunnar Arntzen (born 1951) is a Norwegian encyclopedist. He studied at the University of Oslo where he got his cand.mag in 1974. His main interest is the history of Oslo in general, and has edited multiple books on this topic. His latest edited book is OSLO 1900--1925, which is the fourth book in a series on the history of Oslo.
Clark G. Fiester was born on January 25, 1934. He was educated at Pennsylvania State University (B.S.) and Stanford University (M.S.). He also later studied at the Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School.
Patchen Markell is an associate professor of political science at the University of Chicago. He received a Ph.D. in Political Science from Harvard University in 1999 and a B.A. in Political Science and Philosophy from University of California, Berkeley in 1992.
Liu Shiyu (born November 1961) is a Chinese banker. Mr. Liu graduated from Tsinghua University and received a master's degree in Management Engineering.
Robert Sirico was raised in a Catholic family in Brooklyn, N.Y. (his elder brother is actor Tony Sirico), but by his early teenage years he had left the Church. He received an associate's degree from Los Angeles City College, studied at St. Mary's University College, London, and received a bachelor's degree in English from the University of Southern California. While in California, during the early 1970s, he served as a Pentecostal preacher and promoted left-wing politics, but after a time he began to realize he did not agree with the principles of socialism.
Ronnie Roemisch () is an American football coach. He served as head coach at his alma mater, Tarleton State University, from 1993-95. He compiled a 9--21--1 record overall. Roemisch was fired after a 1--10 season in 1995, and replaced with Todd Whitten.
Kalle Dalin (born March 8, 1975) is a Swedish orienteering competitor and European champion. He received a gold medal in long distance at the 2004 European Orienteering Championships, and also a bronze medal in the relay event.
Kevin Bailey (born 16 March 1954) is a British poet and founder of 'HQ Poetry Magazine'. He has had three books published and co-edited an anthology of poetry for the Acorn Book Company in 2000. He was born and grew up at Wallingford, in the County of Berkshire (now Oxfordshire), England, where he attended the local grammar school. He was later educated at the University of York and University College, Bath.
Eber Priestley was a graduate of the University of Birmingham, Birmingham.
Andy Karl was born in Baltimore, Maryland to Walter and Susan. He attended Towson High School, where he was on the football team and performed in theater. In high school he played Jud Fry in ``Oklahoma!'' and General Bullmoose in Li'l Abner. At age 16 he performed as the title role in Aladdin at the White Marsh Dinner Theatre. After high school he attended Towson State University, where he studied voice and music. Karl originally planned on becoming a voice teacher until the director of a show he was in at college told him he had what it took to be a professional actor. Karl continued to perform in shows while in college. He played the 7½ foot dragon in the children's musical The Reluctant Dragon at Toby's Dinner Theatre in Columbia, Maryland in the Winter of 1993--1994.
Benjamin Hale (born August 20, 1983 in Hayward, California) is an American novelist based in Brooklyn, New York. He was raised in Boulder, Colorado, where in he attended Fairview High School. In 2006, he received a B.A. from Sarah Lawrence College and earned an M.F.A. in 2008 from the Iowa Writers' Workshop, where he received an Iowa Provost's Fellowship and a Michener-Copernicus Award.
Chambers was born in Florida and began dancing when she was only three years old. Her family moved to Virginia when she was nine, where she participated in various types of dance and gymnastic competitions. There she studied with and was a member of the Atrium Dance Company directed by Christine Grogis. They later moved to Atlanta, Georgia, where Chambers attended North Atlanta High School and where she continued her dance education at Warners studio (owned by the mother of well-known dancer Lorey Warner). After graduation, Chambers initially went to Spelman College, with hopes of a career in medicine, but after a successful audition for ``Prince'' she eventually moved to Los Angeles to pursue an acting and dance career.
She was able to garner the title Jutawan (or Millionaire) that had been obtained by other artistes such as Yusof Haslam, Sharifah Aini, Tan Sri SM Salim, the late Sudirman Arshad, Sheila Majid and Jamal Abdillah. After the successful releases of ELLA USA and ELLA 30110, Ella received recognition from the Malaysian Book of Records as Malaysia's First Artist With the Highest Number of Sold Albums (Artis Malaysia Pertama Mempunyai Penjualan Album Terbanyak) and Malaysia's First Artist to Record a Full Album in the United States (Artis Malaysia Pertama Merakamkan Album Penuh Di Amerika Syarikat).
Iqrar Ahmad Khan is a Pakistani agricultural scientist and a professor of Horticulture at the University of Agriculture, Faisalabad. He earned his Ph.D. from the University of California, Riverside where he was placed on the Honour Rolls. He has supervised 84 M.Sc and Ph.D. students from 6 countries, established a Center of Agricultural Biochemistry and Biotechnology and secured numerous research and development projects. Khan has released a potato variety (PARS-70), pioneered the research on breeding seedless Kinnow and discovered two new botanical varieties of wheat. He was author of STED funded Citrus Nursery Project launched at UAF. He was instrumental in developing international/regional mango research program to combat the sudden death of mango. In a 2007 paper on the causal organism of mango death, his team illustrated new information which must count as a discovery. MINFAL has notified Khan as National Mango Coordinator.
Frank James received his BA from Texas Tech University and an MA at Westminster Theological Seminary. He also has received two doctorates. The first was a D.Phil from Oxford University under the supervision of Alister McGrath. The second was from Westminster Theological Seminary.
Joel Lebowitz was born in Taceva, then in Czechoslovakia, now Ukraine, in 1930 into a Jewish family. During World War II he was deported with his family to Auschwitz, where his father, his mother, and his younger sister were killed in 1944. After being liberated from the camp, he moved to United States by boat, and he studied in an Orthodox Jewish school, at Brooklyn College, and at Syracuse University. Here he got a PhD in 1956 under the supervision of Peter G. Bergmann. Then he continued his research with Lars Onsager, at Yale University, where he got a faculty position. He moved to the Stevens Institute of Technology in 1957 and to the Belfer Graduate School of Science of Yeshiva University in 1959. Finally he got a faculty position at Rutgers University in 1977, where he holds the prestigious George William Hill Professor position. During his years at the Yeshiva University and Rutgers University he has been in contact with several scientists, and artists, like Fumio Yoshimura and Kate Millett. In 1975 he founded the Journal of Statistical Physics. In 1979 he was president of the New York Academy of Sciences. He has been one of the most active supporters of dissident scientists in the former Soviet Union, especially refusenik scientists.
At the age of 11 years, Siddique attended Salendine Nook High School, a multicultural school, where she excelled in English. She later moved to Greenhead College.
Henry Martyn Porter (April 25, 1835 -- February 6, 1907) was an American Civil War Union Army Officer who served as a Colonel and commander of the 7th Vermont Infantry. He graduated in 1857 from Middlebury College in Middlebury, Connecticut. He then became a teacher; first in Sutherland Falls, Vermont in 1857, then in Rupert, Vermont from 1858 to 1859, then in New York, also in 1859. He enlisted in the U.S. Army in 1861 as a Private in the New York National Guard. He later became a Captain with the Vermont Infantry and achieved the rank Colonel.
Seth Joyner (born November 18, 1964 in Spring Valley, New York) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles, Arizona Cardinals, Green Bay Packers and Denver Broncos. Joyner graduated from Spring Valley High School.
Percy Eugene Foreman (June 21, 1902 -- August 25, 1988) was a criminal defense attorney from Houston, Texas. Foreman was born near Bold Springs, Texas, and moved to Livingston, Texas when he was six years old. He was the son of William P. (``Rogers'') Foreman, a former sheriff of Polk County, Texas. Percy Foreman attended Staunton Military Academy in Virginia for one year, graduated from the University of Texas Law School in 1927, and was admitted to the Texas Bar on January 17, 1928. He went on to become one of America's best known trial lawyers.
Glynn Nicholas began as a busker while touring Europe in 1977. His act of singing and playing up to three instruments at the same time, soon developed to focus on mime and audience participation. He brought his act home to Adelaide, Australia and became renowned locally for the large crowds he entertained in the central shopping precinct, Rundle Mall, which had recently been closed to traffic. In 1982, he studied mime and circus skills at San Francisco's Hayward College and performed regularly at Pier 39. In 1986 he was crowned national champion at the Australian busking championships.
As an All-American selection playing at Indianapolis Tech, Frank Kendrick attended Purdue University, located in West Lafayette, Indiana. He played basketball under head coach George King in his sophomore season. Playing under Fred Schaus in his last two seasons at Purdue, he led the Boilers to the 1974 NIT Championship, scoring a team high 25 points against Utah. He was selected as the team MVP and as a First Team All-Big Ten selection during his Junior and Senior seasons while averaging 18.5 points per game in both seasons. He was named a Helms Athletic Foundation All-American following his Senior season. He finished his career at Purdue with 1,269 points, #22 All-Time at Purdue; 664 rebounds (#9 All-Time) and 29 double-doubles. Frank helped lead the team to an overall 48-30 record in his three varsity seasons, which includes a 24-18 Big Ten Conference record.
Pat Behrns (born May 16, 1950) is an American college football coach. He served as the head coach at the University of Nebraska at Omaha from 1994 through the program being discontinued in March 2011, and was also the head coach of the University of North Dakota Fighting Sioux football team from 1980 to 1985. He is a 1972 graduate of Dakota State University.
Samuel Morse Felton, Jr. (February 3, 1853 -- March 11, 1930) was an American railroad executive. He was a 1873 graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he was a member of the Chi Phi Fraternity.
David Nyheim received his BA in Political Science from McGill University (Canada) in 1992. From 1992-1994, he studied medicine at the Catholic University of Louvain (Belgium), before joining the European Community Humanitarian Aid Office (ECHO) in 1994. He received his MSc. in Economics from the London School of Economics/London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (United Kingdom) in 1996. During this time he served as the Chairperson of the Student's Union of the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine.
Griffith Hartwell Jones (1858 or 1859 -- 27 May 1944) was a Welsh academic. He was educated at Jesus College, Oxford, where he was a scholar, and became professor of Latin at the University College of South Wales and Monmouthshire, Cardiff, lecturing on historical and philological topics and writing extensively. He was also chairman of the National Eisteddfod Association, chairman of the council of the Honourable Society of Cymmrodorion and a member of the Royal Commission on the Ancient and Historical Monuments of Wales. He died in hospital in London on 27 May 1944 at the age of 85.
Whitman Knapp was the son of Wallace Percy Knapp, a wealthy New York lawyer. His mother was killed in a horse riding accident in Central Park when he was only three years old. He attended St. Bernard's School, graduating in 1923, The Choate School (now Choate Rosemary Hall), graduating in 1927, and Yale University, graduating in 1931. He went on to Harvard Law School, where he was editor of the Harvard Law Review, graduating in 1934. He married Elizabeth Mercer shortly after graduation.
Dan Zanes was born in Exeter, New Hampshire, in 1961, and spent his childhood in Texas and then in Fredericton, New Brunswick. He attended Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts. Zanes ended up living on the outskirts of Concord, New Hampshire.
Joseph F. Quinn (1857--1929) was the first Irishman elevated to the bench in Massachusetts where he served on the Essex County Superior Court after being appointed by Governor Eugene Foss in 1911. He lived in Salem and was the son of an immigrant from the days of the potato famine. He attended University of Ottawa in Canada due to discrimination against the Irish in the U.S. at the time, graduating in 1883, and went on to earn his law degree from Boston University School of Law in 1886. Judge Quinn was associated with John F. Fitzgerald and Patrick Kennedy (P. J. Kennedy), with his son being Kennedy's son Joseph Kennedy's roommate at Harvard University at one point. His great grandson, Joseph F. Quinn (1947-) is a noted economist on social security issues who was formerly Dean of Arts & Sciences at Boston College. Judge Quinn presided over the trial of Joseph Ettor and other leaders of the Lawrence textile strike in 1912 which became a national cause celebre and resulted in the defendants' acquittal.
Notable directors of the band include W.G Powell, the first director of the ROTC band, Ben Laietsky 1928-31 (former member of the Sousa Band), Leroy Allen 1934-47, Patton McNaughton 1947-51, Clarence Sawhill 1952-72, assistant director Kelly James 1955-81, and Robert Winslow 1972-74. The current director of the marching band since 1982 is Gordon Henderson who is a graduate of the University of Kentucky. The previous assistant director of the marching band was Dr. Jennifer Judkins, a graduate of UCLA. The current assistant director, as of September 1, 2010, is Keith Kupper who graduated from UCLA in the Spring of 2010 and had served as drum major of the band for three years.The director of bands is currently Dr. Thomas Lee who, joined the faculty in 1985 from the University of Texas. Dr. Lee is a graduate of the College Conservatory of Music at the University of Cincinnati.
Thomas Dougherty is from Casper, Wyoming. He graduated from Brown University and joined the U.S. Foreign Service in 1989. He was nominated to be the ambassador to Burkina Faso by President Obama on May 27, 2010 and confirmed by congress on August 5, 2010. He is a senior member of the Senior Foreign Service, and has diplomatically served previously for the United States as Minister-Counselor for Public Affairs at the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad, acting Deputy Assistant Secretary in the Bureau of African Affairs, and Director for West African Affairs. He was the Deputy Chief of Mission in the Democratic Republic of Congo and in Malawi. He has also seen overseas posts in Cameroon, Eritrea, Saudi Arabia, Republic of the Congo, and Senegal. He is married with two children.
Renato Capecchi taught at the Manhattan School of Music for many years.
Seymour Weiss was born in Chicago in 1925. He served in the United States Navy during World War II, achieving the rank of Lieutenant. After the war, he attended the University of Pennsylvania, and then received a Master of International Affairs degree from the University of Chicago.
As a young man, he attended the School of the Art Institute of Chicago and showed an interest in poster design. In July 1917, in the midst of the First World War his Red Cross poster earned an honorable mention at the Art Institute's Exhibition of Posters for National Service. He created several posters for a series commissioned by the Chicago Transit Authority in the early 1920s. Metzl's posters, The Evanston Lighthouse by the Elevated Lines and The Field Museum by the Elevated Lines (featuring a toucan) are still reproduced today. A 2004 exhibit in Chicago featured several of Metzl's transit posters, and the Chicago Tribune art critic commented, ``The boldest pieces, because they are the simplest in form and most lively in color, are by Ervine Metzl, who apparently began the series in 1921.''
Berline started playing the fiddle at age five and quickly developed a talent for it. In 1965, he recorded the album Pickin' and Fiddlin' with the Dillards. The same year, he met Bill Monroe at the Newport Folk Festival and was offered a job with the Bluegrass Boys but he turned it down because he had to finish his education. He was graduated from the University of Oklahoma in 1967, with a teaching degree in Physical Education, and joined the Bluegrass Boys shortly after.
Fairbanks studied in at the Art Students League of New York beginning at age 13 and the École Nationale Supérieure des Beaux-Arts in the atelier of Jean Antoine Injalbert beginning at age 17. Fairbanks received his bachelor's degree from Yale University and his master's degree from the University of Washington. For three years Fairbanks studied on a Guggenheim Fellowship in Florence, Italy. He got his Ph.D. in anatomy from the University of Michigan. He was also a professor of sculpture at the University of Michigan.
Soon after he reached his fourteenth birthday, his family moved to California's Orange County in 1902. The Johnsons settled in the town of Olinda, a small oil boomtown located just east of Brea. In his youth, the young Walter Johnson split his time between playing baseball, working in the nearby oil fields, and going horseback riding. Johnson later attended Fullerton Union High School where he struck out 27 batters during a 15-inning game against Santa Ana High School. He later moved to Idaho, where he doubled as a telephone company employee and a pitcher for a Weiser-based team in the Idaho State League. Johnson was spotted by a talent scout and signed a contract with the Washington Senators in July 1907 at the age of nineteen.
Buchanan was born in 1864 to Thomas and Rebecca Jane in Franklin, Tennessee. His grandfather, Major John Buchanan, was one of the founders of Nashville, Tennessee. Also, his brother, John P. Buchanan was a governor of Tennessee. He graduated from Cumberland University in 1885 with a Bachelor of Science degree and he did graduate work at both Vanderbilt University and the University of Chicago. He received his LL.D. from Kingfisher College in 1917.
Kinglake was born at Taunton. He was the second son of John Alexander Kinglake, MP for Rochester, and his wife Louisa Rebecca Liddon, daughter of John Liddon of Taunton. He was educated at Eton and Trinity College, Cambridge. Kinglake rowed in the Cambridge boat in the Boat Races of 1863, 1864, 1865 and 1866, all of which were won by Oxford. He was president of Cambridge University Boat Club in 1866. In 1864 he won the Silver Goblets at Henley Royal Regatta partnering John Richardson Selwyn.
Carlton Gamer (born 1929 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American composer and music theorist. He has taught at Princeton University, the University of Michigan, and Colorado College. He studied at Northwestern University and Boston University and privately with Roger Sessions.
Joseph F. Fraumeni, Jr. (Born 1933, Massachusetts) is an American physician and cancer researcher. He received an A.B. from Harvard College, an M.D. from Duke University, and an M.Sc. in epidemiology from the Harvard School of Public Health. He completed his medical residency at Johns Hopkins Hospital and Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, and received internal medicine board certification. He then joined the National Cancer Institute at the National Institutes of Health as a post-doctoral fellow, becoming founding Chief of the Environmental Epidemiology Branch in 1975, Director of the Epidemiology and Biostatistics Program in 1979, and currently Director of the Division of Cancer Epidemiology and Genetics since 1995.
The Bay Area is the home of the hyphy movement, which started in the early to mid-'90s. The genre which was pioneered by rappers Andre ``Mac Dre'' Hicks, Too Short, Keak Da Sneak, Mistah Fab and E-40, is now becoming more popular throughout the world. Hyphy themes such as ghost riding, thizzin' and going dumb are now common in other parts of the country. The Bay Area is also home to rap legend Tupac Shakur who lived in Marin City, about north of San Francisco. The rap group Digital Underground originally hailed from Oakland. MC Hammer, and the Hieroglyphics hip hop crew, which is composed of local artists including the Souls of Mischief and Del tha Funkee Homosapien. Cindy Herron of En'Vogue attended Balboa High School in the late 1970's.
Richard Taub was born in Brooklyn, New York in 1937. He completed his undergraduate degree at the University of Michigan where he also served as editor-in-chief of the Michigan Daily newspaper. After earning his BA in English Literature with Distinction and Honors in 1959, he moved on to Harvard University's Department of Social Relations where he received his MA in 1962 and his PhD in 1966, both in Sociology. During his time at Harvard he spent five years studying bureaucracy in India under the guidance of sociologist Alex Inkeles and Anthropologist Cora DuBois and with the support of Fulbright and the American Institute for Indian Studies. After completing his PhD, Taub was an Assistant Professor of Sociology at Brown University from 1965-1969. He has been on the faculty of the University of Chicago since 1969, where he has served as Assistant Professor of Sociology, Associate Professor of Social Sciences, Director of the Program for Urban Neighborhoods, Associate Dean of The College, Chair and Co-Chairman of the Undergraduate Program in Public Policy Studies at The College, Chairman of the Department of Comparative Human Development, the Paul Klapper Professor in the Social Sciences, and Professor in the Department of Comparative Human Development, Department of Sociology and The College. While living in Chicago he has served on many local boards, as President of the Hyde Park Kenwood Community Development Association, as Chairman of the St. Thomas the Apostle School Board, and as a board member of the Seminary Cooperative Bookstore.
William Allen Harper was a Texas Christian University medical student who, after the assassination of President John F. Kennedy, discovered a large piece of President Kennedy's skull bone in the grass to the left of President Kennedy and 117' forward of his location when he was first shot in the head.
Joseph F. Quinn (1857--1929) was the first Irishman elevated to the bench in Massachusetts where he served on the Essex County Superior Court after being appointed by Governor Eugene Foss in 1911. He lived in Salem and was the son of an immigrant from the days of the potato famine. He attended University of Ottawa in Canada due to discrimination against the Irish in the U.S. at the time, graduating in 1883, and went on to earn his law degree from Boston University School of Law in 1886. Judge Quinn was associated with John F. Fitzgerald and Patrick Kennedy (P. J. Kennedy), with his son being Kennedy's son Joseph Kennedy's roommate at Harvard University at one point. His great grandson, Joseph F. Quinn (1947-) is a noted economist on social security issues who was formerly Dean of Arts & Sciences at Boston College. Judge Quinn presided over the trial of Joseph Ettor and other leaders of the Lawrence textile strike in 1912 which became a national cause celebre and resulted in the defendants' acquittal.
In 1986 Lewis Turco won the Melville Cane Award of the Poetry Society of America for his book of criticism ``Visions and Revisions of American Poetry'' and in 1992 he received a Distinguished Alumnus Award from the Alumni Association of the University of Connecticut. He was inducted into the Meriden, Connecticut, Hall of Fame in 1993, and in 1999 he received the John Ciardi Award for lifetime achievement in poetry sponsored by the National Italian American Foundation. In May 2000 he received an honorary degree, Doctor of Humane Letters, from Ashland University in Ohio and a second from the University of Maine at Fort Kent in 2009. His book won the Wild Card category of the New England Book Festival in the same year.
Samuel Sangshik Han received the B.A(Economics) from Seoul National University. He then received an M.Div. and M.R.E. degrees at Korea Baptist Theological University. He is a Baptist pastor, who ordained at Seoul Sungrak Church in 1988. He was awarded the Th.D. from the Canada Christian College, and his Th.M. degree from the Yonsei University. Han studied at the Ph.D. programs of Jewish Theological Seminary of America and Edinburgh University in 2002-2004. He was appointed a professor of Old Testament Studies at Berea University of Graduate Studies (Berea International Theological Seminary) in 1997. In 2006 he was elected as the president of Berea University of Graduate Studies (Berea International Theological Seminary).
Dr. Abraham Kidane is the Senior Economic Advisor to the Government of Eritrea and to the Ministry of National Development. He received his PhD in Economics from the University of California, Los Angeles. After teaching at the University of Southern California, Pepperdine University, and the California State University, Dominguez Hills), he returned to his country of birth in 1995 to work for the Eritrean government. Dr. Kidane now works at the Ministry of National Development, having previously held positions at the Bank of Eritrea and at the Office of the President.
Jake Linford is an American legal scholar who currently teaches at Florida State University College of Law. Professor Linford graduated with high honors from the University of Chicago Law School, where he was a member of the University of Chicago Law Review and was elected to the Order of the Coif.
Turnor was the son of Christopher Turnor, M.P. for South Lincolnshire 1841-7, and his wife Lady Caroline Finch-Hatton, daughter of George Finch-Hatton, 10th Earl of Winchilsea. He was educated at Harrow School and at Christ Church, Oxford, graduating B.A. in 1860. He was a Deputy Lieutenant of Lincolnshire, and a J.P. for parts of Kesteven and Lindsey in Lincolnshire
Steve Scott is a legendary British newsreader. He was educated at Clifton College and began his career in local radio. Scott currently employed by ITN where he presents on the weekend ITV News bulletins and is the Sports Editor.
Katrina Warren was born and raised in Sydney, Australia, where she attended James Ruse Agricultural High School. She graduated from the University of Sydney with a Bachelor degree in Veterinary Science.
Harold Chestnut received many awards: In 1966 he received an Honorary Doctorate in engineering from Case Institute of Technology, Cleveland, and in 1972 from Villanova University. In 1984 he won the IEEE Centennial Medal and in 1985 the AACC Bellman Heritage Award. Chestnut further in 1981 received the prestigious Honda Prize for ecotechnology, with it a substantial financial award from the Japan's Honda Foundation. He was further a Fellow of the AIEE, ISA, and AAAS. He was elected to the US National Academy of Engineering in 1974 and selected as a Case Centennial Scholar in 1980.
Tishman was born on April 7, 1916, in Manhattan. His father David headed Tishman Realty and Construction, a firm established by Robert's grandfather Julius Tishman in 1898 with the construction of a six-story tenement building on the Lower East Side that was built using the proceeds of his department store in Upstate New York. He attended the Horace Mann School and earned his undergraduate degree from Cornell University in 1937, where he was elected to the Sphinx Head honor society and was the editor of the Cornell Widow, and also attended Columbia Law School. He was married in June 1941 to the former Phyllis Gordon, who had attended Wellesley College and the New York University School of Law, in a ceremony held at the Lombardy Hotel and officiated by Rabbi Nathan A. Perilman of Temple Emanu-El. During World War II, Tishman served in the United States Navy in the Pacific Ocean.
She was born in 1927 as Fenella Feldman in London, of Romanian/Russian Jewish descent, the daughter of Tilly (née Katz; 1902--1977) and Philip Feldman. She is the younger sister of Lord Feldman of Frognal. She grew up in Lower Clapton and later Edgware where she attended North London Collegiate School. Her father at one time owned a cinema in Silvertown, east London. She was not related to the late actor Marty Feldman, as has been misreported. Fenella Fielding has never married.
Smith attended Andress high school in El Paso, Texas and was a student and a letterman in football. In football, he was an El Paso All-Star selection and an All-District selection. Paul Smith graduated from Andress High School in 1996.
Leiter's only son, Joseph (b. 4 December 1868), graduated from Harvard University in 1891, and was Levi Leiter's agent from 1892 to 1898. Joseph attempted to corner the wheat market from 1897 to 1898, and was briefly the largest individual holder of wheat in the history of the grain trade. Concerted action by his competitors broke the corner. Levi paid millions of dollars to settle Joseph's debts after the market crashed in 1898. Levi's losses were reputed to run to $10,000,000. Joseph was later president of the Zeigler Coal Company, Chicago, and of the Chicago, Zeigler and Gulf Railway Company; and a director of the American Security and Trust Company.
Walter Horace Bruford was born in Manchester in 1894. He was educated at Manchester Grammar School and then he studied at St. John's College, Cambridge, and also at the University of Zurich, Switzerland. During World War I he served with the Royal Navy cryptographic Intelligence Division in Room 40 at the Admiralty. After the war he did some research at Zurich and then in 1920 became a Lecturer in German at Aberdeen University, and then Reader in 1923. Bruford was then Professor of German at the University of Edinburgh, 1929--1951, though was seconded to the Foreign Office during World War II, 1939--1943, to work at Bletchley Park. From 1951 he was Schröder Professor of German at the University of Cambridge until 1961. His publications include Sound and Symbol with Professor J. J. Findlay, Germany in the Eighteenth Century, Die Gesellschaftlichen Grundlagen der Goethezeit, Chekhov and his Russia, Literary Interpretation in Germany and many more. He lived at Abbey St. Bathans, Duns, Berwickshire. Professor Walter Horace Bruford died in 1988.
Born in Milano in 1960, Cristina Vergano studied at the International School of Milan, Liceo Cassini, and Universita`` di Genova.
Yuko Nii (born 1942) is an artist and philanthropist. She studied (1961--63) English and American Literature at Aoyama Gakuin University, Tokyo, Japan. In 1963 she transferred to Macalaster College, St. Paul, Minnesota as a scholarship student, and earned her BFA. in 1965. From 1966 she attended Pratt Institute, Brooklyn, New York, as a fellowship student and earned her MFA in painting in 1969. Her creative activities include painting, printmaking, graphic design, stage set, costume and fashion design. She distinguished herself also as a writer in journalism, poetry, fiction, essays and philosophy, publishing a book with Terrance Lindall, entitled BLUE EYED SATORI, and writing for newspapers and magazines.
Gregory Hemingway was born in Kansas City, Missouri on November 12, 1931, to novelist Ernest Hemingway and his second wife Pauline Pfeiffer, and named Gregory Hancock Hemingway. In childhood, he was called Gigi or Gig and was, according to a close observer, ``a tremendous athlete'' and a ``crack shot.'' As an adult he preferred the name Greg. Hemingway attended the Canterbury School, a Catholic prep school in Connecticut, graduating in 1949. He dropped out of St. John's College, Annapolis, after one year and worked for a time as an aircraft mechanic. Moving to California in 1951, he married against his father's wishes and experimented with drugs, which led to his arrest. When his mother died the day following his arrest, he inherited a fortune, which he used to finance several African hunting safaris. He later spent three years in Africa as an apprentice professional hunter, but failed to obtain a license because of his drinking. He joined and left the U.S. Army in the 1950s, suffered from mental illness, was institutionalized for a time, and received several dozen electric shock treatments. Of another stint shooting elephants he wrote: ``I went back to Africa to do more killing. Somehow it was therapeutic.'' He entered medical school and obtained a medical degree from the University of Miami Medical School in 1964.
Yusuf Garaad Omar born in Mogadishu in June 1960 is a Somali journalist. He has been the head of BBC Somali Service in London, UK since 1999. He also worked for Radio Mogadishu in Somalia in 1980s. Apart from managing the BBC Somali Service, he engages in programmes for training Somali journalists. Yusuf graduated from the Somali National University and then studied in France and Italy. He also has a Master of Arts focused on International Affairs from The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University in Greater Boston, USA.
Shana Ting Lipton (born in London, England) is a Los Angeles pop culture and travel journalist, videographer and consultant. Her work has appeared in The Daily for iPad (News Corp), the Los Angeles Times, Salon.com, The Huffington Post, New York Magazine, Variety, People magazine, Wired Magazine, BUST (magazine), Newsday, New York Newsday, Radar, Movieline, CMJ, GQ (Korea), URB, Dazed & Confused (London), and Glamour Magazine (Italy). She received her Masters degree in European Culture from the University of Amsterdam and her Bachelors degree from Barnard College in New York.
Aziz Ahmed was born in T-T District of Amritsar, British Indian Empire in 1906. Ahmed received his education at Amritsar and moved to Lahore for his further studies and permanently settled there. There, he attended the Government College University in 1924, and graduated with a B.Sc. in Political science in 1928. He proceeded his higher studies in United Kingdom where with a scholarship offered and awarded by the British government, Ahmad subsequently studied at the University of Cambridge in 1929. In 1933, Aziz gained M.Sc. in Political science, followed by another M.Sc. in Foreign policy. Upon his return Ahmed passed the civil service exam and gained commissioned in Indian Civil Service.
Kiran Soni Gupta is an Indian Administrative Service officer of Rajasthan cadre who is better known as an artist,women activist, social reformer and humanist. A graduate of Harvard she obtained a MPA Degree from John F. Kennedy School of Government in 2006 as a Mason Fellow. Kiran is married to Madhukar Gupta (who himself is an Indian Administrative Service officer) and has two children.
Hounsh Munshi (; born September 12, 1993 in Bangkok, Thailand) is an Indian figure skater. She is the 2007-2008 season Indian bronze medalist. Her family is from India, and Munshi has also lived in Sydney, Australia, before moving with her family to the United States. Since August 2008, she is a student at William P. Clements High School in Sugar Land, Texas. She holds Indian citizenship. She planned on staying with Chin for a coach but eventually moved to Jenny Camile. She recently retired and moved to India, where she currently resides.
New Directions was born in 1936 of Ezra Pound's advice to the young James Laughlin, then a Harvard University sophomore, to ``do something' useful'' after finishing his studies at Harvard. Laughlin's response was to found a press committed to publishing experimental writing. Initially, this ambition to act as a venue for innovative work manifested itself in roughly annual anthologies of new writing, each titled ``New Directions in Poetry and Prose'' (with either a year or a volume number after it, e.g., ``New Directions in Poetry and Prose 1941'' or ``New Directions in Poetry and Prose 11''). Writers whose early work was published in these anthologies include Dylan Thomas, Marianne Moore, Wallace Stevens, Thomas Merton, Denise Levertov, James Agee, and Lawrence Ferlinghetti. The New Directions ``annuals,'' soon broadened their focus to include quality contemporary writing of all genres, though the work included tended to represent a more intellectual side of American writing as well as a considerable amount of literature in translation from modernist authors around the world. New Directions also published many now-famous writers, including Ezra Pound and William Carlos Williams, when they had a hard time finding homes for their work, and Tennessee Williams was published as a poet for the very first time in a New Directions poetry collection.
Kai Braden comes from a bi-racial family of German and Chinese descent with parents and a sister who work in the medical fiel.d He attended San Francisco University High School and then Pepperdine University in California, graduating with a degree in Television Production and a minor in Spanish. While at university he started the 501(c)(3) nonprofit organisation AMEN Missionary, Inc. and is currently the founder/CEO.. He trained for the Junior Olympics in Taekwondo, played varsity tennis, and was involved in Gymnastics. He is also a keen sky diver and a qualified scuba diver with an Open Water Diver Certification
Malcolm Boyle (1902--1976) was a British organist and composer. He was born in Windsor, England, and as a boy served as a chorister at Eton College. He became an organ pupil of Sir Walter Parratt of St. George's Chapel, Windsor. After taking his BMus at Queen's College, Oxford, he became Assistant organist to Sir Walford Davies at St George's. He also attended the Royal Academy of Music in London where he had been granted an organ scholarship.
Philippa Campbell was born in Auckland in 1955 and grew up in Lower Hutt and Wellington, New Zealand. Campbell attended Hutt Valley High School, has a B.A. in English Literature from Victoria University of Wellington and is an acting graduate of Toi Whakaari: The New Zealand Drama School. She is a fourth generation Pakeha New Zealander.
Robert Kidston FRS (29 June 1852 - 13 July 1924) was a Scottish palaeobotanist. He studied botany at the University of Edinburgh and later studied the Rhynie chert and worked for the British Geological Survey.
Walker Blaine was born in Augusta, Maine on May 8, 1855, the son of James G. Blaine and Harriet (Stanwood) Blaine. In 1876, he graduated from Yale College, where he was a member of Skull and Bones. He then attended Columbia Law School, receiving a law degree.
Talib Rasul Hakim is an American composer. Born Stephen Alexander Chambers on February 8, 1940 in Asheville, North Carolina, he grew up playing music in school, studying clarinet, piano, and singing in church choir. He later studied music at the Manhattan School of Music, New York College of Music, and the New School for Social Research, New York. His teachers include Morton Feldman, Ornette Coleman, Margaret Bonds, Robert Starer, Hall Overton, Chou Wen-Chung, William Sydeman, Hale Smith, and Charles Whittenberg.
He was the nephew of the seven Foster brothers, all of whom played first-class cricket for Worcestershire. Like them, he was also educated at Malvern College but he did not show great potential at cricket there. His cousin Peter Foster played for Oxford and Kent, while another cousin (Christopher Foster) and his father William Greenstock also had short first-class careers.
John Howard Sanden (born 1935 in Austin, Texas) is an American portrait artist. He was the Art Director for the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association c.a. 1955-1970. He founded the Portrait Institute. Sanden was an instructor at The Art Students League of New York.
Hal Finney (born May 4, 1956) is a developer for PGP Corporation, and was the 2nd developer hired after Phil Zimmerman. In his early career, he is credited as lead developer on several console games (Adventures of Tron, Armor Ambush, Astroblast, Space Attack). He is a 1979 graduate of the California Institute of Technology, holding a BS in engineering.
Richard Dinnick (born on 22 January 1968) is a British writer, who has written for many media including novels, audio dramas, short stories and comic strips. He works in the science-fiction, fantasy and thriller genres. He has written for several SF franchises including Doctor Who, Stargate, Sapphire & Steel and Space 1889. He attended Middlesex University.
John Dear was born in Elizabeth City, North Carolina, USA on August 13, 1959. He graduated magna cum laude from Duke University, in Durham, North Carolina in 1981. He then worked for the Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Foundation in Washington, D.C.
Charles Knapp (22 June 1868--17 September 1936) was an American classical scholar, born in New York City. He graduated from Columbia University at age 19 and received a Doctorate of Philosophy (Ph.D.) in 1890 at 22 years of age. In 1906, he became a noted professor of Classical Philology at Barnard College, a women's liberal arts college affiliated with Columbia University.
Warren S. Brown is director of the Lee Edward Travis Research Institute at the Fuller Theological Seminary and Professor of Psychology in the Graduate School of Psychology. He is also a member of the UCLA Brain Research Institute. Dr. Brown received his doctorate in Experimental Physiological Psychology from the University of Southern California (1971). Prior to Fuller, Brown spent 11 years as a research scientist at the UCLA Brain Research Institute and was a founding member of the International Society for Science and Religion.
In 1933 Alexander Stolbov with his mother came to Leningrad. In 1939-1941 he studied in children's art studio. In 1945, after returning from evacuation he entered at the Leningrad Secondary Art School (now the Art Lyceum named after Boris Ioganson), where he studied of Natalya Podkovirina, Vasily Sokolov, Mikhail Kozell.
Carl Tolman was born in 1897 to American parents in the Northwest Territories of Canada and served with the Canadian Expeditionary Force in World War I. Serving on the Western Front, he was badly injured, taken prisoner by Germany in 1917, and not repatriated until after the war. When he finally returned home he earned a bachelor's degree in geology from the University of British Columbia and a master's degree in science and a Ph.D. in geology, both from Yale University. In 1927 as assistant professor at Washington University in St. Louis of geology, he was involved in geological explorations, detailed geographical mapping, and mineral deposit explorations with the Geological Survey of Canada. During World War II, he took a leave of absence from Washington University in St. Louis to serve as a mineral specialist with the Foreign Economic Administration in Washington, D.C.
Julian Simpson is a London-based writer and director working in film, TV and radio. He was educated at Felsted School.
Olive Tilford Dargan (1869--1968) was born on a farm in Kentucky. She was educated at the University of Nashville and Radcliffe College. She taught in Arkansas, Missouri, Texas and Canada before moving to the southern United States for health reasons. In 1898 she married Pegram Dargan of South Carolina. Tilford published a number of novels, dramas, and books of poetry. In 1916 she received the Southern Society of New York prize for the best book by a Southern writer, and in 1925 she was awarded the Belmont-Ward Fugitive Prize. Two novels published under the pseudonym Fielding Burke describe labor conditions in North Carolina mill towns. Dargan received an honorary degree in Literature from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1925.
Robert A. Baron is Professor of Management and the Spears Chair of Entrepeneurship at Oklahoma State University's Spears School of Business. He studied psychology at City University of New York and received his Ph.D. from the University of Iowa in 1968. He is co-author of the textbook Social Psychology (13th edition), published by Allyn & Bacon, as well as numerous other books (e.g., Behavior in Organizations, 9th edition) and journal articles. He is well known in social psychology for research on aggression and environmental factors in social behavior, and in management for his research on workplace aggression and entrepreneurship.
Sidney Smith, as he always called himself, was born into a military and naval family with connections to the Pitt family. He was the second son of Captain John Smith of the Guards, and was born at Westminster. Sidney Smith attended Tonbridge School until 1772. He joined the Royal Navy in 1777 and fought in the American Revolutionary War, where he saw action in 1778 against the American frigate Raleigh.
Onslow was the son of Colonel the Hon. Thomas Cranley Onslow and his wife Susannah Elizabeth Hillier, daughter of Nathaniel Hillier of Stoke Park Surrey. He was educated at Eton College and joined the Scots Fusilier Guards. He reached the rank of captain and also served in the 11th Regiment. He was a Deputy Lieutenant and J.P. for Lincolnshire and the East Riding of Yorkshire.
John Gilbert was born in Lockington, Leicestershire. His father was left a legacy which included Thurgarton Priory which he was allowed if he changed his name to Cooper. John Gilbert Cooper was educated locally and then at Westminster School. He completed his education at Trinity College, Cambridge. Cooper first published poetry in 1742 occasionally until he became a regular contributor to The Museum which was published by Robert Dodsley. His contributions to Dodsley's journal was under the nom de plume of Philaretes. Cooper's claim to notability comes from his prose, poetry and a public row he had with William Warburton. The row arose from a book he published on Socrates where his work ignored the established view of many including Warburton. Warburton responded to Cooper's 1749, Life of Socrates with an Essay on Criticism in 1751. Cooper unwisely accused Warburton of personal attack in Cursory Remarks on Mr Warburton's New Edition of Mr Pope's Works - it was unwise as he also made personal attacks on Warburton. Samuel Johnson later described Cooper as the Punchinello of literature.
Johannes Emil Gnudtzmann was born on 17 November 1837 in Copenhagen. He studied architecture at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts from 1859 to 1866 and at the College of Advanced Technology from 1862 to 1865, graduating from both institutions. At the Technical College, where he remained the only student ever to take the exam as an architect, he studied under Johan Daniel Herholdt and after his graduation became his assistant, working mainly on the Danish National Bank at Holmens Kanal. He also worked for Christian Hansen who had returned to Denmark in 1851 after many years in Athens. In 1871 he won a scholarship from the Academy and travelled to Germany, Austria and Italy where he was particularly struck by North Italian brick architecture.
Following the independence of Pakistan, Miangul Aurangzeb enrolled at the Pakistan Military Academy, Kakul in 1948. he was commissioned into the Guides Cavalry (11 Cavalry FF) of the Frontier Force Regiment.
Teams from California dominate at the collegiate level. In the United States, water polo players tend to have prestigious academic backgrounds as well. A number of players, including former USA team captain Wolf Wigo, who retired after Athens 2004, Jacqueline Frank DeLuca, bronze medal Olympic goalie, and international phenom Tony Azevedo attended Stanford University. The sport's most notable balancing act to date includes Omar Amr, who played on the US National Team while attending Harvard Medical School and recovering from a near career ending knee injury in 2001.
Thomas Edward Scrutton was born in London, UK. He studied as a scholar at Trinity College, Cambridge, then at University College London. After an outstanding academic career he developed a busy practice in commercial cases, and wrote The Contract of Affreightment as Expressed in Charter-parties and Bills of Lading (1886). Over a century later, this is still the standard text, while several of his other legal works remain useful. He was a judge of the King's Bench Division (1910--16) and of the Court of Appeal (1916--34). He frequently sat in the Court of Appeal with Bankes and Atkin LJJ, a combination which has often been cited as one of the strongest benches in commercial cases. On the criminal side he presided over the celebrated 1915 `` Brides -in-the-Bath '' trial of George Joseph Smith, and made a crucial ruling on `` similar fact evidence'' : Smith was charged with murdering only one of his recent brides by drowning her in the bath, but Scrutton ruled that the fact that two of his other brides had died in almost identical circumstances was admissible as evidence of a method or pattern of murder.
He born in Baltimore, Maryland at the southeast corner of Pratt and High streets, on July 29, 1838. He was educated at Loyola College in Maryland, Baltimore, and Mount St. Mary's College, Emmitsburg, Maryland. After working in the dry goods business and as a clerk in the transportation department of the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Company, he joined the Confederate army at the beginning of the Civil War. He was captured in October 1864 and held as a prisoner at Point Lookout until the close of the war. In February 1866, he founded the ``Kernan Enterprises,'' a combination hotel and Rathskeller connected to the Maryland Theater and Auditorium Theater. During his lifetime he founded a hospital now known as the James Lawrence Kernan Hospital. Near the end of his life he operated a Yiddish theater in the building now known as the Hendler Creamery. He died at the Hotel Kernan in 1912.
Marjorie Merryman (born 1951) is an American composer, author, and music educator. Currently, she is Dean of Academic Affairs at the Manhattan School of Music, where she is also a member of the composition faculty. She previously taught at Boston University and Macalester College.
The son of a minor canon at Windsor Castle who was later the vicar of Nether Stowey in Somerset, Hugh Tapsfield was educated at Bradfield College and at Magdalen College, Oxford University. He played cricket primarily as an opening bowler and lower-order batsman and featured in trial matches for Oxford University in 1889, 1891 and 1892; despite taking wickets in all of these matches, he did not play first-class cricket for the full Oxford side. His only first-class cricket appearance was, in fact, for Somerset against Oxford in 1892; Tapsfield batted in the lower order, scored 0 and 1 and was not called upon to bowl. As a student he was also involved with the Oxford University Dramatic Society in a production of The Frogs that was reviewed in The Times.
George A. Peapples was born on November 6, 1940 in Benton Harbor, Michigan. He was educated at the University of Michigan, receiving a B.A. in Economics in 1962 and an M.B.A. in Finance in 1963.
Mercedes Valdivieso (March 1, 1924--August 3, 1993) was a Chilean writer, known since her earliest writings for the subversive nature of her texts. She first wrote La Brecha (``Breakthrough'') in 1961, which is considered to be the first feminist Latin-American novel. This novel caused dismay from the reactionary segment of society and loud applause from the critics and is considered a revolutionary departure from the traditional treatment of the feminine role in marriage. ``Breakthrough'' is a novel that ends with the heroine awareness that she didn't really need to depend upon a man in order to lead a fulfilling life. The book enjoyed an unexpected publishing success and went through five consecutive editions. Mercedes Valdivieso had the extreme audacity to become an innovator; she bridged the gap between romantic and domestic fiction in a society where women have been viewed as a sexless gender, icons of virtue, and depending on men to meet the necessities of life. Valdivieso also was founder and director of ``Adan'' a Men's Magazine, she published articles in newspapers and magazines and she gave many lectures and speeches. She taught literature at the University of Peking, at the University of Houston, at Stephen F. Austin State University in Nacogdoches,at University of St. Thomas in Houston and she was a Professor Emeritus at Rice University.
Pascal Le Deunff obtained a Master Degree in International Economy and a Doctorate in Economics at the University of Paris (Nanterre). From 1981 to 1984, Mr. Le Deunff was a professor of Economics at the University of Paris. In 1985 and 1986, he taught Economics at the French Lycée of Montevideo, Uruguay.
Walter Horace Bruford was born in Manchester in 1894. He was educated at Manchester Grammar School and then he studied at St. John's College, Cambridge, and also at the University of Zurich, Switzerland. During World War I he served with the Royal Navy cryptographic Intelligence Division in Room 40 at the Admiralty. After the war he did some research at Zurich and then in 1920 became a Lecturer in German at Aberdeen University, and then Reader in 1923. Bruford was then Professor of German at the University of Edinburgh, 1929--1951, though was seconded to the Foreign Office during World War II, 1939--1943, to work at Bletchley Park. From 1951 he was Schröder Professor of German at the University of Cambridge until 1961. His publications include Sound and Symbol with Professor J. J. Findlay, Germany in the Eighteenth Century, Die Gesellschaftlichen Grundlagen der Goethezeit, Chekhov and his Russia, Literary Interpretation in Germany and many more. He lived at Abbey St. Bathans, Duns, Berwickshire. Professor Walter Horace Bruford died in 1988.
Dr. Elizabeth Warrington received her PhD in visual processing from the University College London in the 1950s. She worked for a time as the Head of Department of Neuropsychology at the National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery in London, England. She is currently an emeritus professor of clinical neuropsychology for the University College London, specifically in the UCL Institute of Neurology. She is a member of the Dementia Research Centre associated with the University College London. Her research has focused on cognitive abilities, specifically the neurological basis of cognitive abilities, how the neural networks in the human brain work to perceive, remember, and talk about objects and events. She has participated in work on defining the differences between semantic memory and episodic memory which led to her identification of a new form of dementia, semantic dementia. She has published numerous tests and case studies and her work in these studies has been focused on diagnosing brain injuries. The tests she has developed can be used to help identify numerous types of brain damage including dementia, Alzheimer's disease, and brain injuries resulting from a stroke. Her tests may also be used to track the recovery of these patients and to plan rehabilitation programs for them.
He was born from the liaison of Paolina Bergamaschi, a nurse, with Stefano Bissolati, a priest who left the Church in 1859, at age 37, and later became director of Cremona's city library and a noted scholar. At birth the child was named Leonida Bergamaschi; his name was changed at age 18, when Stefano Bissolati legally adopted him (after marrying Paolina in 1868, five years after she had become a widow). With this family background, Leonida Bissolati naturally was a leftist already as a student at the University of Bologna, where he earned his law degree at age 20. Returning to Cremona, he practiced law as an attorney and published many articles in journals and newspapers. In 1876 he was elected to the City Council of Cremona, at first in the ranks of the Radicals, then gradually moving closer to the Socialists. He served for 18 years, notably by being in charge of Public Education. He married Ginevra Coggi, who soon fell chronically illand died in 1894; later, his soulmate and companion was Carolina Cassola, whom he eventually married in 1913.
Jason Offutt is a journalism instructor at Northwest Missouri State University and paranormal investigator.
Andrew Slack attended school at Villanova College, Coorparoo, Queensland. He played his club rugby with Brisbane Souths and made his Queensland state debut against a Combined Services side, as a five-eighth at age 19 in 1975 before switching to centre for the rest of his stellar career.
In 2006 mayoral elections, 29-year-old Eduardo Garcia became the city's youngest mayor ever. Garcia was a lifelong Coachella resident and a 1995 graduate of Coachella Valley High School. He attended the College of the Desert in Palm Desert, California.
John Sanborn Phillips (1861 -- 1949) attended Knox College in Illinois where he worked on the student newspaper. He met S. S. McClure there and the two went on to found the famous McClure's Magazine in 1893 where he was co-editor.
While studying education at Ithaca College in New York, Brignola and some of his fellow students made a recording, which won a Down Beat Magazine award for the best college group of the year. The award afforded the group of young musicians many opportunities including the recording of an album as well as performance at various festivals, and a performance at the Café Bohemia in Greenwich Village. In the Down Beat critics poll he was labeled a ``new star.'' The newfound fame landed Nick Brignola with the Benny Goodman Scholarship to the prestigious Berklee College of Music in Boston, Massachusetts. During his time at Berklee he did a recording with legendary professor and musician Herb Pomeroy and forged relationships with life long musical friends including Dick Berk. Nick did not have a long stay at Berklee though. His popularity launched him into the music scene and lead him to gig with many well established musicians.
Daniel Gordis was born on July 5, 1959, in New York City. Gordis received his B.A. from Columbia University (magna cum laude), a master's degree and rabbinic ordination from the Jewish Theological Seminary of America, and his Ph.D. from the University of Southern California. He immigrated to Israel in 1998. From 1998-2007, he worked at the Mandel Foundation and the Mandel Leadership Institute in Jerusalem. He joined the Shalem Center in 2007 and was appointed President of the Shalem Foundation in 2011.
Scott Galyon (born March 23, 1974) is a former NFL linebacker who grew up in Seymour, TN where he played football, basketball and baseball at Seymour High School. He signed a football scholarship to play linebacker for the University of Tennessee during his senior year.
Nick Howell (born October 10, 1986) is an American football offensive tackle for the Sacramento Mountain Lions of the United Football League. He was signed by the Tennessee Titans as an undrafted free agent in 2010. He played college football at University of Southern California.
Jerome earned a basketball scholarship at the University of Tennessee under former Vol head coach Wade Houston, and competed on the Buy.com golf tour. Jennifer studied at Spelman College in Atlanta, Georgia.
Andrew Barnabas (born May 1973, Croydon, Greater London, England) is a video game music composer. He studied at the University of Leeds where he earned a B.A. (Hons) in Popular Music Studies. In the late 1980s and early 1990s, Barnabas composed MOD music as ``Nightshade'' in the demogroup Crusaders.
Michael McIntosh is a former Shakespeare professor turned freelance writer. In the course of 30-odd years, he has written 29 books about guns, sporting and wildlife art, natural history and travel including three volumes of Shotguns and Shooting, Best Guns, A.H. Fox, Wild Things and Traveler's Tales. His articles, too many to count, have been published in every sporting magazine in the United States and Britain. He has been a Sporting Classics columnist for the past 25 years and also serves as shooting editor for Shooting Sportsman. His first novel The Dogmen, published in 2009, is about tracking down and stopping dogfighting. McIntosh was born and raised in Ottumwa, Iowa, and graduated from Ottumwa High School. He received a bachelor's degree in English from Iowa Wesleyan College, a master's from the University of Iowa, and studied at Princeton University and UCLA. Those left to cherish his memory are his wife, Connie Cross of Pella; his step-children: Aaron Cross of St. Cloud, Minnesota, Jason Cross of St. Cloud, Minnesota and Bethany Wyatt of Missouri. ``... Home is the sailor, home from the sea, And the hunter home from the hill.'' ``Requiem'' by Robert Louis Stevenson
Arnold Bresky was born during the Great Depression in Brooklyn, NY and was an only child. His parents were immigrants from Poland. From 1956 to 1959 Bresky took summer jobs as a comedian, singer and dancer in the Borscht Belt entertaining hotel guests in the resorts of the Catskill Mountains with such future stars as Jackie Mason and Steven Lawrence. He graduated magna cum laude from Brooklyn College with a Bachelor of Science degree in Physics and Mathematics in June 1961. Bresky's undergraduate studies included psychology from a protégé of Abraham Maslow. He attended medical school at Albert Einstein College of Medicine in Bronx, NY where he graduated in 1965. He did his internship at UCLA and his residency at Kaiser Hospital in Hollywood, CA.
Gerald Flurry graduated from Ambassador College, Pasadena, California, in 1970 and became a minister with the Worldwide Church of God (WCG) in 1973. In 1975 he was transferred to Pasco, Washington. Eventually he transferred to Oklahoma in 1985. During the three years after Herbert Armstrong's death in 1986, WCG made several doctrinal changes that Flurry objected to as doctrinally false. He began to make known his opposition to these changes and produced a manuscript that would become the book, Malachi's Message to God's Church Today. These events led to his being summoned by WCG leaders to appear before them, where Flurry was fired from the WCG on December 7, 1989. From 1992 onwards he has taught that this booklet is the 'little book' of Revelation 10.
Robert D. Cess is professor emeritus of atmospheric sciences at Stony Brook University. He earned his bachelor of science degree in mechanical engineering from Oregon State University and his masters degree from Purdue University in Indiana in 1956. Cess received a Ph.D. from the University of Pittsburgh in 1959. He is a recognized leader in the fields of climate change and atmospheric radiation transfer. His research interest involve modeling of climate feedbacks that can either amplify or diminish global climate change, and interpreting surface and satellite remote sensing data.
A resident of Bloomfield, Crecco attended Seton Hall University, majoring in Marketing and Montclair State College, where she majored in Liberal Arts. She worked professionally as President and Accounting Executive of Marion Crecco Associates. She served as a delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1984, 1988 and 1996.
Qassim Afzal (born 1960 in Manchester, Lancashire, England) is a Liberal Democrat politician. He was educated at the University of Salford, the University of Central Lancashire, the University of Manchester, the Manchester Metropolitan University.
Max Schott (12 February 1935 -- ) is a writer of stories and essays. He was raised in Southern California. He received his Bachelor's in Animal Husbandry from University of California, Davis and his Master's in English from the University of California, Santa Barbara. He was a lecturer in Literature for more than 30 years at the College of Creative Studies at UCSB.
Polly Elwes, born Mary Freya Elwes (29 February 1928 -- 15 July 1987), was a BBC Television in-vision announcer from 1957 to 1960. She attended the Central School of Speech and Drama, now a part of the University of London.
Veniamin Margolin started to play the trumpet at the age of 11 years old. Since 1944 to 1947 he played at the Kirov Orchestra (nowadays it is known as Mariinsky Orchestra) despite of the fact that he had not got higher musical education by that time. In 1952 he graduated from the Saint Petersburg Conservatory, where he studied with professors Alexander Schmidt and Mikhail Vetrov. In 1947 Margolin became a trumpeter of the Leningrad Philharmonic Orchestra under Yevgeny Mravinsky. He was an important part of the classic era of Leningrad Philharmonic of the Fifties, Sixties and the Seventies as well as some other renowned brass soloists: horn player Vitaly Buyanovsky, trombonist Akim Kozlov, etc. Since 1988 until his death he was a professor of trumpet at the Saint Petersburg Conservatory. Margolin was also an amateur poet. Several books of his lyrics have been published. Veniamin Margolin died on on March 19, 2009 the at the age of 87. He was buried at the Smolensky Cemetery in St. Petersburg.
John Beal was born in Santa Monica, California, raised in La Cañada Flintridge, California, graduated from John Muir High School (Pasadena, California), where he was honored for having written many of the drum cadences for the school's internationally renowned Drum Corps, which are still used more than 40 years after his graduation. In the 1976 Rose Parade, the UCLA Marching Band incorporated his cadence ``JB'' into their cadences He was named to their Hall of Fame in 2008. He attended San Diego State University and, after serving in the United States Marine Corps, attended UCLA. He studied percussion with William Kraft and Bernie Mattinson, and drums with Irv Cotler (drummer for Frank Sinatra), composition with Harry Partch scholar Danlee Mitchell, synthesizers with Clark Spangler, and film scoring with Dominic Frontiere, George Duning, Buddy Baker, Fred Werner, Eddy Lawrence Manson and Earle Hagen. In his early film career, and like many of the young composers of the day, he ghost wrote the scores for numerous major motion pictures and hit television shows and orchestrated and supervised the recording sessions for many others.
Morris Beckman was born in the north-eastern London Borough of Hackney. He attended Hackney Downs School. In 1939, when World War II started, he tried to enlist in the Royal Air Force to become a pilot, but was turned down and signed up for the Merchant Navy as a radio officer.
Ernest Gellhorn (1935-2005) was an American academic and legal scholar. He graduated from the University of Minnesota, the University of Minnesota Law School, and was a Guggenheim fellow. An expert on administrative and antitrust law, Gellhorn held a number of academic appointments, including Dean of Law in three universities: (Arizona State University, Case Western Reserve University, and the University of Washington). Additionally, he was Boyd Professor of Law at the University of Virginia, Foundation Professor of Law at George Mason University, and Professor of Law at Duke University.
Warren Spragg was educated at Audenshaw School, he then went on to Kirkham Grammar School. He played for the school rugby union first XV in 1999/00 and 2000/01 when the school side went unbeaten.
Birkett is one of 10 children on Chicago's West side. His father died when he was 13. He attended St. Phillip High School, and Aurora Central Catholic High School where he was football team captain and Most Valuable Player. He went on to attend North Central College, where he earned a B.A. in Political Science and English in 1977. He received his Juris Doctor from John Marshall Law School in 1981, where he placed first in the Intramural Moot Court Competition.
Samuel Acton (c. 1773 -- January 1837), an English architect, surveyor and artist, was born c.1773, presumably in London, England. He was the nephew and pupil of Nathaniel Wright, a London carpenter and surveyor, and entered the Royal Academy Schools in 1790. Acton studied at the Academy for at least four years, taking their silver medal in 1794, and exhibited there from 1791 to 1802.
Steve Hall was born in the city of Newcastle upon Tyne, UK on April 5th, 1955 and raised in the nearby town of Consett, County Durham. Before embarking upon an academic career in 1988, in the 1970s he was a jobbing soul/blues musician, and in the 1980s he ran rehabilitation projects for young offenders in County Durham, UK, a former coal-mining and heavy industrial area that suffered multiple social problems as it was deindustrialized as part of a process of neoliberal economic restructuring by the Thatcher government. He graduated from Northumbria University with first-class Honours in Sociology in 1991. He was awarded his PhD in 2006.
Born in Melbourne, Australia, and of Scandinavian and Dutch ancestry, Clark was educated at Mont Albert Central School and the Presbyterian Ladies' College in East Melbourne. Her father was Augustin Lodewyckx, the Associate Professor of Germanic languages at Melbourne University, and her mother - Anna Sophia (née Hansen) - also taught Swedish at Melbourne University. Clark finished Presbyterian Ladies College early (aged 15) and spent time at school in Munich, with her mother, in 1933. Returning to Melbourne, she studied languages at Melbourne University to honours level. It was at university that she met Manning Clark. In 1938 she travelled to Bonn on a scholarship to undertake doctoral studies in German literature. She was there when Kristallnacht occurred, however, she left soon after with the increasing threat of war. She met Manning Clark in Oxford, marrying him there on 31 January 1939, and they ultimately had 6 children. She taught at Blundell's School in Devon in the first year of her marriage and they returned to Australia in 1940.
A. A. Ewing was an American football player and coach. He served as the second head football coach at Northwestern University, coaching one season in 1894 and compiling a record of 4--5. This ranks him 20th at Northwestern in total wins and 15th at Northwestern in winning percentage. Ewing attended classes at the University of Chicago in 1894 while he was coach at Northwestern and also played for the Chicago Maroons football team that season.
Lloyd Hustvedt was born and raised in the Sogn Valley in Goodhue County, Minnesota. Hustvedt finished his B.A. degree at St. Olaf College with a major in Norwegian. Hustvedt received his M.A. degree from the University of Minnesota and earned his Ph.D. degree in Scandinavian Studies from the University of Wisconsin.
Polly Granzow (born September 29, 1941) is the Iowa State Representative from the 44th District. She has served in the Iowa House of Representatives since 2002. She received her BA from the University of Iowa and her MA from the University of Northern Iowa.
Strings is a 2011 American dramatic thriller film about a musician who discovers his therapist manipulates patients into committing crimes. The film was written, produced, and directed by Mark Dennis and was produced and directed by Ben Foster on a budget of $65,000. Dennis and Foster graduated from the University of Texas at Austin with degrees in Radio/TV/Film and are both musicians. Strings is of note for its extremely low budget, high production value, complex narrative, music-related plot devices, and its unknown cast and crew who have garnered major awards at film festivals across the United States.
Steven Fales first trained at the Boston Conservatory on scholarship and after serving a two-year mission for the LDS Church in Portugal transferred to Brigham Young University where he received his BFA in musical theatre. He received his MFA in acting from the University of Connecticut. He has further trained at The American Comedy Institute and has studied privately with acting coach Larry Moss.
Joel Rivera was born to Ivine Galarza and Jose Rivera. Rivera attended New York Military Academy, a private boarding school.
Norval Morris was born in 1923 in Auckland, New Zealand. He served in the Australian army in World War II. He earned LL.B. and LL.M. degrees at the University of Melbourne. He received his Ph.D. in law and criminology in 1949 and was appointed to the Faculty of Law at the London School of Economics.
He studied at Bishop Moore College, Mavelikkara for the Pre-degree and at N. S. S. College, Pandalam, for his degree (in Mathematics) and Institute of English, University of Kerala for post-graduation in English Language and Literature. A voracious reader in Malayalam and English, Narendra Prasad distinguished himself as a potential man of letters even as a degree student. He used to take part in the Malayalam and English literary discussions, debates and competitions organised at the college and university levels, and won prizes.
On 6 May 1954, Roger Bannister, a 25 year old medical student, ran the first authenticated four-minute mile at the Iffley Road running track in Oxford. Although he had previously studied at Oxford University, Bannister was studying at St Mary's Hospital Medical School in London at the time.
P. Paul Minieri(b.1915 -2001), a graduate from New York University, was one of their most successful scientists. Minieri's contribution to organic chemistry was first established while attending graduate school and working under the guidance of Professor John J. Ritter, he authored a thesis that later became the foundation for the Ritter reaction. Ritter triggered enthusiasm that enabled the highly gifted Minieri to embark upon a very successful scientific career.
Arthur Blank was born to a Jewish family, in Flushing, New York, with his father, Max, his mother, Molly, and his older brother, Michael. Blank graduated from Stuyvesant High School in New York City and went on to attend Babson College, where he graduated in 3 years in 1963 with a B.S. degree in Business Administration and accounting. He also received an honorary degree from Furman University, where the Falcons held training camp until 2005
Leslie Jensen was born in Hot Springs, South Dakota. In 1916 and 1917, he was a Second Lieutenant in the South Dakota National Guard 4th Infantry Regiment during the 1916 Mexican border expedition. He was a Captain with the American Expeditionary Forces from 1917 to 1919. He received an LL.B. degree from the University of South Dakota in 1921. From 1922 until 1934 he was a collector for the Internal Revenue Service. He became president and general manager of the People's Telephone and Telegraph Company.
Dr. Brian McKevitt earned his BA in Psychology (1994) from Boston College and his M.S. (Educational Psychology, 1999) and Doctorate (Educational Psychology, 2001) from the University of Wisconsin-Madison. Stephen N. Elliott, professor at Arizona State University, was Dr. McKevitt's advisor and professor while he earned his Ph.D.
William was the son of Sir John Glynne, the Lord Chief Justice during the Commonwealth. He was educated at Jesus College, Oxford, taking his degree in 1656, and represented Caernarfon in the Third Protectorate Parliament. Both Sir John and his son went over to the cause of Charles II at the Restoration. William was again returned for Caernarfon during the Convention Parliament, and was subsequently created a baronet, of Bisseter, Oxfordshire, on 20 May 1661.
Etchu Tabe (b. 12 July 1986 in Buea, Cameroon) is an American football (soccer) player who currently plays in Veikkausliiga side RoPS. At 14, Tabe attended Baldwin High School (Milledgeville, Georgia) after moving to Georgia from Buea, Cameroon where his father was a professional football (soccer) player. According to his home page, Tabe holds dual (United States/Cameroon) citizenship.
On the faculty of The Ohio State University, Noyes is an Associate Professor affiliated with the Departments of English, Comparative Studies, and Anthropology. She is the Director of the Center for Folklore Studies and is affiliated with the Mershon Center for International Security Studies. She earned her B.A. in English at Indiana University (Bloomington) (1983) and her M.A (1987) and Ph.D. (1992) degrees in the Department of Folklore and Folklife at the University of Pennsylvania. At Penn, her doctoral advisor was Roger D. Abrahams. She is particularly well known for her studies of Catalonia and for her concurrent engagement with the historical, literary, and anthropological orientations that characterize the field of folklore studies (folkloristics).
The Harvard Five was a group of architects that settled in New Canaan, Connecticut in the 1940s: John M. Johansen, Marcel Breuer, Landis Gores, Philip Johnson and Eliot Noyes. Marcel Breuer was an instructor at the Harvard Graduate School of Design, while Gores, Johansen, Johnson and Noyes were students there.
General Charles H. Jacoby, Jr., USA is an American Army officer who is currently serving as the fifth Commander, United States Northern Command (USNORTHCOM) and the 22nd Commander, North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD). Jacoby is the first Army officer to assume command of Northern Command. He previously served as the Director for Strategic Plans and Policy, The Joint Staff. He assumed his current assignment on August 3, 2011. A 1978 graduate of the United States Military Academy, General Jacoby attended the Infantry Officer Basic and Advanced courses, the Army Command and General Staff College, the School of Advanced Military Studies, and the National War College. He has a master's degree in History from the University of Michigan.
Greg McDermott (born November 25, 1964 in Cascade, Iowa) is the current Creighton University Bluejays men's basketball head coach. He left Iowa State University as the head basketball coach in Ames, Iowa. He took the job at Iowa State University as of March 21, 2006. McDermott is a graduate of the United States Sports Academy. At Northern Iowa, McDermott led the Panthers to the NCAA tournament his final three years. His first and only win over a ranked team at Iowa State came on March 6, 2010, against the #5 Kansas State Wildcats. In four years at Iowa State, he never reached the postseason. On April 26, 2010, Greg McDermott left Iowa State to become the head coach at Creighton University in Omaha, Neb. The contract with Creighton was a reported 10 year deal, worth 9 million dollars.
Mitch Harper is a graduate of Indiana University and the Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of Law. He was selected by the Council of State Governments as a Toll Fellow in the first year of that program.
In 1992, he married Sarah Whitehead Dudley, a graduate of Columbia University and a freelance writer. She is the daughter of James Chittenden Dudley, a managing partner of Dudley and Company, a Manhattan-based investment management firm and a geologist and Elisabeth Claypool. James and Elisabeth established the Highstead Arboretum in Redding, Connecticut. George and Sarah were the parents of twin daughters, Laura Dudley Plimpton and Olivia Hartley Plimpton.
Jagdish Narain Sapru was born on November 16, 1933 in Allahabad (in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh) to a Kashmiri Hindu family. He was educated at the Allahabad University where he achieved an M.A. in Economics.
Judith Black is a professional storyteller, who has toured internationally, telling stories to a wide ranging audience in the United States and Europe. She has produced thirteen CDs, and won a variety of awards, such as the coveted Oracle Award. Her work has been featured in venues such as the Smithsonian Institution and the Montreal Comedy Festival, and has appeared several times at the National Storytelling Festival. In addition she has produced a variety of seminars and workshops for storytellers. Judith Black studied education at Wheelock College, and drama at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art. She has also worked as an actress and founded the Three Apples Storytelling Foundation.
Ludwig Schwarz was the first of nine children and grew up in Most pri Bratislave. After the expulsion of his family from Slovakia in 1945, he arrived in Vienna, where he attended primary school. He attended a Gymnasium in Vienna for a time, but switched to the Salesian school in Ebreichsdorf-Unterwaltersdorf at the age of fourteen. In June 1959, he sat for the Matura exams and subsequently joined the order of the Salesians of Don Bosco. He was assigned a two-year teaching practicum; for the first year he served as a general assistant in Ebreichsdorf, and the second at the Schülerheim Vinzentinum in Klagenfurt.
Bonnie ``Sim-sin'' HeavyRunner grew up on the Blackfeet Indian Reservation in Browning, Montana. She grew up with her parents, Gene and Gertie HeavyRunner, and 12 brothers and sisters. Both of her parents were taken from their tribes in Montana and educated in boarding schools in Kansas and Pennsylvania before returning to Montana. She received her law degree from the University of Montana before becoming the director of the Native American Studies department. She battled ovarian cancer for over five years before she died in 1997, a year after Native American Studies became available as a major on the University of Montana campus.
Pender (he assumed the additional name of Denison, his mother's maiden name, in 1890) was the third son of Sir John Pender, the founder of the Eastern Telegraph Company. His elder half-brother Sir James Pender, 1st Baronet (from Sir John Pender's first marriage) was the first chairman of Eastman Kodak (UK). John was educated at Eton College and in 1878 joined his father's company. He joined the board in 1881 and became managing director in 1893 and also deputy chairman in 1896.
Gerhard Schedl was born in Vienna and began composing during his childhood. In 1976 he began his professional studies with Erich Urbanner at the University of Music and Performing Arts, Vienna. He graduated with distinction in 1980. He taught at Dr. Hoch's Konservatorium from 1981 to 2000. Schedl had early success with his music dramatic works including his oratorio Der Großinquisitor (The Grand Inquisitor) and his opera for children Der Schweinehirt (The Swineherd).
Although born in Hartford, Connecticut, Alfred Terry's family quickly moved to New Haven, where he spent most of his childhood. Terry graduated from the Hopkins School in New Haven in 1838. After attending Yale Law School in 1848, Terry became a lawyer and was appointed clerk of the Superior Court of New Haven County.
Lloyd Langford (born circa 1983) is a Welsh comedian and comedy writer. He is originally from Baglan, Neath Port Talbot and currently lives in London. He studied film and television at University of Warwick and regularly was MC at Warwick Comedy's weekly Sunday night stand-up show.
Anita Madden (February 3, 1933 - ), an American sportswoman, leader in the thoroughbred industry's high society and activist in political and economic issues in Kentucky. She was born Anita K. Myers to Orella Ferguson (? - January 22, 1999) in Ashland, Kentucky. Anita grew up as a ``tom-boy.'' She played sports while in high school such as basketball and cheerleading while also being involved with the drama club. From there she attended Western Kentucky University for two years before transferring to the University of Kentucky in 1952. There she met Preston West Madden (July 24, 1934 - ) of Lexington, heir and grandson of horse-breeder John Madden. The two dated and then married in 1955. Nine years later the Maddens`` only child Patrick Winchester Madden was born. Patrick attended Stanford University then earned a law degree at the University of Kentucky.
With many early evidences of literary capacity and political aptitude, Blaine graduated at Washington College (now Washington and Jefferson College) in nearby Washington, Pennsylvania, in 1847, where he was a member of the Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity (Theta chapter). Subsequently, Blaine taught at the Western Military Institute in Blue Lick Springs, Kentucky, and from 1852 to 1854, he taught at the Pennsylvania Institution for the Blind in Philadelphia. During this period, also, he studied law. Blaine married Harriet Stanwood on June 30, 1850. The couple had numerous children, including sons James G. Blaine, Jr. and Walker Blaine.
Renee is well known the 7th-most frequently cited article in Journal of Communication, which is one of the most prestigious academic journals in the world that publishes research on communication. You can find her published work on the International Communication Association website., In 1999 Botta contributed an article called; 'Television images and adolescent girls' body image disturbance' in the Journal of Communication. The article talks about the impact the media has had on people's view of body image as well as studies that Botta has done on eating disorders. Then in 2003 while at Cleveland State University Botta was a part of the Fulbright Program, which is an International education exchange program. She taught at the University of Zambia and conducted research on how people communicate about AIDS in their everyday life. Currently Renee Botta is the chair and Associate Professor in the Department of Media, Film & Journalism Studies at the University of Denver. Renee Botta's primary areas of expertise include health communication, communication campaigns, health and media effects, and international heath communication. She is also highly qualified in many other areas, which include but are not limited to: advertising, broadcast media, social psychology, human communication, women's issues, health and wellness, and the sanitation and hygiene in Africa. Renee Botta has made contributions to the book Taking a Bite Out of Crime The Impact of the National Citizens Crime Prevention Media Campaign which goes over topics such as crime prevention scholars, law enforcement practitioners, and media experts, and focuses on examining the power of the media to influence people's attitudes and behaviors.
Tre'Von Willis (January 11, 1988) is basketball player for the UNLV Rebels mens basketball team. He transferred to UNLV from Memphis.
Greimas's father Julius Greimas, a teacher and later school inspector, was from Liudvinavas in the Suvalkija region. His mother Konstancija, née Mickevičiūtė (Mickevičius), a secretary, was from Kalvarija. They lived in Tula, Russia, when he was born and returned with him to Lithuania when he was two years old. His baptismal names are Algirdas Julius, he used the French version of his middle name, Julien, while he lived abroad. He did not speak another language than Lithuanian until preparatory middle school where he started with German and then French, which opened the door for his early philosophical readings in high school -- Friedrich Nietzsche and Arthur Schopenhauer. After attending schools in several towns, as his family moved, and finishing Rygiškių Jono High School in Marijampolė in 1934, he studied law at Vytautas Magnus University, Kaunas, and then drifted toward linguistics at the University of Grenoble, from which he graduated in 1939 with a paper on Franco-Provençal dialects. He hoped to focus next on early medieval linguistics (substrate toponyms in the Alps), but the beginning of World War II returned him to Lithuania for military service, where he then taught, worked as an editor, and published literary reviews and essays on culture. In 1944 he enrolled for graduate study at the Sorbonne in Paris and specialized in lexicography, namely taxonomies of exact, interrelated definitions. He wrote a thesis on the vocabulary of fashion (a topic later popularized by Roland Barthes), for which he received a PhD in 1949.
Michael Puk Sun Tien (, born 1950 in Hong Kong with family roots in Shanghai) is deputy chairman of New People's Party, and the member of Tsuen Wan District Council. He is founder of The G2000 Group and the former chairman of the board of the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation (KCRC). He joined the Liberal Party in 2008, a party led by his elder brother, James Tien, a member of Legislative Council of Hong Kong. His personal website was launched on 25 April 2008. He is a graduate of Worcester Academy.
David Frederick Wertz was an American Bishop of the United Methodist Church, elected in 1968. He was born in 1916 in Lewistown, Pennsylvania. He graduated from Newport High School. He earned a Bachelor's degree from Dickinson College, Carlisle, Pennsylvania in 1937. He earned a Master's degree and a doctoral degree in theology from Boston University in 1939 and 1940, respectively.
Born in Halifax, Nova Scotia. David received his B.A. from Dalhousie University in 1981. He then received his LL.B. in 1984, also from Dalhousie. David was admitted to the Nova Scotia Bar in 1985.
Sean Estrada (born May 23, 1985 in Orange, California) is an American football guard and center who played for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League. He was originally signed by the 49ers as an undrafted free agent in 2007. He played college football at Pennsylvania. He attended Servite High School and graduated in 2003.
This Side of Paradise is the debut novel of F. Scott Fitzgerald. Published in 1920, and taking its title from a line of the Rupert Brooke poem Tiare Tahiti, the book examines the lives and morality of post-World War I youth. Its protagonist, Amory Blaine, is an attractive Princeton University student who dabbles in literature. The novel explores the theme of love warped by greed and status-seeking.
In early 2005, Hannu Norjanen started as choir's artistic leader and as headmaster of Cantores Minores musical institute. Norjanen has also sung in Cantores Minores as a boy. He has studied choral and orchestral conducting Sibelius Academy in which he graduated as conductor.
Fuller Maitland was born at 90 Gloucester Place, Portman Square, London, the son of John Fuller Maitland and his wife Marianne (née Noble). He attended Westminster School for three terms, but for most of his childhood he was educated privately, including musical instruction. Starting in 1875, he studied at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he was active in the Cambridge University Musical Society. There he became friends with Charles Villiers Stanford and William Barclay Squire, whose sister Charlotte he married in 1885. He had intended to follow a career in the Church of England but decided to instead to pursue a career in music. After leaving Cambridge he studied the piano with Edward Dannreuther and other aspects of music with W. S Rockstro who encouraged him to explore early polyphonic music.
Nora Slatkin was educated at Lehigh University (B.A. in International Relations, 1977) and Georgetown University (M.S. in Foreign Policy, 1979).
The politically and emotionally charged ``Echo,'' a song by Bernice Johnson Reagon of the all-female, African-American a cappella group Sweet Honey in the Rock, is the powerful centerpiece to the album. Carrington's arrangement for the song, which came together a couple years ago to celebrate the honorary doctorate that Reagon received from Berklee College of Music in 2009, opens with a thought provoking introduction by civil rights activist Angela Davis, then moves into a stirring vocal feature by Dianne Reeves. ``Bernice was a major influence on my development as a young woman in the late ''80s, as was Dianne and Angela, and I wanted to pay tribute to them because their music, activism, friendship and humanity were all strong influences on me personally. ''
Lee was born at Melrose, Roxburghshire in 1793, the second son of John Lee, an agriculturist. He was educated at Galashiels, chiefly by the Reverend Robert Balmer, until in 1806, at age thirteen, he went to the University of Edinburgh, from which he graduated MD in 1814. After his graduation he was appointed Physician's Clerk to James Hamilton, Professor of Midwifery at the University of Edinburgh, a position he relinquished in 1817.
Albert W. Johnson was born in Smethport, Pennsylvania. He attended the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania from 1926 to 1929. He was a member of the Smethport Borough Council from 1933 to 1934. He received his LL.B. from the John B. Stetson University Law School in Deland, FL, in 1938. He became a member of the Pennsylvania State House of Representatives from 1947 to 1963 and served as majority whip in the 1951 session, and minority whip in the 1955 session. He was the majority leader in the 1953, 1957, and 1963 sessions, and the minority leader in the 1959 and 1961 sessions.
James Robson received his BA in religious studies from the University of California, Santa Barbara in 1987, and thereafter studied in China, Japan, and Taiwan for several years before pursuing his PhD at Stanford University. After completing his doctorate in 2002, he worked at Williams College from 2002--2004, and University of Michigan from 2004--2008, where he received tenure in 2008. Robson became a Harvard faculty in 2008. His recent book Power of Place: The Religious Landscape of the Southern Sacred Peak (Nanyue 南嶽) in Medieval China (Harvard University Asia Center, 2009) received the Stanislas Julien Prize for 2010 by the French Academy of Inscriptions and Belles-Lettres Stanislas Julien by the ((Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres) (Institut de France)) and the 2010 Toshihide Numata Book Prize in Buddhism.
Leonard Ingrams was the youngest of four sons. His parents were Leonard St Clair Ingrams and Victoria (née Reid). His mother was very musical and he started to learn the violin at the age of six. Later he played in the National Youth Orchestra under Sir Malcolm Sargent. He was educated at Stonyhurst College, where he was inspired by Peter Levi, and at Corpus Christi College, Oxford. He gained a double first in Classical Moderations and Greats. Subsequently he taught classics at Queen Mary College, University of London from 1965 to 1967.
Derek Mio (born 1982) is an American film and TV actor. He attended USC School of Cinematic Arts. He is a fourth-generation Japanese American.
Robert Gomer is an Austrian scientist, known for his research on field electron emission and field ionization, and his role as an adviser to the United States government. Born in Austria and educated at Pomona College and the University of Rochester, where he received his doctorate in 1949.
Juan M. Garcia III was born on May 27, 1966 in St Louis, Missouri. He graduated from the University of California, Los Angeles in 1988 and then attended the joint J.D. / M.A. program at Harvard Law School and the John F. Kennedy School of Government, graduating in 1992.
Mihir Shah graduated with a B.A. degree in Economics (first class) in 1976 from St. Stephens' college, where he was also awarded the K.C.Nag Economics Prize. In 1978, he received an M.A. degree in Economics from Delhi School of Economics with a Merit Scholarship. He also received an M.Phil. degree and a Ph.D. degree (for a much acclaimed dissertation) in Applied Economics from Centre for Development Studies (affiliated to Jawaharlal Nehru University), Trivandrum in 1979 and 1984 respectively.
Wolfgang Dehen (born 9 February 1954) is the CEO of the Energy Sector of Siemens. Born in Solingen he studied Business Administration at the University of Siegen, Germany.
Tom Simpson attended Monifieth High School in Angus, Scotland. He went to the art school in the University of Dundee, the Duncan of Jordanstone College of Art and Design, and has a degree in drawing and painting.
Robert Shaw attended Joseph Wheeler High School and played varsity football for three years and was a Parade All-American and all-state selection in his senior season of 1975.
Shawn Gallant (born October 14, 1976 in Windsor, Ontario) was a Canadian football defensive back for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League. He was drafted by the Saskatchewan Roughriders in the third round of the 2000 CFL Draft. He played college football at Eastern Kentucky University.
Leopoldo Gout is a film director, film producer, composer, author and painter. Born in Mexico, he studied Contemporary Art at Central Saint Martins in London, and now resides in New York City. His artwork has been displayed in various museums and galleries. Films which he has produced have been shown at The Cannes 2011 International Film Festival and have aired on NBC. He is currently involved in various film and television projects including films with the author James Patterson, such as major adaptations of the Alex Cross and Maximum Ride book series. Gout was a producer for the THQ video-game Leela, which uses motion controls and immersive psychedelic environments to allow the player to connect with their sub-conscience.
Peter N. Kirstein is a professor of history at Saint Xavier University in Chicago, Illinois. He received his M.A. and Ph.D. from Saint Louis University, and his A.B. from Boston University, where he studied under Howard Zinn. Kirstein also attended Washington University in St. Louis. Kirstein received his university's Excellence in Teaching Award. He is known for his antiwar views and support of academic freedom. He identifies himself as a pacifist. He is currently Vice President of the Illinois Conference of the American Association of University Professors and is chair of the Illinois Conference Committee A on Academic Freedom and Tenure. He serves as an at-large member on his university's AAUP chapter council.
Born in Atlanta, Georgia, Mayer attended the Georgia Military Academy. Mayer then enrolled at the Georgia Institute of Technology in order to study engineering. During his years at Georgia Tech, Mayer pitched on the Yellow Jackets baseball team. In , after three years of school, Mayer left Georgia Tech to pursue a career in professional baseball. He was not the only one in his family to pursue a career in baseball. Sam Mayer, Erskine Mayer's older brother, appeared in 11 games for the Washington Senators.
Legge was the third son of William Legge, 4th Earl of Dartmouth, by his second wife the Honourable Frances, daughter of Reverend George Barrington, 5th Viscount Barrington. William Legge, 5th Earl of Dartmouth, was his half-brother and Colonel Heneage Legge his full brother. He was educated at Eton and Christ Church, Oxford. Ordained in 1864, he was Domestic Chaplain to the Bishop of Rochester then Vicar of St Bartholomew's, Sydenham and after that Rural Dean of Lewisham before his elevation to the Episcopate in 1891.
Lee A. Johnson was born June 28, 1947 in Caldwell, Kansas. He received a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from the University of Kansas in 1969. Johnson attended Washburn University School of Law and graduated Summa Cum Laude in 1980 with a J.D.. He was a member of Phi Delta Phi. He is married to Donna and has two children, Jordan and Jennifer.
Andrew Rich attended Bonneville High School, and was an All State selection as a senior. Rich also lettered in basketball for the Lakers. Rich served a mission for the LDS church to Portland, Oregon from 2004 to 2006.
Earle Solomonson (born September 2, 1947) is a former American football player and coach. He served as the head football coach at North Dakota State University from 1985 to 1986 and at Montana State University -- Bozeman from 1987 to 1991, compiling a career college football record of 39--42--1. Solomonson won back-to-back NCAA Division II National Football Championships with the North Dakota State Bison in 1985 and 1986. He played college football at Augsburg College, from which he graduated in 1969.
Steve Craig (born March 13, 1951, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American football player who played tight end in the National Football League from 1974 to 1978 and played in two Super Bowls. He attended Garfield High School in Akron, Ohio, the same high school fellow NFL receiver Jim Lash attended, and Northwestern University. Craig was drafted in round 3 of the 1974 NFL Draft by the Minnesota Vikings. His five year pro-career was spent with the Minnesota Vikings, during which time which he helped lead the team to Super Bowl IX and Super Bowl XI appearances.
Brandon Berrey (born December 21, 1978) in Montgomery, Alabama, is an Artist, Illustrator and Poet. He embodies the spirit of art in the South. He graduated from Troy University in Advertising and Graphic Design, and became one of seven Southeast art students to study abroad with the Nature Art and Life League in Venice, France under Nall Hollis who studied under Salvador Dali. He was also a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon Fraternity.
Laurence Spitters, who retired from Memorex in 1974, received an honorary degree from Santa Clara University and a Distinguished Alumni Award from Western Michigan University. He served on the Santa Clara University Board of Trustees, and on the Board of Directors of ALZA Corp., The Children's Health Council, and The Embarcadero Publishing Company, publisher of the Palo Alto Weekly.
John A. McClelland, a native of Coleraine, he received his education at Queen's College, Galway. In 1895 he received a fellowship from the Royal University of Ireland and in 1897 took up a research degree at the University of Cambridge.
Jaffrey attended Minto Circle, S.T High School, AMU, Aligarh before going on to Wynberg Allen School, St. George's College, Mussoorie,and Allahabad University. He started his career by setting up a theatre company called Unity Theatre, at New Delhi. His early theatrical work included roles in productions of Tennessee Williams, Christopher Fry, Wilde, and Shakespeare. He did his studies at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London and went to the United States on a Fulbright scholarship, where he took a second post-graduate degree in drama from The Catholic University of America. He also worked with top stars such as Sean Connery, Michael Caine and Pierce Brosnan. He starred in popular cinema directed by highly talented persons like Satyajit Ray, James Ivory and Richard Attenborough. He is the first Indian to take Shakespearean plays on a tour to the United States. He is also the first Asian to receive British and Canadian Academy Awards nominations. And also the first Indian to receive the Order of the British Empire for his contributions to drama.
Management consulting grew with the rise of management as a unique field of study. The first management consulting firm was Arthur D. Little, founded in 1886 by the MIT professor of the same name and was incorporated in 1909. Though Arthur D. Little later became a general management consultancy, it originally specialised in technical research. Booz Allen Hamilton was founded by Edwin G. Booz, a graduate of the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University, in 1914 as a management consultancy and the first to serve both industry and government clients.
Richard Ford (1796--1858) was an English writer. He graduated at Trinity College, Oxford, in 1817, and was afterward called to the bar, but never practiced. He spent four years traveling in Spain and in 1845 published his delightful Handbook for Travellers in Spain, in two volumes. A second edition (1847) was in one volume, and the material left out was published in Gatherings from Spain (1846). Ford also contributed important papers on Spanish art to the Quarterly Review and other periodicals. He wrote letterpress for several art works, notably the Tauromachia (1852) of Lake Price. He was the father of Sir Francis Clare Ford.
Jorge Cordova (born September 25, 1981 in San Diego, California) is an American football linebacker who is currently a free agent. Cordova, who is of Mexican American descent, was drafted by the Jacksonville Jaguars in the third round of the 2004 NFL Draft. He attended Murrieta Valley High School in Murrieta, California and graduated class of 1999. He played college football at Nevada.
John Langhorne was born at Tunbridge, Kent in 1862. He was educated at Westminster School and Trinity College, Cambridge. His first appointments were Queen Elizabeth's school, Dedham and Christ's College, Finchley. He moved to Edinburgh in 1890 and for seven years was master at Loretto School, which had been founded by a distant relative Thomas Langhorne. John Langhorne died whilst on a visit to Barnard Castle on 27 August 1925 and is buried there. He had been a member of the Association for Teachers in Secondary Schools (Scotland). After his death a bronze tablet was installed in his memory at the school. The dedication reads: `` To the glory of god and in grateful memory of John Langhorne, M.A. headmaster 1897-1925 who died on 27th August 1925 aged 63 years. Erected by his pupils''. He was the son of the Reverend John Langhorne and died without issue.
Tom Theo Klemesrud was born in Thompson, Iowa to Glee (1909-1986) and Theo S. Klemesrud http://www.legis.iowa.gov/Legislators/legislatorAllYears.aspx?PID=1853 (1902-1995). His siblings include, Judy Klemesrud and Candace K. Klemesrud (1947-1989), both whom are deceased. He attended the Thompson Community High School and graduated from the University of Iowa in 1973 with a degree in film production. He is a member of the University of Iowa Presidents Club.http://www.uifoundation.org/pc/ In 1974 he attended the USC School of Cinematic Arts graduate program for one year.
Daliyah Herts received an MA in Philosophy from Tel Aviv University. She taught Philosophy for several years. She edited and presented literary programs on Israel Radio, published several books of poetry, and wrote two plays. One of these plays, Louise, became an opera with music by Israeli composer Menahem Avidom.
Michael Zapruder was born in Washington, D.C. and grew up in Chevy Chase, MD. He is an alumnus of Bethesda-Chevy Chase High School and Hamilton College, where he studied religion and music. He spent his junior year of college living in Nepal, studying Tibetan language and religion. Upon graduating, Zapruder moved to the San Francisco Bay Area, where he now lives. His siblings are both award-winning writers: American poet Matthew Zapruder and American author Alexandra Zapruder.
Lincoln MacVeagh was born October 1, 1890, in Narragansett Pier, Rhode Island, the son of Charles MacVeagh and Fanny Davenport Rogers MacVeagh. MacVeagh graduated from Groton School in 1909 and Harvard magna cum laude in 1913. He studied languages at the Sorbonne in 1913--14. He was fluent in German, French, Spanish, Latin, and Classical Greek.
Daughter of poet and journalist Théophile Bovy, she was born in Cheratte, now part of the commune of Visé, in the province of Liège. Seemingly interested in acting from an early age, an interest which her father encouraged, she enrolled in the Koninklijk Conservatorium in Brussels following a meeting with Sarah Bernhardt. From 1904 to 1906 she studied at the CNSAD in Paris. She joined the Comédie-Française in 1907.
Tarabai Modak (19 April 1892-1973) was born in Mumbai. She graduated from the University of Mumbai in 1914. She was married to a lawyer from Amravati, Mr. Modak. Later she got a divorce in 1921. She worked as a Principal of a Women's College in Rajkot. Social worker from Vidarbha region of Maharashtra. She introduced Montessori education to India. She was awarded Padma Bhushan in 1962 for her work in preschool education. Anutai Wagh was her disciple. She was a member of the Indian National Congress.
Branden Ledbetter (born May 2, 1986) is an American football tight end for the Spokane Shock of the Arena Football League. Following his college career at Western Michigan University, he was invited to the Green Bay Packers Rookie Mini Camp as an undrafted free agent in 2009 but was cut shortly after.
John Fischer was born in Pasadena, California in 1947. He graduated from Wheaton College in 1969. He studied for the Christian ministry at the Peninsula Bible Church in Palo Alto, California under Ray Stedman.
John Belling (1866--1933), born in Aldershot, England, was a cytogeneticist who developed the iron-acetocarmine staining technique which is used in the study of chromosomes. He entered Mason College at the University of Birmingham in 1892 and received his BSc (Honours) from University College, London. He received an honorary DSc in 1922 from the University of Maine in recognition of his work.
Zhang Guobao was born in Zhejiang. He graduated from Xi'an Jiaotong University with a mechanical engineering degree and became a senior engineer. He joined the Communist Party of China in 1966 and rose to become Director of the National Energy Administration and Vice Chairman of the National Development and Reform Commission.
Michael Simpson Culbertson was born in 1819 in Chambersburg, Pennsylvania. He entered United States Military Academy at West Point, New York, on 1 July 1835. United States Military Academy graduated him 6th of 31 in the class of 1839, and he received a commission as a second lieutenant in the First Artillery on 1 July 1839. Second Lieutenant Culbertson served at Rouses Point, New York, during the Aroostook War. He served briefly as assistant professor of mathematics at United States Military Academy 1 January to 1 February 1840. Second Lieutenant Culbertson then served with the First Artillery at Fort Preble in Portland, Maine, and Hancock Barracks in Houlton, Maine.
Essence Carson is an American basketball player from Paterson, New Jersey, who was the 7th draft pick in the 2008 WNBA draft. Carson played at Eastside High School in Paterson and played college basketball at Rutgers University. Carson was named a WBCA All-American. She participated in the 2004 WBCA High School All-America Game, where she scored seven points. Was also a McDonlad's All-American where she was a starter and scored 5 points Carson attended Paterson's Rosa L. Parks School of Fine and Performing Arts. She participated in athletics at Eastside, where she was an all-state volleyball player and state champion in the 400 meters.
Mary A. Ryan was born in New York City on October 1, 1940. She was educated at St. John's University, receiving a B.A. in 1963 and an M.A. in 1965.
The basketball success has been attributed to two stalwarts in the coaching profession. Dr. Bud Black and Dennis Tate teach basketball and coach for the basketball program at Cherryville High School. Dr. Black, returning to his hometown after finishing graduate school, began to teach the fundamentals of basketball to youngsters in the elementary school gym one to two nights a week. He received help from other great basketball players who had played at Cherryville High School and in various colleges. These included Keith Harris, Leroy Roberts, Al Graves, and Dennis Tate. These young players, mostly grades 1-6, began to understand the game and became successful in competitions with area teams from the Boys Club, YMC---- A, community center, etc. Many youth tournaments were won by these young players. The group who started learning the fundamentals of basketball as first graders in 1973 later won the North Carolina State Championship of the North Carolina High School Athletic Association in 1985. This state championship team had two first team All-State selections in Terry Whisnant and Kenneth Poston. Terry Whisnant accepted a full scholarship to the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, North Carolina. Kenneth Poston accepted a full scholarship to the North Carolina State University in Raleigh, North Carolina. Both Terry and Kenneth were awarded Bachelor of Science degrees. The starters on the 1985 State Championship team were Terry Whisnant, Kenneth Poston, Tony Griggs, Craig Roberts, and Jay Moss.
Born in Fresno, California, Oller graduated from California State University, Stanislaus in 1980. In 1981, Rico Oller started his building materials business. He is currently Owner and Chairman of Board of Material Ventures, Inc, the distribution company he founded. He resides with his wife and children in San Andreas, California.
Peter Myles was born in Nova Scotia, Canada and was a classical record producer/editor at Delos Records before entering the film industry. As a record producer he worked with such artists as Flutist Jean Pierre Rampal, The Westminter Choir, Tenor John Aler, and Guitarist Paul Galbraith, among others. He has continued to work in the record industry with editing credits on John William's ``Cello Concerto'', ``An American Journey'' as well as numerous film soundtracks. He is a graduate of the New England Conservatory (B.M. Trumpet Performance) and Northwestern University (M.M. Pi Kappa Lambda - Trumpet Performance). Additionally, he studied at the Music Academy of the West in Santa Barbara and the Aspen Music Fetival.
Lennard Stokes was born on 12 February 1856 in Greenwich, the son of Henry Graham Stokes, Proctor to the Admiralty and solicitor, and his wife Elizabeth Sewell. He was one of at least nine children (six brothers and three sisters). Unlike his brother Frederick, who attended Rugby School, he attended Sydney College in Bath. He then studied medicine at Guy's Hospital, becoming M.R.C.S. in 1881 and L.R.C.P. in 1882.
Malar Balasubramanian graduated from the Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine in Cleveland in 2001 and completed a pediatric residency program at Children's Hospital in Pittsburgh in June, 2004. She practiced medicine in India for a time before returning to her home in the Blue Ash suburb of Cincinnati, Ohio two or three weeks prior to her mother's homicide. She was planning to move to St. Louis to begin a fellowship in pediatric cardiology.
Nicholas Vines (born Sydney, 1976), is an Australian composer currently based in the United States. He studied at the University of Sydney with Anne Boyd, Peter Sculthorpe and Ross Edwards. He completed a PhD at Harvard University studying with Harrison Birtwistle, Bernard Rands, Magnus Lindberg, Julian Anderson, Lee Hyla, Mario Davidovsky, Judith Weir, and Michael Finnissy. Currently he holds the position of Lecturer in Music Theory at Harvard University. He is a professor of music at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
David Sanders is an Associate Professor of Biological Sciences at Purdue University. He received his Bachelor of Science degree from Yale College in Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry. He conducted his Ph.D. research in Biochemistry with Dr. Daniel E. Koshland, Jr., who was then editor of the journal Science, at the University of California at Berkeley.
John Norton graduated from Boston College and the University of Pennsylvania with an M.A. and Ph.D. He taught at the University of California, Riverside. John moved to San Francisco in the 1970s and soon afterward joined Robert Gluck's Writing Workshop at Small Press Traffic. His poems and stories began to appear in a variety of small magazines and literary journals, including America, New American Writing, CrossConnect, Kayak, Oxygen, Beatitude, Blue Unicorn, Onthebus, and Processed World.
A native of Baltimore, Maryland, Daniel R. Porterfield graduated from Loyola Blakefield, a Jesuit college prep school, in 1979. In 1983 he received a B.A. in English from Georgetown University. As a Rhodes Scholar, Porterfield earned a second B.A./M.A. from Hertford College, Oxford University. He was a Mellon Fellow in the Humanities at The City University of New York Graduate Center, which granted him a Ph.D. in 1995. His dissertation, which covered writers in captivity, received the Irving Howe Prize at CUNY graduate center.
Katherine Needleman (born May 14, 1978) is the principal oboist of the Baltimore Symphony orchestra, USA. She studied under Richard Woodhams at the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia, graduating at age twenty. She was the first prize winner of the Gillet-Fox International Oboe competition in 2003. Ms. Needleman joined the oboe faculty of the Peabody Conservatory of the Johns Hopkins University in 2005. She is a graduate of the Baltimore School for the Arts. In addition to playing in the Baltimore Symphony, Ms. Needleman is one of the founding members of Mico Nonet as well as Trio La Milpa.
Alai (pronounced ah-lie) is a major character in Ender's Game series by Orson Scott Card. He appears in the novels Ender's Game, Ender's Shadow, Shadow of the Hegemon, Shadow Puppets and Shadow of the Giant. He is a Battle School student of North African descent.
Riaz Shahid was a noted Pakistani filmmaker, film writer, and journalist. His real name was Sheikh Riaz, but was called by his nickname Shahid. Originally from Kashmir, Riaz settled in Lahore where he started his career as a journalist for newspaper Chataan and later joined Faiz Ahmed Faiz's Lail-o-Nihar. He also wrote a novel named Hazar Dastaan. He was educated at Islamia College, Lahore.
Robert Lee Barker was born July 19, 1937 in Tacoma, Washington, the oldest of four children. His mother worked as a waitress and his stepfather was a prison guard. During college and graduate school he worked in a variety of blue-collar jobs in canneries and paper mills. In one of those jobs, he was employed in a Veteran's Administration hospital as a psychiatric aide, which inspired his interest in working with people with mental and behavioral distresses. He graduated in 1959 from the University of Puget Sound in Tacoma, majoring in sociology and psychology before earning his Master of Social Work (MSW) from the University of Washington in Seattle.
Kurt Fuller (born September 16, 1953) is an American character actor. He has appeared in a number of television, film, and stage projects. He graduated from Lincoln High School in Stockton, California in 1971.
Timothy App attended Kent State University in Ohio, where he received a BFA degree in painting in 1970. He continued his study of painting at Tyler School of Art of Temple University and in 1974 received an MFA. During his thirty-two years of teaching, he has taught at Pomona College in California, the University of New Mexico in Albuquerque, and since 1990 at MICA. With many one-person and group exhibitions, he has shown his abstract paintings regionally, nationally and abroad. In 1988, his work was the focus of a 20-year survey exhibition. Most recently, his work from the last seven years was the subject of an exhibition with a catalog at Goya Contemporary in Baltimore, where his paintings and prints are represented. His work is included in many private and public collections. He is a recipient of a NEA fellowship in painting, as well as an individual artist's grant from the Maryland State Arts Council. Twice he has received the Trustee's Award for Excellence in Teaching at MICA, and has been nominated for the Richard C. Diebenkorn Teaching Fellowship. In addition to teaching and painting, he has written on the work of other artists, lectured on his own work and curated exhibitions of abstract painting.
Byrne studied theatre at Kent State University, He was exposed to stand up comedy by working at the comedy club Caroline's in New York City. The first time he ever got on stage was at Stand Up New York on September 30, 1997. Steve spent the first seven years of his stand up career cutting his teeth as a stand up in NYC. He was notorious for being absolutely obsessed with getting up on stage as much as he could. He's been cited as saying he spent those seven years working seven days a week, working every single night he could, including New Years, Christmas, etc., doing as many sets as possible. In 2003, he filmed the documentary film, 13 or Bust where he did 13 shows in one night at every comedy club in Manhattan, breaking the record for most sets in one night by a comedian. It is available on iTunes as a podcast for free. In 2006 Comedy Central aired Steve's first half hour special, Comedy Central Presents Steve Byrne. Byrne had a one-hour special on Comedy Central in 2008 titled Steve Byrne's Happy Hour. On Sunday, July 25, 2010, he had another one-hour special on Comedy Central titled ``The Byrne Identity.'' Byrne was also featured on the NBC series The Real Wedding Crashers and a featured comedian on The Tonight Show. He has made appearances on Chappelle's Show, Tough Crowd with Colin Quinn, The History Channel's ``History of the Joke,'' Mad TV's 300th episode and Super Bowl promo's on CBS with Prince and again with Bill Cowher. His stand-up has been featured on The Late Late Show, Jimmy Kimmel Live, Last Call with Carson Daly, BET's ComicView, ABC's Good Morning America as well as Comedy Central's Premium Blend. He has been a featured comic in The Just For Laughs Festival in Montreal, the HBO US Comedy Arts Festival in Las Vegas the TBS Very Funny Festival in Chicago, the TBS Very Funny Festival in Toronto and The CanWest Comedy Fest in Vancouver. Recently, he has appeared on the new Showtime comedy series ``Live Nude Comedy'' and shot a pilot for the G4 Network based on a Japanese Game Show called ``Drunken Businessman''.
Arthur Hiller, OC (born 22 November 1923) is a Canadian film director. His filmography includes 33 major studio releases, including the 1970 film Love Story. A film festival in Hiller's name was held each spring from 2006 until 2009 at his alma mater, Victoria School of Performing and Visual Arts, in tribute for his continued support of the school.
From the age of 13, Airy stayed frequently with his uncle, Arthur Biddell at Playford, Suffolk. Biddell introduced Airy to his friend Thomas Clarkson, the slave trade abolitionist who lived at Playford Hall. Clarkson had an MA in mathematics from Cambridge, and examined Airy in classics and then subsequently arranged for him to be examined by a Fellow from Trinity College, Cambridge on his knowledge of mathematics. As a result he entered Trinity in 1819, as a sizar, meaning that he paid a reduced fee but essentially worked as a servant to make good the fee reduction. Here he had a brilliant career, and seems to have been almost immediately recognised as the leading man of his year. In 1822 he was elected scholar of Trinity, and in the following year he graduated as senior wrangler and obtained first Smith's prize. On 1 October 1824 he was elected fellow of Trinity, and in December 1826 was appointed Lucasian professor of mathematics in succession to Thomas Turton. This chair he held for little more than a year, being elected in February 1828 Plumian professor of astronomy and director of the new Cambridge Observatory. In 1836 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society and in 1840, a foreign member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
Sheikh Abdullah graduated from Durham, United Kingdom in which he received a bachelors Degree in Police Science In 1995 he graduated from Beirut Arab University in which he received a bachelors Degree of Legislation. He was Appointed as patrols officer at Rescue Police Section in 1985. In 1989, He was appointed as security officer for stadiums at Capital Security Section. He was appointed as Assistant Commander for Support Brigade at Emergency Police Section. He was appointed as commander for Special Operations Brigade at Special Security Force Department. He was appointed as commander for Special Unit at Special Security Force Department. On 28/12/2001, He was appointed as Assistant Director for Special Security Force Department for operations affairs. He was appointed as Assistant Director for Special Security Force Department on 11/7/2001. On 7/1/2002, He was appointed as Director for Special Security Force Department. He was appointed as Commander for Internal Security Force (Lakhwiya) on 6/9/2004. On 15/2/2005, He was appointed as Minister of State for Interior Affairs and member of ministers' council.
Richard is a gray-haired student at Springfield Elementary School and is one of Bart's good friends. He is first seen in ``Bart the Genius''. He is usually seen with Lewis and has a leather jacket and a shirt with a small diamond embroidered on the center. Richard appears frequently in scenes involving the Springfield children, and in the early seasons was often involved with mischief. he's been voiced over the course of the series by Nancy Cartwright, Jo Ann Harris, Pamela Hayden, and Maggie Roswell. In early seasons he was commonly seen hanging out with Bart, Lewis, and Milhouse, but in recent years he is only seen in the classroom and in crowd scenes. He had a brief speaking part in ``The Haw-Hawed Couple'', in which he was voiced by Pamela Hayden. His hair color changes from black to gray, to brown, and then to blue throughout the course of the show. However, in Simpsons Comics, his hair always appears gray.
Karl Bissinger was born in Cincinnati, Ohio in 1914. He studied art at the Cincinnati Art Museum as a high school and moved to Manhattan, where he studied painting at the Art Students League of New York.
Pete Williams attended Mowbray College and earned his High School Diploma in 1999. In 2002, he earned his commerce degree at Deakin University in Melbourne, Australia. He majored in marketing, commercial law, and management.
Simone Zaggia is an Italian astronomer. He was born in 1965 and did undergraduate work at the University of Padua, where he also received his Ph.D. in 1996. He has done post-doctoral work at the European Southern Observatory and the Capodimonte Observatory, he worked at Trieste Observatory and currently (2007) works at Padua Observatory. Zaggia's research interest include the dynamics of dwarf galaxies and globular clusters.
In 1900, Ganga Ram was selected by Lord Curzon to act as superintendent of works in the Imperial Durbar to be held in connection with the accession of King Edward VII. He finished the work at the Darbar managing its manifold problems and challenges but his name was not included in the New Year Honors list. Consequently, he retired prematurely from service in 1903.
Allison played piano in grammar school and trumpet in high school. He went to college at the University of Mississippi for a while, then enlisted in the U.S. Army for two years. Fresh out of the Army, he enrolled at Louisiana State University, from which he was graduated in 1952 with a BA in English with a minor in Philosophy. It was at that point that he moved to New York City and launched his jazz career performing with artists such as Stan Getz, Gerry Mulligan, Al Cohn, Zoot Sims, and Phil Woods. His debut album, Back Country Suite was issued on the Prestige label in 1957. He formed his own trio in 1958.
Rakesh Khurana is the Marvin Bower Professor of Leadership Development in organizational behavior at Harvard Business School. He is also the co-Master of Cabot House at Harvard University. Rakesh received his degrees in organizational behavior from Harvard's Ph.D. program in 1998, A.M (Sociology) from Harvard in 1997, and his bachelor's degree from Cornell University in 1990. He worked for three years as a founding team member of Cambridge Technology Partners before starting graduate school in 1994. After finishing his doctorate, Rakesh taught at the MIT Sloan School of Management. In 2000, Rakesh accepted an appointment at the Harvard Business School. His research focuses on managerial labor markets and the processes by which elites are selected and socialized.
Hu Kun was born in China just before the Cultural Revolution and started playing violin and piano at age of six with his parents, and moved in the 70s to Beijing to be the soloist of the China Central Radio Symphony Orchestra, in 1980 he won the fifth prize of the Sibelius International Violin Competition, being the first Chinese citizen to win prize at a major international violin competition, in 1984 he graduated from the Central Conservatory of Music in Beijing. He has also won prizes in the Queen Elisabeth Violin Competition, Francescatti Violin Competition, Lipizer Violin Competition, Palm Beach Violin Competition and the Menuhin Violin Competition.
The main sight of the nearby ''Szent-Tamás hegy`` (Saint Thomas Hill) is the Baroque Calvary, with the Classicist chapel on the top of the hill, which was built to commemorate the heroes who died for Esztergom. The hill was named after a church built by Bishop Lukács Bánffy in memoriam the martyr Saint Thomas Becket, who had been his fellow student at the University of Paris. The church and the small castle which the Turks built there were destroyed a long time ago. On its original spot, the top of the hill, the narrow winding streets and small houses that were built by the masters who were working on the construction of the Basilica at the beginning of the previous century, have an atmosphere that is similar to that of Tabán in Buda. At the foot of the hill are the swimming pool and the Classicist building of the Fürdő Szálló (Bath Hotel). This is where Lajos Kossuth stayed in 1848 on one of his recruiting tours.
John Ash was born circa 1821 in Ormskirk, United Kingdom to father William Ash. He attended Guy's Hospital in Southwark, London, where he met John Sebastian Helmcken, a future key player in the joining of British Columbia to the Canadian Confederation. In 1845 Ash became a member of the Royal College of Surgeons and the Worshipful Society of Apothecaries. From 1849 to 1860, he practised medicine Coxwold, before emigrating to Canada in 1862, arriving in Victoria, British Columbia. On approximately July 31, 1863, Ash's wife Dorothy Agar gave birth to a daughter, Annie Freer, in the Esquimalt home of John Sebastian Helmcken.
Kingsley Amis was born in Clapham, south London, the son of William Robert Amis, a mustard manufacturer's clerk. He was educated at the City of London School, and in April 1941 was admitted to St. John's College, Oxford, where he read English. It was there that he met Philip Larkin, with whom he formed the most important friendship of his life. After only a year, in July 1942, he was called up for national service. After serving in the Royal Corps of Signals in the Second World War, Amis returned to Oxford in October 1945 to complete his degree. Although he worked hard and earned a 1947 first in English, he had by then decided to give much of his time to writing. In 1946, he became a member of the Communist Party of Great Britain.
Biography Ruth Perednik graduated from University College London (1983) and the Institute of Education, University of London (1984) and the Hebrew University of Jerusalem (Educational Psychology, 2002). Her thesis in England was on The Relation Between Mothers`` Attentiveness to Toddlers and Child's Attachment to Mother and in Israel she completed her thesis on Selective Mutism in Immigrant Families, under the supervision of Prof. Yoel Elizur, with a grant from the Martin and Vivian Levin Center for the Development of the Child and Adolescent. Ruth Perednik taught at the Lincoln School, and at the Yehuda Halevi Teacher's Training College, Argentina (1986-1987), where she lectured on Educational Psychology. She resides in the outskirts of Jerusalem with her husband; they have five children.
Gross was born on May 20, 1921, in Philadelphia. There he attended Central High School, where he met future partner Lee Guber after the two were seated next to each other in alphabetical order, graduating as valedictorian. After graduating from the University of Pennsylvania in 1942 with a Phi Beta Kappa key, he attended Harvard Law School, but dropped out after coming to the realization that he didn't want to be a lawyer. He enlisted in the United States Navy, serving as a communications officer in the South Pacific and attaining the rank of Lieutenant. After completing his military service, Gross attended Northwestern University, graduating in 1947 with a master's degree in journalism.
Dr. Samuel H. Gruber is a shark biologist and founder of the American Elasmobranch Society. Originally from Brooklyn, NY, he moved to South Florida and received his BA in zoology from the University of Miami and an MS and Ph.D. in Marine Science. He is currently a Professor at the University of Miami's Rosential School for Marine and Atmospheric Science and is their Bimini Field Station Director. Dr. Gruber is a recognized authority on shark science, having completed 49 Atlantic research cruises and 170 scientific publications. He has specialized in shark behavior, anatomy, sensory systems and tracking. Doc is perhaps best known for his studies on habitat selection and homing behavior of lemon sharks and eagle rays around the Bimini Shark Lab.
Joyce Evans also plays an important educational role in Australian photography. She taught history of photography at Melbourne's RMIT University; appointed inaugural assistant director of Waverley City Gallery (now Monash Gallery of Art), 1990--91, the first municipal public collection in Melbourne to specialise in photography; established and inaugurated a course on the History of Photography and appointed Research Fellow at the University of Melbourne, 1997-2010. Evans continues conducting lectures and photographic workshops, predominantly in Melbourne and regional Victoria.
Vladimir Milov graduated from Moscow State Mining University on 1994. In 1997--2001, he worked for the natural monopoly regulator of Russia, the Federal Energy Commission of Russia, serving in 1999--2001 as the head of its economic analysis department. In 2001 he headed an expert team within the Center for Strategic Research, a government-linked think tank.
Olga Ostroumova was born on 21 September 1947 in Buguruslan, Orenburg Oblast, USSR. In 1970, she graduated from the Russian Academy of Theatre Arts in Moscow. Her film debut as a high school student in Monday Sure Will Come (Доживём до понедельника, 1968) brought her immediate fame among Soviet audiences. From 1973 to 1983, she worked at the Moscow Theater on Malaya Bronnaya, continuing her stage work alongside film and later television roles. She was awarded the title of People's Artist of Russia in 1993. Ostroumova is married to Russian actor Valentin Gaft. She lives and works in Moscow.
Diana Johnstone (born 1934) is a American leftist political writer based in Paris, France. She focusesg primarily on European politics and Western foreign policy. Johnstone received a Ph.D. at the University of Minnesota and was active in the movement against the Vietnam War, organizing the first international contacts between American citizens and Vietnamese representatives.
Dietmar Feichtinger (born 18 November 1961 in Bruck an der Mur, Austria) is an Austrian architect established since 1989 in Paris. He studied architecture at the Graz University of Technology and graduated summa cum laude in 1988. After gaining initial experience with Prof. Huth, Prof. Giencke and Prof. Kada, he moved to Paris in 1989, working at Chaix/Morel where he was appointed associate architect and project manager. In 1994 he founded Feichtinger Architectes, with headquarters in Paris, and in 2002 he opened a subsidiary in Vienna. Feichtinger has taught at a number of universities since 1994 - the University of Paris 6-La Villette, the RWTH Aachen, the University of Innsbruck and the University of Vienna - and has lectured extensively on the work of the practice. In 1998 he was awarded the Kunstpreis Berlin by the Academy of Arts.
Shrestha received a Bachelor of Ayurvedic Medicine and Surgery (B.A.M.S.) from the Jiwaji University, (Gwalior, India), a Certificate of Ayurveda Medicine and Surgery (CAMS) from the Tribhuvan University, (Kathmandu, Nepal) and in 1993 received a Medical Doctor in Ayurveda from the Benares Hindu University (Varanasi, India). She has also received a Diploma Yoga Therapy from the Vivekananda Kendra, (Bangalore, India), and a Diploma Acupuncture (DAc.) from the Alternative Medicine Center, (Colombo, Sri Lanka).
Adrian Picardi is a bi-racial ``Italian-Korean'' American filmmaker based in Los Angeles, California. For all his works thus far, he has been credited as director, writer, cinematographer, and editor. He got his start in the industry by independently creating original projects that utilized extremely low budgets, yet made them extremely commercially appealing in the visual sense. He shoots and produces many of his films in Los Angeles, California. Picardi graduated from South Pasadena High School in 2005. Currently, Picardi is working on several projects for his company, Northern Five Entertainment, based in Downtown Los Angeles.
Margaret Salmon was born in New York in 1975 and now lives and works between the UK and New York. Margaret Salmon is represented by Office Baroque Gallery, Belgium and formerly by Store Gallery, London. She graduated from School of Visual Arts (SVA) in New York with a B.A. in 1998 and received an M.A. from the Royal College of Art (RCA) in London in 2003. She won second prize at the Beck's futures student show at the ICA while at the Royal Collage of Art. She appeared in the New Contemporaries shows at The Liverpool Biennial and Barbiacan in London in 2004 and was the first recipient of the MaxMara Art Prize for Woman in association with the Whitechapel in 2006, which included a six month residency in Italy. In 2006 she won the Paris based Art Prize 'Prix Gilles Dusein' in association with La Maison européenne de la photographie. Her solo show at the Whitechapel was in Time Out London's Top 5 Critics Pick. Margaret Salmon was a visiting artist/resident at The American Academy in Rome and Cittadellarte-Fondazione Pistoletto in Biella, in Italy during 2006 as part of winning the MaxMara Art Prize. She has received grants from the Arts Council of England and Elephant Trust among others.
Franciscus Lamar Mills (born January 26, 1971 in Detroit, Michigan) is a former American football defensive tackle in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins. He played college football at Indiana University. Currently the Defensive Coordinator for the Tri-City Charge (www.TriCityCharge.com)- a semi-pro football team in the New England Football League.
Peter Plaoul, also known as Petrus Plaoul or Pierre Plaoul, (1353--1415) was a late medieval Scholastic philosopher and theologian. Born in Liege, he was educated at the University of Paris and remained an active member of the University until he was made Bishop of Senlis in 1409.
Sammy Wanyonyi is an International Evangelist http://www.dglobe.com/articles/index.cfm?id=11036&section=lifestyle&freebie_check&CFID=28632250&CFTOKEN=70029218&jsessionid=8830a408d79a43b6e6bb based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He is founder and president of Shine in the World International Ministries (SWIM). He was born in Western Kenya near the agricultural town of Kitale on November 17, 1972. Sammy relocated to Minnesota in 1998 from where he carries out his global ministry. He is described by peers and prominent evangelical leaders as one of the leading emerging world evangelists. He takes a holistic approach to evangelism campaigning and promoting ideas on leadership, good governance, and economic and business empowerment as integral to the gospel of Jesus Christ. He has taken the message of Hope to more than a million people on four continents in countries such as India, Kenya, Rwanda, DR Congo, Malawi, Botswana, around the United States and in Europe. He holds ``Festivals of Hope'' and ``Leadership and Good Governance'' conferences for religious, political and business leaders. He is a graduate of Bethel University in St. Paul, Minnesota from where he holds Master of Divinity and pursuing a doctorate in global and contextual leadership. In 2010, Sammy served as lead evangelist with Mission Africa, an initiative of the 3rd Lausanne Congress for World Evangelization, a tradition began by Billy Graham at the 1974 congress.
Vikas Kohli went to the University of Toronto Mississauga, Ontario, Canada and received an honours degree in Mathematics and Philosophy. He received his MBA from the Schulich School of Business, and also holds a CFA charter.
Max Wickert (original name Maxalbrecht Wickert) was born in Augsburg, Germany, the oldest child of Stephan Phillip Wickert, an artist and art-teacher (later industrial designer), and Thilde (Kellner) Wickert. Four younger children, all sisters, were born between 1940 and 1946. In 1943, he experienced the Allied bombing of his native city and evacuation to Langenneufnach, a small farming village. (These events are later evoked in his short story, The Scythe of Saturn). He received his early education in Langenneufnach, Passau, and Augsburg. In 1952 his family immigrated to Rochester, N.Y., where he completed high school at Aquinas Institute.
William Norris was born December 6, 1820 in Baltimore County, Maryland. He graduated from Yale College in 1840 at the age of nineteen and went to New Orleans to practice law. He headed to California during the 1849 Gold Rush. After his arrival he was appointed Judge Advocate to the United States Pacific Squadron.
William Ralph Maxon, (February 27, 1877, Oneida, New York. - February 25, 1948, ??) was an American botanist and pteridologist. He graduated from Syracuse University with a Ph.B. in 1898, and spent about one year at Columbia University doing post-graduate work on ferns with Lucien Marcus Underwood. In 1899 he accepted a position with the United States National Museum, which was a part of the Smithsonian Institution; he remained at the museum for his entire career. In 1899 he became an aide with the Division of Plants. He was named assistant curator in 1905, associate curator in 1914, and curator of that Division in 1937. He retired in 1946, but continued his association with the museum until his death in 1948.
Earl Chudoff was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He graduated from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in economics in 1929 and from the University of Pittsburgh School of Law in 1932. He worked as a building and loan examiner for the Pennsylvania State Department of Banking from 1936 to 1939. He served as chief boatswain's mate in the United States Coast Guard Reserve from December 1942 to September 1945. He was a member of the Pennsylvania State House of Representatives from 1941 to 1948.
Olavi Svanberg (December 10, 1941, Sysmä, Finland -- August 25, 2002, Lake Ladoga, Russia) was a Finnish ski-orienteering competitor and world champion. He received an individual gold medal at the first World Ski Orienteering Championships in Hyvinkää in 1975, and also won the first gold medal in the relay event with the Finnish team (Pekka Pökälä, Heimo Taskinen, Jorma Karvonen and Olavi Svanberg). He was again world champion in 1982 in Aigen.
Theresa Geller is a professor at Grinnell College. Her courses focus on cinema studies, literary and film theory, and gender studies. Her research interests include film history and aesthetics, popular media, queer theory, cultural studies, and postmodernism. She has published in the journals Senses of Cinema, Rhizomes, and Biography, and has chapters in such scholarly anthologies as Gender After Lyotard and East Asian Cinemas: Exploring Transnational Connections on Film. Her current project examines the subversive possibilities of contemporary genre film and television. Geller earned her B.A. in English and Women's Studies at the University of California at Santa Cruz and her M.A. in English from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. She is also certified in Cinema Studies, Gender and Women's Studies, and Criticism and Interpretive Theory. She received her Ph.D. from Rutgers University.
Rudd was born in Irvington, New Jersey. He is the son of a former Army officer, Jacob S. Rudd (1909--1995), who sold real estate in Maplewood, New Jersey. Mark's mother was Bertha Bass (1912--2009), who was born in Elizabeth, New Jersey, the year after her parents emigrated from Lithuania. Rudd had a brother: David R. Rudd (1939--2009), who became an attorney. Mark Rudd attended Columbia High School in his hometown, and later Columbia University in New York.
Terry Davis was born and raised in Spokane. The son of a housewife and a sales executive, Davis excelled at Shadle Park High School as a wrestler and basketball player, then studied English at Eastern Washington University where he met fellow student Chris Crutcher -- a year his senior. Recognized early as a gifted writer, Davis went from Eastern to study under John Irving at the University of Iowa's Writers' Workshop, and later at Stanford University as an honored Wallace Stegner Literary Fellow. It was here that the novel Vision Quest began to take shape.
Lisa Hickey received a Bachelor of Arts in Psychology and Sociology from the University of Rochester in 1979 where she graduated Cum Laude. Hickey went onto acquire a Certificate in Graphic Design from the Massachusetts College of Art in Boston, Massachusetts.
John Sauven was educated at St Benedict's School, Ealing and trained as an economist at University of Cardiff graduating as a BSc(Econ).
Sir William Barclay Peat (1852 - 1936) was born on the 15th February 1852 in Forebank St Cyrus, Kincardine, Scotland. He was the second son of James Peat and Margaret Barclay (of the banking family that built Barclays Bank, one of England's largest). Born of privilege, Peat studied law at the prestigious Montrose Academy in Scotland, but he did not enter the legal profession.
Jane Langley is a painter born in 1959. She studied at The Royal College of Art, Camberwell, and Chelsea School of Art. She was an Abbey Scholar at the British School of Rome in 1993 and in 2008 a Visiting Fellow, at Goldsmiths, University of London, attached to the Constance Howard Resource and Research Centre in Textiles
George Newall enrolled at Florida State University in 1955. He studied composition with John Boda, winning Florida Composers League awards in 1958, 1959, and 1960.
Matthew T. Ryan was born and raised on Binghamton's West Side, near historic Recreation Park. He graduated from Binghamton Catholic Central High School in 1969. Ryan became interested in politics during his final years in Catholic school, volunteering for the presidential campaign of Robert F. Kennedy. He received his undergraduate degree in environmental studies from Binghamton University. He received a PhD from Arkham University in marine biology. In 1985 he invented a method for controlling forest fires by spraying undergrowth with sodium polyacrylate. WHRW Hi Edd Jones
Jack Eskew (Jackson W. Eskew) (b. June 29, 1940) is a musical arranger/orchestrator based in Los Angeles, California. He studied music at the University of Southern California before beginning his career by touring the United States with various bands.
Nelson Kwei was born the youngest child out of a family of four brothers. His surname is that of his mother's; his father's surname is 'Chen'. He attended Chong Hock Primary School and Anglican High School, as well as Temasek Junior College. He majored in mathematics in the National University of Singapore and minored in computer science. He has received a masters in choral conducting at the Royal Academy of Music, London.
Earnest Jackson (born April 11, 1950 in Hopkins, South Carolina) is a former professional American football cornerback for eight seasons in the NFL for the New Orleans Saints, Atlanta Falcons, and the Detroit Lions. He played college football at Duke University.
De Graeff studied Classical language at Leiden University. In 1597 he married to Aaltje Boelens Loen, and among the couple's children were Cornelis, Andries and Agneta de Graeff van Polsbroek, the mother of Johan de Witt's wife Wendela Bicker. De Graeff was a merchant, and in 1598 became Schepen (alderman), from 1603 a member of the Vroedschap and from 1613-38 mayor of Amsterdam six times. He was first named as mayor of Amsterdam in 1611.
Paine was born in Durham, New Hampshire, the son of Ralph Delahaye Paine, author and journalist, and Katharine Lansing Morse. His older brother, Ralph Delahaye Paine, Jr., was editor and publisher of Fortune magazine and his twin brother was Philbrook Ten Eyck Paine. Paine attended Phillips Academy, graduating in 1929, and Yale University, graduating in 1933. He joined the United States Navy in 1939 and served as a naval attaché in Lima, Peru prior to US involvement in World War II.
Tapani Rinne, one of the best-known and respected contemporary jazz musicians and composers in Finland, studied music at the prestigious Sibelius Academy between 1981 and 1986. As an alumnus of the famed Edward Vesala's Sound & Fury workshops, he continued to experiment with jazz and became one of leading figures in Finland's contemporary jazz scene. Close collaboration eventually lead Edvard Vesala and Rinne to start a new group called RinneRadio and to release the eponymous debut in 1988.
Rachel Galinne (Rachel S. Gluchowicz) (b. 7 February 1949) is an Israeli composer born in Stockholm, Sweden. She graduated from Uppsala University with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1974 and then studied composition with Leon Schidlowsky at the Rubin Academy at Tel-Aviv University, where she graduated with a Bachelor of Music degree in 1984 and a Master of Music degree in 1988. She also studied composition with Witold Lutoslawski in France, and attended Darmstadt.
Duane Swank (born May 28, 1953, Decatur, IL) is a scholar of comparative political economy and the welfare state. His research has attacked the conventional view that the welfare state is in decline and has sought to explain the political origins of different types of modifications to capitalism. Swank is currently a Professor of Political Science at Marquette University. He received his B.A. from Millikin University and his Ph.D. at Northwestern University.
James Ozanne (June 30, 1882 -- January 1963) was an All-American basketball player at the University of Chicago in 1904--05. He was part of the first group of college basketball players to be honored as such. The Helms Athletic Foundation, which began in 1936, retroactively named the All-American teams from 1905 to 1935. Between 1905 and 1929, the Helms All-American teams are considered to be consensus selections.
Kininmonth was born in Forfar, Angus. He was educated at Dunfermline High School and later, George Watson's College in Edinburgh. His first architectural training was with William Thomson of Leith, where he was articled. From 1925-1929 he also attended classes at Edinburgh College of Art under John Begg, where he first met Basil Spence, then a fellow student.
The period immediately following his father's death were so so painful that Lee Hays couldn't bring himself to talk much about it, even to Doris Willens, the writer he selected to be his biographer. His brothers, both recently married, sent him to Emory Junior College in Georgia from which he graduated in 1930 at sixteen (but already over six feet tall and looking much older than his years). He traveled alone to enroll at Hendrix-Henderson College (now Henderson State University) in Arkansas, the Methodist school that his father and siblings had attended, but the expense of their mother's institutionalization and the effects of the Wall Street Crash of 1929 meant that college tuition money was not available for Lee. Instead he moved to Cleveland, Ohio, where his oldest brother, Reuben, who worked in banking, was now located. Reuben found Lee a job as a page in a public library. There the rebellious Hays embarked on an extensive program of self-education, in the process becoming radicalized: Every book that was considered unfit for children to read was marked with a black rubber stamp. So I'd go through the stacks and look for these black stamps. Always the very best books. they weren't locked-up books, just books that would not normally issued to children-- D. H. Lawrence, a number of European novels. Reading those books was like doors opening. Don't forget that the fundamentalist South was a closed, fixed society. The world was made in six days; everything was foreordained and fixed in the universe... . This was the time of the Great Depression... the whole country was in the grip of a terrible sickness, which troubled me as it did everyone else. And I didn't understand it until I started reading Upton Sinclair and the little magazines... Somewhere along in there I became some kind of Socialist, just what kind, I have never figured out. In 1932, Hays moved out of his brother's house into a room at the Cleveland YMCA, where he stayed for two years. Hearing about the activities of the radical white Presbyterian minister Claude C. Williams, a Christian Marxist, who had become converted to the cause of racial equality and was trying to organize a coal miners' union in Paris, Arkansas. Hays decided to return to Arkansas and join Williams in his work. He enrolled at the College of the Ozarks, a Presbyterian school that allows students to work in lieu of tuition, intending to study for the ministry and devote his life to the poor and dispossessed. There he met a fellow student, Zilphia Johnson (later Zilphia Horton), another acolyte of Williams, who was to become almost as important in Hays' life as Williams himself. An accomplished musician and singer, Zilphia had broken with her father, who was the owner of the Arkansas coal mine that Williams was trying to organize, and had become a union organizer herself. Hays moved in with Williams and his family: ``I got to be his Williams' chief helper for quite a while'', he later wrote. From 1934 to 1940, writes Doris Willens, ``Williams was the dominant figure Hays' life--a surrogate father--a man of the cloth but with a radical difference''. The following year, Williams was dismissed by the elders of his Paris, Arkansas, church for being too radical (i.e., for fraternizing with blacks) and was subsequently jailed, beaten, and almost killed when he tried to organize an interracial hunger march of tenant farmers in Fort Smith, Arkansas, near the Oklahoma border. His life was only saved because his activities attracted newspaper publicity and the attention of northerners. One of these was Willard Uphaus, a professor of divinity at Yale University, who had recently been appointed executive secretary of the National Religion and Labor Foundation, and who became Williams' admirer and supporter. After his release from jail, Williams moved his family away from Fort Smith to Little Rock to get them out of harms way. Hays dropped out of school in order to follow them, living on odd jobs for a time. He then went to visit Zilphia, who had married Myles Horton, a founder and the director of the Highlander Folk School, an adult education and labor organizing school in Monteagle, Tennessee.
Carroll D. Kearns was born in Youngstown, PA, and moved with his parents to New Castle, PA, in 1901. He was a student in the Army Training Corps at the University of Pittsburgh in 1918, at the Chicago Musical College in Chicago, receiving a B.M. in 1921 and D.M. in 1948. He also received a B.S. from Westminster College in New Wilmington, PA, in 1933, and an M.E. from the University of Pittsburgh, in 1938. He took special studies at Penn State College at State College, PA in 1932 and 1933. He was engaged in the construction business in Chicago from 1925 through 1929. He taught school and engaged in educational work in supervisory and administrative positions in Illinois and Pennsylvania from 1924 through 1947, and also pursued a musical career as a concert artist and conductor.
Arthur Elvin was made a Member of the Order of the British Empire in 1945 and received his knighthood from King George VI in 1947 for the efforts in staging the 1948 Olympic Games.
Prof. Dr. John Boldeman is an Australian nuclear scientist and recipient of the 2007 ANZAAS Medal. He was born in Longreach Queensland, the eldest of seven children born to Harold and Eileen Boldeman. He spent much of his childhood in Maryborough, Queensland and attended the Maryborough Christian Brothers High School and then Nudgee College. He went on to study physics at the University of Queensland and joined the then Australian Atomic Energy Commission on graduation, continuing his studies in association with his work. Dr Boldeman received a lifetime contribution award for his work on the ANTARES Tandem Accelerator and the Australian Synchrotron.
Robert MacCrate is a 1939 graduate of Brooklyn Friends School, a 1943 graduate of Haverford College, and a 1948 graduate of the Harvard Law School. He received honorary doctorates from Union College in 1986, Haverford College in 1987, Dickinson College in 1987, William Mitchell in 1994, Quinnipiac Law School in 1995, C.U.N.Y. Law School, and University of South Carolina in 2004.
Christopher Ashy was born in Dallas, Texas. He graduated from Georgetown University School of Foreign Service in 1968, and received an M.B.A. from the University of Texas Graduate School of Business in 1970. At Georgetown, he was Bill Clinton's roommate. He also attended the MIT Sloan School of Management and Harvard Business School. He spent four years as a Marine Corps and served in Vietnam.
Joseph Churba (c. 1934 - 18 April 1996) was a United States Air Force Middle East intelligence expert, author, and political activist known for his support of Israel. Churba was born in Brooklyn, New York City into a Jewish family which was originally from Syria. He spoke both Hebrew and Arabic. He graduated from Brooklyn College in 1957, and from Columbia University in 1965 with a degree in Middle East studies.
Doug Corella attended Central Michigan University in Mt. Pleasant, MI. He studied with Robert Hohner, and performed with the Robert Hohner Percussion Ensemble. He now teaches at Rowe Clark Math and Science Academy as the Music Teacher. Rowe Clark is a branch of the highly recommended Noble Street Charter Schools.
Chris Carter was born on 4 May 1952, and brought up in the Auckland suburb of Panmure. He was educated at St Peter's College, Auckland and at the University of Auckland where he received an MA(Hons) in history.
The show originated in 1970 as Tebelak's master's thesis project, under the direction of Lawrence Carra, at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. A version was performed at Carnegie Mellon in 1970, with several of the cast members from the CMU Music Department. Tebelak then directed the show, with much of the student cast, for a two-week, ten performance run at La MaMa Experimental Theatre Club (aka Cafe la Mama), New York City, opening February 24, 1971. It was brought to the attention of producers Edgar Lansbury (brother of Angela Lansbury) and Joseph Beruh by Carnegie alumnus Charles Haid (associate producer), who wanted to open it Off-Broadway.
Brigadier General George J. Walker was a graduate of Mercer University in Macon, Georgia and received a Masters Degree in Political Science from Auburn University in Montgomery, Alabama. General Walker's military service began when he entered the US Army Reserves in 1954 and served in the Reserves as an enlisted soldier until his graduation from Mercer University at which time he was commissioned a second lieutenant and entered active duty in November 1956. General Walker served six years in the Quartermaster Corps of the Army and the remainder of his active service in Military Intelligence. He served tours in France, Germany, Korea and Vietnam as well as stateside assignments at Seneca Army Depot, Romulus, New York; Fort Holabird, Maryland; Fort Leavenworth, Kansas; Fort Huachuca, Arizona; Fort Hood, Texas; Washington, DC; and Fort McPherson, Georgia.
In 1934, Anatoli Vasiliev entered at the Tavricheskaya Art School, where he studied under S. Bootler, S. Chugunov, V. Levitsky, and M. Aslamazian.
Charles Brown was born in Alabama and raised in Cleveland, Ohio the son of Mack Brown Sr. His siblings included brothers Mack Jr. and Ramon and sister Shirley. After serving in the U.S. Navy during the Vietnam War, Brown studied theater at Howard University, in Washington, D.C. He performed with that city's D.C. Black Repertory Company, and elsewhere.
Thomas Greanias (born February 19, 1965 in Wilmette, Illinois) is an American novelist. He is also the founder and CEO of the new media development, production and finance company Thomas Greanias Entertainment. Greanias graduated from New Trier High School in Winnetka, Illinois in 1983. Greanias graduated from Northwestern University in 1987 with a bachelors degree and a masters degree in journalism. While still in college, he began reporting from Washington, D.C. as an on-air correspondent for NBC television affiliates.
John Southworth was born in Cuckfield, West Sussex, England. He is the son of U.K pop producer/songwriter Peter Shelley, who wrote and produced numerous U.K/European hits for Alvin Stardust and as a solo artist in the seventies. At age eight, he moved with his family to Vancouver, Canada, and then a few years later to Toronto. Southworth first started playing guitar at age ten, and at age sixteen began writing poetry and songs. He attended Upper Canada College, but left before his last year to attend a local high school, Northern Secondary.
An active artist since youth, Jen Michaelis studied Studio Arts and Broadcasting at Colby Community College in Colby, KS from 1999 to 2000 and Studio Arts and Education at Wichita State University in Wichita, KS in 2000.
She won gold at the 2009 IIHF World Women's U18 Championship. On January 28, 2011, it was announced that Decker was named to the preliminary roster for the U.S. Women's National Team. From April 4 to 12, 2011, she was one of 30 players that took part in a selection / training camp and was named to the final roster that participated at the 2011 IIHF Women's World Championship. At the 2011 IIHF Women's World Championship, Brianna Decker was among the tournament's top five scorers. Decker's 11 points (four goals, seven assists) placed her second.
Mladen Bestvina is a three-time medalist at the International Mathematical Olympiad (two silver medals in 1976 and 1978 and a bronze medal in 1977). He received a B. Sc. in 1982 from the University of Zagreb. He obtained a PhD in Mathematics in 1984 at the University of Tennessee under the direction of John Walsh. Bestvina had been a faculty member at UCLA, and joined the faculty in the Department of Mathematics at the University of Utah in 1993. He was appointed a Distinguished Professor at the University of Utah in 2008. Bestvina received the Alfred P. Sloan Fellowship in 1988--89 and a Presidential Young Investigator Award in 1988--91.
Kabir Mulchandani was termed as 'Mumbai's Marketer' by the Economist magazine in 1998. He is currently based in Dubai, where he was arrested for fraud in 2009 and then acquitted of all charges 2010. He is currently the Chief Executive Officer of SKAİ, a Dubai-based real estate investment firm that launched operations in 2011. Previously, Mr. Mulchandani served at Baron International and Baron Electronics, two Mumbai-based, family-owned firms that specialised in the distribution and sale of consumer electronics. He pursued his undergraduate studies at Stanford University, in the United States, where he majored in industrial engineering, and earlier graduated from Phillips Exeter Academy.
After demobilization Ivan Varichev entered at the Tavricheskaya Art School in Leningrad, which he graduated in 1951. After graduation Ivan Varichev was adopted at the first course of Department of Painting at the Leningrad Institute of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture named after Ilya Repin, where he studied of Ivan Stepashkin, Vitaly Valtsev, Piotr Belousov.
David Farley, born September 25, 1971 is an American author and journalist. He is originally from Dubuque, Iowa, but spent his formative years in Simi Valley, California. He graduated from Simi Valley High School and received a bachelor's degree from University of California, Santa Cruz and a master's degree in European history from San Francisco State University.
Basil Eastwood was educated at Eton College (from 1957 until 1962) and Merton College, Oxford, where he studied history, and, later, Arabic.
From Cairns, Henrietta Marrie undertook at Masters in Environmental and Local Government Law (through Macquarie University). Her interests and concerns moved to biocultural diversity, indigenous intellectual property, and traditional ecological knowledge, and as such, by 1997, she had moved on and taken up a position with the United Nations Secretariat for the Convention on Biological Diversity, where she was the first Aboriginal Australian to be appointed to a full-time professional position in a United Nations agency.
Orsatti attended Los Angeles Manual Arts High School playing third base for the baseball team. In 1923 he won a bat with which Babe Ruth had hit the first home run in Yankee Stadium. The bat was the prize given by the Los Angeles Evening Herald for a high school home run hitting contest they sponsored. He then attended the University of Southern California playing quarterback on the 1925 and 1926 football teams, wearing number 5, and also playing baseball and running track and field.
She is married to James Longenbach, a poet, critic and fellow professor at the English Department. Like Scott, he is also a graduate of Trinity College (Class of 1981). They have two children.
L. Randolph Lowry III was born in Long Beach, California. He graduated with a B.A. in political science and an M.A. in public administration from Pepperdine University. He received a J.D. from Hamline University.
Joshua Furst (born March 19, 1971) is an American fiction writer. Born in Boulder, Colorado, he lived for much of his early life in rural Wisconsin. He studied as an undergraduate at New York University's Tisch School of the Arts, receiving a BFA in Dramatic Writing in 1993 and did graduate work at The University of Iowa Writers' Workshop, from which he received an MFA with Honors in 2001.
Joseph Dwight was born in Hatfield, Massachusetts on October 16, 1703. He graduated from Harvard College in 1722 and was admitted to the bar in Worcester in 1733 and was the first member of the Worcester Country Bar. He was eleven times a member of the Massachusetts colonial council between 1731 and 1751, and its speaker in 1748-9. During this time he had become a colonel of militia, he become the brigadier general on 20 February 1745, and was second in command at the attack on Louisburg in that year, where he led in person the ``Ancient and honorable company of artillery of Boston,'' General Pepperell commended Joseph Dwight for his courage and skill. In 1756 he commanded a brigade of Massachusetts militia, at Lake Champlain, in the second French and Indian War.
The son of Francis and Joan Venning, he was born in Devon, perhaps at Kingsteignton, about 1621. He was the first convert of George Hughes, the puritan vicar of Tavistock. He was educated at Emmanuel College, Cambridge, where he was admitted as a sizar on 1 April 1643, graduated B.A. 1646, and proceeded M.A. 1650.
Gervais (George Paul Gervais Jr.) was born in Waterville, Maine in 1946 to George Paul and Doris Boyd Gervais. He is eleventh generation American, directly descended in the paternal line from old colonial American families. His first American paternal ancestor was Elie de Bédée des Aulnais, a Huguenot aristocrat, born on the island of Jersey, of a French protestant family of Anger and Brittany, who fled France after the repeal of the Edict of Nantes. Elie de Bédée emigrated to New England in 1707. Paul Gervais's father was born George Paul Beede, in Lowell, Massachusetts, 1908, but took the name of his step-father, Gervais, when he was 26 years old. Gervais's mother, Doris Boyd, was born in Brooklyn, Connecticut in 1916. Her father, Samuel McCausland Boyd of Northern Ireland, immigrated to the United States in 1884, and her mother, Yvonne Charbonneau, was a descendant of Olivier Charbonneau, one of the earliest settlers of New France. Paul Gervais attended St. Michael's College where he earned his B.A. in 1969. Gervais also attended San Francisco State University where he studied poetry with Robert Creeley. He earned his M.F.A. from the San Francisco Art Institute in 1980. He became a full-time writer in 1984. He met Gil Cohen, his companion, in 1974, and together they have lived in Boston, San Francisco, Point Reyes, California, New York City, and in Lucca, Italy. Their home, Villa Massei, in Lucca, which they bought in 1981, has been widely published in numerous books and magazines for its extraordinary garden, created by its owners, which is visited annually by thousands of garden lovers from all over the world.
Graham Smith (born in Bexley, 19 January 1938) is a milliner from Kent, England. He was educated at Dartford Grammar School before studying at Bromley College of Art, 1956--57, and the Royal College of Art, London, 1958--59.
Ole Borch (Jutland, 1626 -- 1690) (latinized to Olaus Borrichius) was a Danish scientist, physician, grammarian, and poet, most famous today for being the teacher at the Vor Frue Skole in Copenhagen of Nicholas Steno. Borch had studied medicine at the University of Copenhagen and distinguished himself in the plague of 1654, when a third of Copenhagen's population died. In 1655 he was patronized by Joachim Gersdorff, the royal seneschal. In 1660 he became a professor philology at the University of Copenhagen and in 1666 of chemistry and botany.
Hugo Weidel was born in Vienna in 1849. He studied at the Vienna University of Technology with Heinrich Hlasiwetz. He later moved to the University of Heidelberg, Germany, and obtained a PhD degree there in 1870. After returning to Vienna, Weidel became assistant of Hlasiwetz in 1871. During that time, he started his research on oxidation products of cinchonine and nicotine alkaloids. He became lecturer at the University in 1874, and, after Ludwig Barth von Barthenau became the chair of the department, Weidel could intensify his research on alkaloids. Although the oxidation of nicotine was already known, Weidel was the first to isolate large enough amounts to determine the properties of the material. That work earned him the Lieben Prize in 1880. In 1886, Weidel became professor for agricultural chemistry at the pedology institute in Vienna. Most of his time there was occupied by lecturing and educating students. After the retirement of von Barth in 1891, he returned to his previous institute and assumed a position of full professor. In 1890, Weidel became member of the Austrian Academy of Sciences and in 1898 he received the Decoration of the Iron Crown of the emperor of Austria. Without any sign of illness, he delivered his lecture on the morning of June 7, 1899, but died after a few hours from a heart problem.
Richardson was born in New York City, the son of Bob Richardson, a fashion photographer who struggled with schizophrenia and drug abuse. Richardson was raised in Hollywood, a neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, where he attended Hollywood High School; and Ojai, California, where he attended Nordhoff High School. He was shy as a teenager and at some times deemed ``completely lacking in social skills''. He played bass guitar in the punk rock band The Invisible Government for 5 years. Richardson began photography when the band broke up and his mother introduced him to Tony Kent, a photographer who hired him as an assistant.
British singer and former member of pop group, S Club 7, Jo O'Meara attended Clockhouse Junior School.
Achille Cattaneo attended the courses of drawing and architecture at the Brera Academy, where he was taught by Emilio Gola, from 1888 to 1896. He began to work within the tradition of 19th-century urban painting, producing views of the Milanese canals and especially interiors of churches in Milan and Venice. His work was shown for the first time at the Milan Società delle Belle Arti in 1900 and he achieved fame in the 1920s. He held a solo show at the Bottega di Poesia in 1925 and took part in the first exhibition of the Novecento Italiano movement (Milan, 1926). His works were shown at the Venice Biennale (Esposizione Internazionale d’Arte di Venezia) in 1924, 1926 and 1928 and in Milan (Esposizione Nazionale di Milano) in 1925 and 1927.
Eugene Scalia is a partner in the Washington D.C. office of the law firm Gibson Dunn LLP and son of United States Supreme Court Associate Justice Antonin Scalia. Scalia graduated from the University of Virginia and received his Juris Doctor (J.D.) from the University of Chicago Law School.
A nephew of historian Johann Christoph Adelung, Friedrich von Adelung was born in Stettin. He graduated from Leipzig University, traveled across Europe and settled in Saint Petersburg in 1794. After a brief state service in Mitau (1795--1797), Adelung relocated to Saint Petersburg for the rest of his life. He assumed the role of a state supervisor for the German-Russian community, first in German book censorship, later (1801) as the manager of German-language theaters. In 1803 he was appointed as a tutor to Grand Duke Nicholas, heir apparent and the future Tsar, and his brother Michael. A collection of antiques compiled by Adelung and sold in 1804 to Vasiliy Karazin, founder of the Kharkiv University, formed the nucleus of Kharkiv University library. Adelung was an honorary professor of Kharkiv and Derpt universities since 1809. In 1819 Adelung joined the Foreign Ministry service, and in 1825 assumed control of its Institute of Oriental Languages. At that time it was the only college in Europe offering studies in Persian and Turkish languages. He was elected to the American Philosophical Society in 1819.
Paul Scott Mowrer (July 14, 1887- April 7, 1971) was an American newspaper correspondent, born in Bloomington, Illinois. He studied at the University of Michigan and began his newspaper career as a reporter in Chicago, in 1905. He was a correspondent at the front during the 1st Balkan War and again in the War in Europe from 1914 to 1918. In 1921 he acted as special correspondent of the Disarmament Conference. In 1929 he was awarded the first Pulitzer Prize for Correspondence while at the Chicago Daily News. He also contributed many articles to magazines on world politics. In 1968, he was named Poet Laureate of New Hampshire.
Bitensky earned a DMA in composition at Cornell University and an MM in composition at Ithaca College. His primary composition teachers include Steven Stucky, Dana Wilson, Roberto Sierra, and Karel Husa. He also studied piano with Stephen Drury at the New England Conservatory of Music where he earned a B.M. in piano performance.
The unified high school, named Loveland Hurst High School, was eventually located on the Hamilton County side of the city. Ann Donahue, a Loveland High School graduate, modeled the set of the television show M.Y.O.B. after this building. It also featured in the made-for-TV movie The Pride of Jesse Hallam.
Professor Russell Menard of the University of Minnesota specializes in the economic and social history of the British colonies in North America. He earned his Ph.D. at the University of Iowa in 1975. Most of his work has been on the economic, demographic, and social history of the Chesapeake region during the early colonial period, but his research interests include the origins of plantation slavery in British America, the economic development of the Lower South in the 18th century, and late 19th-century U.S. social history. Most recently he has been doing work on the West Indies.
Richard Foreman has written, directed and designed over fifty of his own plays both in New York City and abroad. Five of his plays have received ``OBIE'' awards as best play of the year--and he has received five other ``OBIE'S'' for directing and for 'sustained achievement'. He has received the annual Literature award from the American Academy and Institute of Arts and Letters, a ``Lifetime Achievement in the Theater'' award from the National Endowment for the Arts, the PEN Club Master American Dramatist Award, a MacArthur ``Genius'' Fellowship, and in 2004 was elected officer of the Order of Arts and Letters of France. His archives and work materials have recently been acquired by the Bobst Library at New York University (NYU).
Richard Foreman has written, directed and designed over fifty of his own plays both in New York City and abroad. He has received three Obie Awards for Best Play of the Year, and he has received four other Obies for directing and for ``sustained achievement''. He has received the annual Literature Award from the American Academy and Institute of Arts and Letters, a ``Lifetime Achievement in the Theater'' award from the National Endowment for the Arts, the PEN American Center Master American Dramatist Award, a MacArthur Fellowship, and in 2004 was elected an officer of the Order of Arts and Letters of France. His archives and work materials have been acquired by the Fales Library at New York University (NYU).
Annika Billstam (born March 8, 1976) is a Swedish orienteering competitor living in Stockholm. Formerly competing for OK Linné in Uppsala, Annika moved to Stockholm and switched to IFK Lidingö in the winter of 2007. She earned a silver medal in the relay at the 2007 World Orienteering Championships in Kiev. She followed that with bronze medals in the long distance and the relay at the 2008 World Orienteering Championships in the Czech Republic.
Though her mother taught in the public school system, Ita Ford was educated in parochial schools, beginning at age five in the Visitation Academy in Bay Ridge, run by the Visitation Sisters, a semi-cloistered order. She attended Fontbonne Hall Academy, a high school operated by the Sisters of St. Joseph, where she worked on the school newspaper. Finally, from 1957 to 1961, she attended Marymount Manhattan College, founded by the Religious of the Sacred Heart of Mary. (Marymount Manhattan split from its mother school, Marymount College, in 1961).
``SOLDIER IS FIANCE OF MISS M'ARTHUR. Georges Spencer Thenault and Ex-Student at the Sorbonne Will Be Wed. Special to The New York Times. WASHINGTON, March 26- The engagement of Miss Beatrice Ashmead MacArthur, daughter of Mrs. Littlefield MacArthur of Washington and Lake Worth, Fla., and of Bowman McCalla MacArthur, also of Washington, to Pvt. Georges Spencer Thenault, U.S.A., has been announced by her mother. The prospective bridegroom is the son of Mme. Georges Thenault of Paris and the late Lieutenant Colonel Georges Thenault, one-time air attache at the French Embassy. Miss MacArthur is a grand-daughter of the late Capt. Arthur MacArthur, U.S.N., brother of General of the Army Douglas MacArthur. Their father was the late Lieut. Gen. Arthur MacArthur, U.S.A. The prospective bride is a grand-daughter also of Mrs. MacArthur of Chevy Chase, Md., Mrs. W. L. Littlefield of Lake Worth and the late Captain Littlefield, U.S.N. She is an alumna of the Holton-Arms School here and studied also at the Sorbonne. Miss MacArthur, who was presented to society here several seasons ago, belongs to the Junior League of Washington. Private Thenault, a graduate of Georgia Institute of Technology, is stationed at Edgewater, Md. He is a grandson of the late Judge and Mrs. O. M. Spencer of St. Joseph, Mo., and the late M. and Mme. Paul Thenault of Coulombiers, France.''
Douglas Crise was born to Glenn Crise, a retired mail carrier, and Catherine, a homemaker. The middle child of the family, Crise grew up in Smithton, Pennsylvania. In 1979, Crise graduated from Yough High School and soon began to work as a meat cutter at Shop 'n Save in Mount Pleasant, Pennsylvania. Crise graduated from the University of Pittsburgh with a degree in film studies and moved to Los Angeles to find work in the film industry, working for a little while as a movie lot truck driver. After a short stay in Los Angeles, Crise returned to Pittsburgh for a year before returning to California to work as a film editor. For months, Crise worked as an unpaid intern, apprentice, and assistant editor for very little money. Crise eventually worked his way up the film industry working as an assistant editor. In 1997, Crise worked as an assistant editor on the film Clockwatchers, with lead editor, Stephen Mirrione. This was the beginning of what would be a long-lasting collaboration between Crise and Mirrione. Eventually, Crise and Mirrione collaborated as co-editors on Alejandro González Iñárritu's 2006 film, Babel. For their work on the film, Crise and Mirrione received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Editing, the BAFTA Award for Best Editing, the Online Film Critics Society Award for Best Editing, and the Satellite Award for Best Editing. In addition to this, Crise and Mirrione won the 2007 ACE Eddie Award for Best Edited Feature Film - Dramatic tying with Thelma Schoonmaker for The Departed, making it only the second tie in ACE Eddie Award history.
William Turner was born at Kilmallock, Ireland. He received his education at Mungret College in Limerick, at the Royal University of Ireland, and at the Propaganda College in Rome. He was ordained to the priesthood on August 13, 1893. The following year he began his career as a professor at St. Paul's Seminary. He later became professor of philosophy at the Catholic University of America.
Otto Degener was born May 13, 1899 in East Orange, New Jersey. Degener graduated from the Massachusetts Agricultural College (now University of Massachusetts Amherst). Intending to spend a year as a tourist, he arrived in Hawaii but decided to stay. He received his MA from the University of Hawaii in 1922 and his PhD from Columbia University. He taught Botany at the University of Hawaii from 1925 to 1927, and was the first naturalist for what are now Hawaii Volcanoes National Park and Haleakala National Park.
Jesse Racusen is a Boston native who specializes in illustrative painting. Raised in Dorchester, Massachusetts, Jesse recently graduated from Pratt Institute in Brooklyn, NY with a BFA in Illustration/ Communications Design. A key contributor to Artists for Humanity, a South Boston non-profit organization, Jesse spent the majority of his summers in college working with young aspiring artists from the inner-city of Boston.
Reinhold holds an MSc in Business Administration from Stockholm School of Economics and has worked in the banking sector for over 15 years, including at Föreningssparbanken, where he was CEO. He has also studied the Harvard Business School's Executive Program. Reinhold Geijer is presently CEO of Nordisk Renting and Head of the Nordic Region for the Royal Bank of Scotland. Most recently and in parallel, Reinhold was Chairman of BU Europe Transition Group for separating ABN AMRO into the Consortium Banks: Royal Bank of Scotland, Fortis and Santander.
Dustin Hopkins is an American football kicker who plays for the Florida State Seminoles. He was born in Austin, Texas but raised in Houston, Texas, where he attended Clear Lake High School. He was recruited by Florida State when then Seminoles special teams coordinator Jody Allen watched high school game film of Hopkins' kickoffs. Interest was also shown by Notre Dame.
Nahla Chahal is a writer, journalist, researcher and activist, born to an Iraqi mother and Lebanese father, who were both communist militants. She was one of the leaders of the Organization of Communist Action of Lebanon and a participant in the Lebanese Communist Party. She is also a columnist at Al Hayat pan Arabic newspaper, which is published in London. She taught at the Lebanese University for eleven years, then she later moved to Paris to focus more on research and is now president of the Arab Women Researchers Association.
Dr. Reji Philip is an experimental physicist at the Raman Research Institute, Bangalore, who works in the areas of nonlinear optics and ultra-fast spectroscopy. He completed his PhD from Cochin University of Science and Technology (CUSAT) and had post-doctoral stints at the University of Regensburg, Germany (with Prof. Alfons Penzkofer) and the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research (TIFR), Mumbai (with Prof. G.Ravindra Kumar). He also had sabbatical visits to Prof. D.V.G.L.N. Rao's lab at the University of Massachusetts Boston.
Growing up in New Haven, Wayne Pacelle enjoyed reading natural history as a child and developed an early concern about mistreatment of animals. He attended Notre Dame High School and subsequently graduated with degrees in history and environmental studies from Yale University, where William Cronon served as his adviser. Pacelle's environmental studies sensitized him to the fact that ``a destructive attitude toward animals in the natural world, along with innovations in technology, could produce colossal damage to animals and ecosystems''. His activism led to his appointment in 1989, at age 23, as Executive Director of The Fund for Animals, the organization founded by Cleveland Amory.
Lord Goff, High Steward of the University of Oxford, retired in 1998 as Senior Law Lord after more than a decade as a Lord of Appeal in Ordinary in the House of Lords. Prior to being created a Law lord and receiving a life peerage as Baron Goff of Chieveley in the County of Berkshire in 1986, Lord Goff studied at Eton College and at New College, Oxford.
He was selected for the South Carolina Black Hall of Fame and given a ``key to the state'', which proclaimed May 14 as Bill Pinkney Day. The cities of Sumter, Bamberg, and Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, each presented its ``key to the city'' to Pinkney. He also was honored by the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. In 2002, Pinkney received an Honorary Doctorate of Fine Music from Coastal Carolina University. During his final years, he still toured and recorded with The Original Drifters, while encouraging young talent in their musical endeavors.
Billy Marshall Stoneking was born in Orlando, Florida, the second child of Charles and Florence Marshall. Born William Randolph Marshall on 31 August 1947 (his sister, Barbara, named him 'Randolph' after her favorite movie actor, Randolph Scott, and his mother selected 'William', after an old family friend, later aide de camp to President John F. Kennedy). The name ``Stoneking'' derives from his paternal great-grandfather, Reuben Stoneking (of Hundred, WV, Wetzel County), who abandoned mother and child shortly after his grandfather was born. Stoneking's early years were spent growing up on military bases around the United States, including Randolph Field (Texas) and Fort Slocum (New York). When his father retired in 1961, the family moved to northern California where he attended high school in Folsom and Rancho Cordova, California. He graduated from California State University (Sacramento) in 1970, majoring in English, with minors in philosophy and education; and in 1972, he migrated to Australia. ``The bumper stickers said, 'America, love it or leave it', so I left.'' In 1983, after more than a decade living in Australia, four years of which were spent living with tribal Aboriginal people 275 km west northwest of Alice Springs, Stoneking graduated from the Australian Film, Television and Radio School in Sydney, specialising in screenwriting.
Simon Williams graduated in 1985 with a first class honours degree in Social Science from the Polytechnic of Central London (now the University of Westminster), followed by a Masters degree in Sociology as Applied to Medicine (medical sociology) in 1986 and a doctorate in Sociology in 1990 -- both at Royal Holloway and Bedford New College, University of London. He then worked as a Research Fellow at the University of Kent in the Centre for Health Services Studies from 1990-1992 before moving to a full-time lectureship in Sociology at the University of Warwick in 1992, where he has been ever since, becoming a full Professor of Sociology in 2005.
In July 2010, Deborah Meaden was awarded an honorary degree from the University of Exeter Business School. She also received an honorary degree from Staffordshire University in the same month.
Joanna Chmielewska graduated as an architect in 1954 from Warsaw University of Technology, and worked as a designer before devoting herself to writing. Her first short story was published in the magazine Kultura i Życie (Culture and Life) in 1958 and her first novel, Klin (The Wedge), in 1964. She loves horse races and gambling: both hobbies have been mentioned extensively in her books. She is also a connoisseur of amber, a passion which form the basis for her 1998 novel Złota mucha (The Golden Fly).
C. William O'Neill (The C stands for nothing) (February 14, 1916 - August 20, 1978) was a Republican politician from Ohio. He was born in Marietta, Ohio. He was the 59th Governor of Ohio. He graduated from both Marietta College (1938) and The Ohio State University Moritz College of Law (1942). While at Marietta he joined The Delta Upsilon University.
Anne St. Clair Wright was born in 1910 in Newport News, Virginia, the daughter of U.S. naval officer Arthur St.Clair Smith and Anna Lena Salley. She lived in Annapolis, France, China, Panama, and Japan during her childhood. While living in Beijing as a girl she attended the Peking American School as a member of the class of 1928. She was a graduate of Mary Baldwin College (Staunton, Virginia) and the Maryland Institute College of Art (Baltimore, Maryland) where she received her Bachelors of Art degree in 1932. In 1932 she married Joseph Martin Pickett Wright, U.S. naval officer, in Panama. During the 1930s she worked as a muralist and ceramicist in Maryland and Washington D.C. Her family settled in Annapolis just prior to the Second World War. She raised three sons, two of whom became officers in the United States Navy and one of whom is a professor of Anthropology. Throughout her life she was a passionate gardener. At the time of her death in 1993, she was still engaged in preservation action in Annapolis and the United States
Andrew Crawford (born July 27, 1971) is an Irish Entrepreneur and the former CEO & Founder of The Book Depository. He was born in Zambia, of Irish Heritage. Crawford, an Old Gregorian was educated at Downside School and then The University of Liverpool studying Engineering Science and Industrial Management. After a brief spell working for his family firm, Crawford worked in the 1990s in Security and Specialist Risk Management working as a Private Security Contractor throughout EMEA. Having been part of the startup team for Bookpages.co.uk sold to Amazon.com, he went on to found The Book Depository in 2004 which is working to make ``All Books Available to All''.
Hoar had high ambitions for Harvard as research centre, as he wrote to Robert Boyle at this time. He was the first president of Harvard College who was also a graduate of it; but he was not well liked by his students or the people of Massachusetts, in part because of his radical religious views. The facts of his time in office remain obscure. Samuel Sewall was educated at Harvard by Hoar, one of only three students to graduate from Harvard in 1673. He was also one of the few to come to Hoar's defense in 1674 or 1675, just before Hoar was forced to resign. Some members of the corporation had combined against him, with the result that all the students, with the exception of three, had left. Sewall later argued that
Andrew Richter, Ph.D., is an assistant professor in the department of political science at the University of Windsor in Windsor, Ontario, Canada. Dr. Richter obtained his Ph.D. from York University in 1998, and between 1998 and 2001 was a post-doctoral fellow at the Institute of International Relations at the University of British Columbia. He is currently a research fellow for the Canadian Defence and Foreign Affairs Institute.
Andrew Weil was born June 8, 1942 in Philadelphia, PA to parents of German and Ukrainian descent. His parents owned a millinery store. He attended Harvard College and Harvard Medical School. As an undergraduate, Weil majored in botany and wrote his thesis on the narcotic properties of nutmeg, and also served as an editor of the Harvard Crimson and the Harvard Lampoon. After medical school, Weil did not seek residency. He completed a medical internship at Mt. Zion Hospital in San Francisco and subsequently worked for a year with the National Institute of Mental Health. From 1971-1974, he traveled throughout South America as a fellow for the Institute of Current World Affairs. He published his first book, The Natural Mind, in 1972. Weil has since written or co-written nine books, and was a regular contributor to High Times magazine from 1975 to 1983. His early works explored altered states of consciousness, but he has since expanded his scope to encompass healthy lifestyles and health care in general. In the last ten years, Weil has focused much of his work on the health concerns of older Americans. His book, Healthy Aging, looks at growing older from a physical, social and cross-cultural perspective, and emphasizes that aging cannot be reversed, but can be accompanied by good health, ``serenity, wisdom, and its own kind of power and grace''. His book, Why our Health Matters, is focused on health care reform.
Liu Zhennian () (1898 in Nangong, Hebei, China - May 13, 1935) was a Chinese military commander during the Warlord Era and Nanjing decade in the history of the Republic of China. Liu graduated from the Baoding Military Academy and served as a regimental and brigade commander under the warlords Li Jinglin, Zhu Yupu, and Zhang Zongchang. After the defeat of Zhang Zongchang, Liu switched sides his forces were absorbed by the Kuomintang. He captured and killed his former patron Zhu Yupu on 4 September 1929. Subsequently Liu was appointed commander of the 21st Division in 1930.
By the age of twelve, Day was painting quite accomplished landscapes of south China scenes in both oil and watercolor. One of his most cherished books on art was a book on the drawings of Claude Lorrain that he acquired as a teenager, before he began his studies at the Art Students League of New York. These early inspirations are reflected in the work done by Day throughout his career.
Barry Pullen was born in 1939 in Melbourne, Victoria to parents Thomas Pullen, a fibrous plasterer, and Ellen Roderick. He is married to Margaret Ackerly with three daughters. Barry Pullen attended Moreland State School, Moreland Central School, Coburg High School. He studied at University of Melbourne and RMIT to become a civil engineer.
Sir James Wilson Robertson, KT, GCMG, GCVO, KBE, Order of the Nile (4th class), KStJ (1899--1983) was the last British Head of Nigeria. He was educated at Merchiston Castle School in Edinburgh and Balliol College, Oxford. After Oxford he joined the Sudan Political Service from 1922 to 1953, serving appointments in Blue Nile, White Nile, Fung and Kordofan provinces and was the Civil Secretary from 1945 to 1953. He was then sent to British Guiana in January 1954 by Oliver Lyttelton, the then Secretary of State for the Colonies to write the Robertson Commission Report to investigate the current crisis in the country due to the election of the People's Progressive Party, who were seen as too friendly with communist organisations which had led to the suspension of the constitution.
In July 2002, Brian Noble received an honorary doctorate from the University of Bradford for his achievements as a rugby league player both at national level, with Bradford Northern and in recognition of his contributions to the Bradford Bulls as first team coach.
Debbie Thrower (born 17 November 1957) is a British television presenter who anchored for ITV Meridian's flagship news programme (the Southern edition of) Meridian Tonight from its inception in 1993 to 2009. She was educated at Edgehill College, formerly a girls' independent school in Bideford, Devon.
Brian Willison was born in Moorestown, New Jersey. He attended the Moorestown Friends School (Moorestown, New Jersey) in its Lower and Middle school programs. After transferring, Willison graduated from The Lawrenceville School (Lawrenceville, New Jersey) in 1995. He attended Washington University (St. Louis, Missouri) where he graduated with a Bachelor's Degree in 1999. Willison received his Master's Degree from the Parsons School of Design in 2005.
Grace Krilanovich moved to the Los Angeles area from Santa Cruz, California in 2003. She attended San Francisco State University for her undergraduate studies, where she received a Bachelor of Arts degree in American Studies. She then went on to receive a Master of Fine Arts in Writing at the California Institute of the Arts, where she graduated in 2005. She currently works at The Los Angeles Times.
In October 2006, Yale University student Aleksey Vayner applied for a job with UBS AG. Amused by Vayner's apparent puffery, an unknown member of UBS staff emailed his application materials to other investment banks. The video was posted on various blogs, then YouTube, where it became an immense viral Internet phenomenon.
Chris Jordan was educated at Dulwich College through a sporting scholarship from his native Barbados and he made his 1st XI debut for Surrey versus Middlesex at Lord's in August 2007. He is regarded to be a right-arm fast-medium bowler of considerable promise and is also a middle-order right-handed batsman.
Hart Hanson (born July 26, 1957 in Burlingame, California ) is an American television writer and producer. Hanson's family moved to Canada when he was a child. He received a B.A. from the University of Toronto and a MFA from the University of British Columbia, where he taught briefly. He is the creator, executive producer, and writer of the TV series Bones.
James Morris was born in Baltimore, where he studied voice with Rosa Ponselle and at the Peabody Conservatory. He also studied at the Academy of Vocal Arts in Philadelphia. He made his debut with the Baltimore opera in 1967 as Crespel in Offenbach's The Tales of Hoffmann. He first appeared at the New York Metropolitan Opera in 1971 as the King in Verdi's Aïda. He went on to establish himself as one of the most versatile male opera singers in the world, performing a repertoire ranging from Mozart through Verdi and Wagner to Benjamin Britten. But of all the parts he has sung, Wotan remains his signature role. Indeed, he was considered one of the best two or three Wotans in the world during his heyday. On his 61st birthday, in January 2008, he reprised that role in a production of Die Walküre at New York's Metropolitan Opera, the theatre with which he is most closely associated. In 2009, alongside Deborah Voigt, he played Scarpia in Puccini's Tosca.
In 2006 mayoral elections, 29-year-old Eduardo Garcia became the city's youngest mayor ever. Garcia was a lifelong Coachella resident and a 1995 graduate of Coachella Valley High School. He attended the College of the Desert in Palm Desert, California.
Garba Mohammed was born on 13 April 1949 in Zaria, Kaduna State. He studied at the Nigerian Defence Academy, Kaduna, at Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria and at the Engineers' School, Fort Belvoir, USA. He qualified as a quantity surveyor. Lt. Col. G.A. Mohammed was Military Administrator of Niger State in Nigeria from 1986 to December 1987 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida.
Phillips was born in Boston, Massachusetts on November 29, 1811, to Sarah Walley and John Phillips, a successful lawyer, politician, and philanthropist. Phillips was schooled at Boston Latin School, and graduated from Harvard University in 1831. He went on to attend Harvard Law School, from which he graduated in 1833. In 1834, Phillips was admitted to the Massachusetts state bar, and in the same year, he opened a law practice in Boston. His professor of oratory was Edward T. Channing, a critic of flowery speakers such as Daniel Webster. Channing emphasized the value of plain speaking, a philosophy which Phillips took to heart.
Antara Dev Sen was born on September 21, 1963 in Cambridge, England, the first daughter of Nobel Prize winning economist Amartya Sen and novelist Nabaneeta Dev Sen. Antara did her schooling in Calcutta and higher education in Delhi, India. Sen also studied at Smith College in Massachusetts, United States and at Harvard University. She then joined the Hindustan Times. As a senior editor of the Hindustan Times, she went to Oxford University on a fellowship from the Reuters Foundation.
Arinn Dembo, born , is an American author currently living and writing in British Columbia, Canada. Dembo is best known for her work with Vancouver-based Kerberos Productions, where she is Lead Writer and has worked on the background fiction for the Sword of the Stars series and Fort Zombie. She attended the Clarion West Writers Workshop in 1990 and holds a bachelor's degree in Anthropology with a minor in Classical Civilizations from the University of Tennessee.
Kate Charles was born Carol Fosher in Cincinnati. Her family moved to Bloomington, Illinois when she was 10. She graduated from Bloomington High School and went on to Illinois State University where she graduated with a degree in library science in 1972. She then went on to earn an MA from the Indiana University. She married Rory Chase and lives in Ludlow, Shropshire, UK. She has been Chair of the Crime Writers' Association and the Barbara Pym Society. In 1996 she underwent open-heart surgery. She was elected to membership in the Detection Club in 2010.
Michael Bleekemolen (born 2 October 1949 in Amsterdam, the Netherlands) is a former racing driver who raced for the RAM and ATS teams in Formula One. He graduated from Formula Vee and tried his hand at Formula One in 1977, where he failed to qualify at his home grand prix. Nevertheless, he returned the following year and drove for four races, qualifying only once.
Claudio Bellini is the son of the world renowned Italian designer and architect Mario Bellini. Since he was very young he was evolving in his father work where he found himself fascinated from the creative world. In 1990 he graduated from the Politecnico di Milano where he attended the Faculty of Architecture and Industrial Design. Immediately after his studies, he started to work very close with his father in Mario Bellini Associates where he embarked on a series of international experiences, taking part in research projects in the fields of industrial, architecture and furniture design. In 1998 Claudio Bellini introduces a completely new vision in the contemporary office landscape with his revolutionary design TW collection for Frezza. His expertise in office furniture as well as his collaboration with well known international companies (Steelcase, Vitra, Haworth, Tecno, etc.) make him on of the most influential designers today.
David Hammond is a director and acting teacher in the American theatre. He trained for the theatre at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts and received his M.F.A. from the Carnegie Mellon University Drama Department. He did his undergraduate studies at Harvard University and graduated Magna Cum Laude with a concentration in Elizabethan literature. He has taught at the Juilliard School, the American Conservatory Theater, and the Yale School of Drama and later became the artistic director of the PlayMakers Repertory Company for 14 years.
Joseph Macleod was the son of Scottish parents, and was educated at Rugby School and Balliol College, Oxford. He passed his Bar examinations, though never practiced as a barrister, preferring a career as an actor, and also had aspirations as a poet. At Rugby School he was close friends with Adrian Stokes, and at Oxford he became close friends with Graham Greene.
Anne N. Foreman was educated at the University of Southern California, receiving a B.A. in History and French, and an M.A. in History. She also later obtained a J.D. from the Washington College of Law.
Born in Dublin in 1969, Jonathan Philbin Bowman, the son of the historian and broadcaster John Bowman, was educated at Sandford Park School and at Newpark Comprehensive School in Dublin. He chose to leave formal education in his early teens, a decision he announced to the nation on RTÉ's flagship talk programme The Late Late Show.
Richard Mammone attended the City College of New York where he earned a B.E.E.E and M.E.E.E in Electrical and Computer Engineering in 1975 and 1977, respectively. He earned a Ph. D. from the City University of New York in 1981. He has been a professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Rutgers University since 1982, later earning a joint appointment as a Rutgers Business School professor, and was awarded the Henry Rutgers Faculty Fellowship in 1985, 1986, and 1987. Mammone was also a recipient of the Samuel Rudin Scholarship of Society of American Military Engineers. His academic interests lie in signal processing and computational pattern recognition. Over the last 20 years, Dr. Mammone has published over 140 journal and conference papers in the areas of Neural Networks and Signal Processing. He has also published four books as well as numerous invited papers and talks on these topics. He is a founding member of the IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.) on Neural Networks and was Associate Editor of the IEEE Transactions on Neural Networks. He is a Senior Member of the IEEE and has been a consultant to numerous government agencies and corporations over the years.
James W. Rutherford was born on April 23, 1925 to Harry and Isabelle. Harry was a Buick worker. His family lived on the east side of the city and he eventually attended Flint Central High School. From 1945 to 1947, he served in the U.S. Navy. He marries Dorothy Petyak in 1947. With Dorothy, they have four children, 2 of each.
Major Dodge, a graduate of New Albany High School in New Albany, Indiana, has appeared in Off-Broadway productions of Rebel Without A Cause, The Awesome 80s Prom, and most recently the world premiere of Count Down by Dominique Cieri. Off-Off Broadway productions; Angry Young Women in Low-Rise Jeans with High-Class Issues, and Burn This which he also produced.
Harold Arceneaux (born April 1, 1977 in New Orleans, Louisiana) is an American professional basketball player who gained national attention during his collegiate career at Weber State University (1998--2000). His nickname is ``The Show''. He currently plays for Lechugueros De Leon in Leon, Guanajuato, Mexico.
Born in 1832 in Glasgow, the son of Reverend George Almond, he showed great academic promise at Glasgow College. He went on to Glasgow University and from there was elected to an Exhibition at Balliol College, Oxford, where he was a Snell Exhibitioner.
Wall grew up in Concord, North Carolina. Her father, Robert, was a hospital administrator and her mother, Trilby, was a homemaker. She was raised as a Southern Baptist. Wall graduated in 1980 with a B.A., summa cum laude, from Meredith College. She received a Juris Doctor from Harvard Law School in 1984.
Mun Charn Wong was born in Honolulu, Hawaii on January 24, 1918. He was raised on the island of Oahu along with four brothers and two sisters. Wong attended Ka'ahumanu Elementary School and Washington Intermediate School, and graduated from McKinley High School in 1936. He studied chemistry at the University of Hawaii and was a member of the university chapter of the ROTC and the Hawaii National Guard. Wong graduated from UH in 1940 with a Bachelor of Science degree.
Gordon Woodbury was born in New York City in 1863 and raised in Bedford, New Hampshire. He was educated at Harvard University and then returned to New Hampshire to pursue a career in politics. At one point, he was editor of the Manchester Union, the leading Democratic paper in New Hampshire. He was repeatedly elected to the New Hampshire General Court, but failed in his 1916 bid to become the member of the United States House of Representatives for New Hampshire's 1st congressional district, losing to Republican Cyrus A. Sulloway.
William Harper (born 1949) is a Chicago photographer and composer. His photography is concerned with natural form and line and his music is theatrical, technology-based work sourced from liturgical and folk traditions. Harper first earned critical acclaim for his work defining a Chicago style of new music theater and opera as the creator and producer of many full-length original works for the American Ritual Theater Company (ARTCO). Concurrent with these projects, and subsequently, Harper's opera, music theater, dance, orchestra, chorus, and electro-acoustic works have been commissioned and performed by companies including The Minnesota Opera Company, The New Music Theater Ensemble of Minneapolis, INTAR Hispanic American Cultural Center, The Goodman Theater, Hartford Stage and The Music Theatre Group. Harper's recently completed Unquiet Myths, a suite of electro-acoustic pieces was commissioned by The Ellen Sinopoli Dance Company for Spill Out! , which premiered in 2006 and is scheduled to begin a national tour this year. William Harper received a PhD in music composition from the Eastman School of Music, and has received support from many foundations including the National Institute for Music Theater, the Djerassi Foundation, the Yaddo Foundation, the National Endowment for the Arts, the Illinois and New York State Arts Councils and The MacArthur Foundation.
Lai Yee Hing graduated with a B.Sc from the former Nanyang University (now National University of Singapore) in 1976 and received his PhD from the University of Victoria in 1980. Following that he spent 2 years in University of California Berkeley as a post-doctoral fellow, working with Peter Vollhardt. His research interests include novel aromatic compounds, conjugated organic materials and macrocycles.
The Masters Series or simply Masters were single-elimination tournaments open to the most accomplished players only. These tournaments awarded cash prizes upon entrance and were held at several each season. The first predecessor to the Masters Series, named Team Challenge, was held at the 2000 Pro Tour New York. In the following seasons Masters were held at four different Pro Tours each season. The last Masters was held at Pro Tour Yokohama. Ben Rubin was the most successful player at the Masters Series, being the only player to win two events.
Dominick L. DiCarlo was born in Brooklyn on March 11, 1928 and raised in the Bay Ridge neighborhood. He was educated at St. John's College, receiving a B.A. in 1950. He then attended the St. John's University School of Law, graduating with an LL.B. in 1953. He was admitted to the bar of New York in 1954. He completed his education at the New York University School of Law, receiving an LL.M. in 1957.
Tom Murphy is a Professor of Physics at the University of California, San Diego. He is the project investigator for the Apache Point Observatory Lunar Laser-ranging Operation Project. Professor Murphy completed his Ph.D in Astrophysics at the California Institute of Technology after which he completed a postdoc at the University of Washington - Seattle before becoming a professor at the University of California, San Diego. In 2010 his group was responsible for locating the former Soviet Union's Lunokhod 1 rover.
Talking about the future, Matt's next major aim is to make it into the squad for this years world championships, as well as continuing with his studies at Wales High School, where he is studying A levels.
John T. Howe received his B.S. from the University of Michigan in 1950 and his M.S. in 1956 and the degree of Engineer in 1958 from Stanford University, all in engineering mechanics.
Juninho signed his first contract with Grêmio in June 2003. He renewed his contract on 1 January 2006. He also played for the under-20 team at 2006 Copa FGF, a state-wise senior event. In January 2007, he was loaned to Esporte Clube Guarani of Venâncio Aires. The team finished as the 8th of Group B of 2007 Campeonato Gaúcho and relegated. The club had two grest defeat that season, losing to Grêmio and São José (PA) in 0--4. In April he returned to the youth team of Grêmio and played in 2007 Copa FGF. In January 2008 he was loaned to Esportivo and in June left for Metropolitano. and played in 2008 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. In August he returned to Rio Grande do Sul, signed a contract with Ulbra for 2008 Copa FGF. In January 2009 he was re-signed by Esportivo. He then released by Grêmio and left for amateur side Canoas .
David Leckie was educated at Newington College (1962-1968) and is an Economics graduate of Macquarie University. Prior to his appointment by Kerry Stokes to Seven, he was associated with the Nine Network for 23 years. Having joined GTV-9 (Melbourne) as a sales executive, he was promoted to National Sales Manager, then Nine Network Sales Director in 1982 at TCN-9 (Sydney). In August 1990 he became Managing Director of the Nine Network and in 1994 was appointed Chief Executive Officer. In 2001 he was appointed a Trustee of the Centennial Park and Moore Park Trust.
Another 1963 Western graduate, George Saldana, was named to the 1963 National Interscholastic Swimming Coaches Association (NISCA) All-America team, in the 400-yard freestyle event. Todd Cruz (1955--2008) was a 1973 Western graduate who played six seasons of Major League Baseball. In 1982, Cruz hit 16 home runs and drove in 57 runs for the Seattle Mariners. One year later, as a member of the Baltimore Orioles, Cruz took part in the 1983 World Series. Ron Simpkins (1976) is an All-American graduate of Western High School. Upon graduation, Ron enrolled at the University of Michigan to play football for coach Bo Schembechler. While attending Michigan, Simpkins was an All-American and won the team's John Maulbetsch Award in 1977 and the MVP award in 1979, graduating as the school's all time leading tackler, a record that would stand for 12 seasons. Upon graduation from the university, Simpkins entered the NFL draft and was selected by the Cincinnati Bengals in the 7th round (167 overall). Ron played in Super Bowl XVI at the Pontiac Silverdome, losing to Joe Montana and the San Francisco 49ers. Ron had played six seasons in the NFL before taking a year off in 1988. Simpkins signed with the Green Bay Packers in1989,retiring after only one season. In1990, he returned to Western to coach football and in 2007 he retired with a ton of respect from the community and his peers. During that time he also worked with and currently still does work for Wayne State University.
Anthony May (born 23 May 1946, Reigate, Surrey) is a British stage, television and film actor. He attended Ottershaw School, Surrey. May trained at R.A.D.A. from 1965 to 1967.
Alaina Johnson was born in Tyler, Texas on October 2, 1990. Her parents are Beverly and Randy Johnson and has an older brother, Chris and an older sister, Bethany. Though her older siblings are soccer players, her parents wanted some variety in their sports, so they enrolled her in gymnastics. Alaina started her gymnastics career in 1997 at Texas East Gymnastics located in Tyler, Texas with coaches Martin and Stacy Parsley. Johnson's favorite event is the uneven bars. She graduated from Robert E. Lee High School in 2010. She currently attends and competes for University of Florida with a major in Social and Behavioral Sciences.
Georg Ossian Sars was born on April 20, 1837, in Kinn, Norway (now part of Flora), the son of Michael Sars and Maren Sars; the historian Ernst Sars was his elder brother, and the singer Eva Nansen was his younger sister. He grew up in Manger, Hordaland, where his father was the local priest. He studied from 1852 to 1854 at Bergen Cathedral School, from 1854 at Christiania Cathedral School, and joined the university at Christiana (now the University of Oslo) in 1857. He indulged his interest in natural history while studying medicine; having collected water fleas in local lakes with Wilhelm Lilljeborg's works, he discovered new species, and this resulted in his first scientific publication. Georg Ossian Sars had a good memory and excellent drawing skills, and illustrated some of his father's zoological works.
Reilly's wife Mary graduated from the University of Michigan and is currently an elementary teacher. Together they have four children: Katie, Ryan, Patrick and Conor. Katie attended Michigan State and now lives in Florida. Ryan attended Albion College, and played baseball for the Britons. Patrick attends Western Michigan, and Conor recently graduated from St. Philip Catholic Central High School, where Mike Reilly graduated in 1968.
Carl von Rokitansky was born in Hradec Králové, Bohemia. He studied at the Charles University in Prague (1821--1824) and attained a doctorate in medicine on 6 March 1828 at the University of Vienna. As a young professor, he recognized that the still little noted discipline of pathological anatomy could be of great service to clinical work in the hospital, because it could offer new diagnostic and therapeutic possibilities to the bed-side physician. With this, after Gerard van Swieten, who was the founder of the first Vienna School, Rokitansky released a veritable scientific ``revolution''. With the establishment of the second Vienna School, a paradigm shift went into effect, led by Rokitansky, Josef Škoda and Ferdinand von Hebra, from the notion of medicine as a nature-philosophical subject, to the more modern, scientifically-oriented medicine. In this way associated with the specialization of the medicine and with the development of new disciplines, the Vienna School achieved worldwide reputation.
Claes Berglund is a Swedish ski-orienteering competitor and world champion. He received a gold medal in the classic distance at the World Ski Orienteering Championships in Batak in 1986.
Frank Morse was born and raised in Lebanon, Oregon. He graduated from Lebanon High School in 1961, and went on to earn degrees from Oregon State University and Northwest Christian College. He and his wife, Linda, who he married in 1965, have lived in Albany since 1972. They have two children and six grandchildren. The have attended First Christian Church for over 30 years. Frank has chaired the church's board and has served as an elder.
Eric Jolliffe was born in England in 1907, migrating to Australia in 1911 with his family. He attended East Sydney Technical College (now the National Art School) but was largely self taught.
Samson Kambalu was born in Malawi, where he attended Kamuzu Academy, the so-called ''Eton of Africa``. He graduated from the University of Malawi's Chancellor College, Zomba in 1999, and completed his MA in Fine Art at Nottingham Trent University in 2003.
Alexander De Croo is the son of former Belgian minister and president of the Chamber of Representatives Herman De Croo. In 1998, he graduated in Business Engineering at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel. He attended Northwestern University in Chicago in 2002 to complete an MBA at the Kellogg School of Management.
Saatchi married his first wife Doris Lockhart in 1973 - they had first met in 1965 when she was a copy group head above him at Benton & Bowles. She was a native of Memphis, Tennessee and Goldman describes her as ``a sophisticated woman who spoke several languages, knew a great deal about art and wine and who had graduated from Smith College and the Sorbonne''. She became known during their marriage as an art and design journalist, with particular knowledge of minimalism. They lived together from 1967, married in 1973 and divorced in 1990.
Shelly Chaiken is a social psychologist. She first received her BS from the University of Maryland, College Park in 1971 for mathematics. She later earned her MS (in 1975) and her PhD (in 1978) at the University of Massachusetts Amherst in social psychology. She was a professor of psychology at New York University, but is now retired.
The developer and main researcher of the HSM was Dr. Shelly Chaiken, a now-retired social psychologist. She first received her BS from the University of Maryland, College Park in 1971 for mathematics. She later earned her MS (in 1975) and her PhD (in 1978) at the University of Massachusetts Amherst in social psychology. In her last position before retiring, Chaiken worked as a professor of psychology at New York University.
Mike Stark is an American reporter, blogger, political activist, and graduate of the University of Virginia School of Law. His work often appears at StarkReports.com, The Huffington Post, Daily Kos and several other group-blogs. He was a panelist at the 2006 and 2007 Yearly Kos conventions.
Roque Estrada Reynoso. Lawyer, journalist, writer. Born in Moyahua, Zacatecas on August 16, 1883. His parents were Camilo Estrada Reynoso and Micaela. His younger brother was Enrique Estrada. He organized workers in a socialist party in Guadalajara in 1904. He completed his law degree at the University of Guadalajara in 1906. He participated in the presidential campaign of Francisco I. Madero in 1909, as a Member of the Anti-Reelectionist Center. He was jailed with Francisco I. Madero in San Luis Potosí, in 1909. Later, he became the provisional Secretary to Francisco I. Madero in 1910, when he returned to Mexico. He was also the Private Secretary to Venustiano Carranza in 1914. He was appointed the Commanding Officer of the 2nd Cavalry Brigade, Western Division from 1914 to 1915, and he obtained the rank of Brigadier General. He was Provisional Governor of Aguascalientes in 1915. From 1915 to 1916, he was named Secretary of Justice. He was candidate for president of Mexico against General Álvaro Obregón, in 1920. He was federal deputy from the State of Zacatecas, 1920-22. He joined his brother Enrique Estrada in 1923 in support of the Adolfo de la Huerta rebellion. As a result, he was in exiled to the United States in 1923 and 1927-29. He was the Secretary of Press and Publicity of the CEN of Institutional Revolutionary Party (Spanish: Partido Revolucionario Institucional or PRI), June 19, 1935. In 1942 he was judge and then president of the Supreme Court of Justice of the Nation (Suprema Corte de Justicia de la Nación), in 1952. In 1957 he was honored with the Belisario Domínguez Medal of the Senate (Medalla Belisario Domínguez del Senado de la República), the highest decoration that the Mexican Senate gives to the most eminent citizens. He died in Mexico City on November 27, 1966.
Carley Garner is a graduate of the University of Las Vegas Nevada where she acquired two bachelor's degrees in the fields of Accounting and Finance and was named Magna Cum Laude by the University's school of business. Prior to attending UNLV she graduated from Snow College in central Utah, where she played collegiate softball, with an Associates of Science Degree.
Mthuli ka Shezi (1947 - 1972) was a South African playwright and political activist. He was a student activist when he attended the University of Zululand, and in 1972 he was elected the first vice president of the Black People's Convention. His writing reflected the struggle of recovering African identity in colonial and post-colonial societies, a topic which reflects his involvement in Steve Biko's Black Consciousness Movement as well as the influence of Frantz Fanon.
A native of Detroit, Michigan, John Olumba is a graduate of the University of Michigan with dual concentrations in economics and political science. He earned his law degree from Northern Illinois University College of Law and studied at the University College of London Faculty of Laws as a supplement to the curriculum. After finishing law school in 2007, Olumba worked at a homeless mission, Shelters of Love Inc. and at Starbuck's Coffee before seeking office. Following an unsuccessful bid for the state house in 2008, Olumba worked as a school administrator and unsuccessfully sought a seat on the Detroit City Charter Commission in 2009. In August 2010, Olumba won the states most crowded primary with 16 people seeking office by a 2 to 1 margin over the closest competitor. Olumba was elected in November 2010 in a landslide victory to serve in the 96th legislature of the State of Michigan.
This article is about the American football player and coach. For the soccer coach, see Ray Woodard (soccer coach). Ray Woodard (born August 20, 1961) is a former American football defensive tackle and current head coach at Lamar University. He was hired on May 19, 2008 to resurrect the Lamar Cardinals football program that was discontinued in 1989. Woodard played college football at Kilgore College and Texas, was selected 199th overall in the 1984 NFL Draft. He spent the next five seasons with the San Diego Chargers, Denver Broncos and Kansas City Chiefs. He was a member of the Broncos' 1986 AFC Champion and Super Bowl team.
Abdelgelil Mostafa studied medicine at the Cairo University, and received his doctoral degree in 1966.
Sandra E. Adams is a Rear admiral in the United States Navy. She grew up in Okemos, Michigan and graduated from Michigan State University in 1978. She received her commission in 1981 from Officer Candidate School and subsequently completed the Surface Warfare Officer School Basic course in Newport, Rhode Island.
Edwin William Schultz, (1888--1971), former Head of the Department of Bacteriology and Experimental Pathology, Stanford University Clarence Hickman, inventor and contributor to the design of the bazooka during World War II and magnetic recording after the war, received a BA from Winona College
Paul Axelrod is a Professor in the Faculty of Education at York University, of which he was dean until fall 2008. He has written widely on the history and political economy of schooling and higher education. He received a B.A. in history and political science from York University in 1972, an M.A. in History from the University of Toronto in 1973, and a doctorate in history from York in 1980. Before arriving at York in 1982, he taught at Queen's University.
Caroline Hewins, first female graduate of Trinity College, noted librarian
Byrne grew up in the Portland suburb of Beaverton, Oregon with his parents Eric and Chris Byrne and his sister, Elise Byrne. He started playing the drums regularly at age 12 and later played in local bands The Mercury Tree, Bearcubbin'! and Moses, Smell the Roses. He also participated in marching band throughout high school. During high school at Beaverton High School, where he graduated in 2008, he worked at McDonald's to save money for college.
Lev Timofeev (Russian: Лев Михайлович Тимофеев), (born 1936), is a Russian economist, political commentator and novelist. The son of a high-ranking Russian government official, Timofeev graduated from the Moscow State Institute of International Relations.
Axel John Beck was born in the country village of Timmersdale, Sweden as one of seven children born to Carl Melcher and Anna Helena (Jonson) Back. His father was a member of the Swedish military and the owner and operator of a lime kiln. In March 1906, at the age of 11, Axel John Beck immigrated to the United States arriving in South Dakota in the middle of April, 1906. He became a naturalized citizen of the United States of May 17, 1913. He received an A.B. from Morningside College in 1920. He received a J.D. from the University of Chicago Law School in 1922. During World War I, he was a Second Lieutenant in the U.S. Army. He served in the Field Artillery at Camp Zachary Taylor, Kentucky, where it appears he was a junior officer of the 4th Company Convalescent Center.
The Rev. Dr. Charlene M. Proctor is a 1977 graduate of Rogers Senior High School in Michigan City, Indiana; she received a B.A. in Telecommunications from Indiana University and went on to examine design, architecture, and urban planning. Interested in environmental research, raising environmental consciousness and systems philosophy, she went on to study the BASF Nylon 6 fiber repolymerization technology and the recovery of the future solid municipal waste stream. For her original research, academic study, and educational contributions, she earned an M.A. from Wayne State University in Detroit Michigan (1994), and later, an M.S. from The University of Michigan (1997) and a Ph.D. from the University of Michigan (2000) for her work in experiential learning environments.
Mohammed Sani Sami was born in Zuru in Kebbi State. He joined the army on 10 December 1962, and attended training courses with Ibrahim Babangida. He attended the Mons Officer Cadet School, Aldershot (United Kingdom), and was commissioned on July 25, 1963. General Murtala Muhammed, head of state from July 1975 to February 1976, appointed Lieutenant Colonel Sani Sami commander of the Brigade of Guards.
Fiona Gubelmann was born in Santa Monica, California. She began acting and dancing in preschool, and her mother enrolled her in dance classes as a child. Her first play was at the age of four in a ballet version of The Cabbage Patch Kids. As a child and teenager, she was attended drama camps in the summer, acted in local community theater, and became involved in the drama department at her school, Torrey Pines High School in Del Mar, California. She enrolled at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), where she was a pre-medical major. She successfully auditioned for a play during her freshman year. She found she enjoyed acting so much that she switched her major to theater. During her time as an undergraduate, she volunteered with ArtsBridge, a program for at-risk youth in the Los Angeles area.
He was born at Lowick, Northamptonshire, but was descended from an old Welsh family. One of his ancestors was Colonel John Jones, brother-in-law of Oliver Cromwell. He was educated at Charterhouse School and University College, Oxford. There a taste for music, as well as a similarity of character, led to his close intimacy with George Horne, later bishop of Norwich, whom he induced to study Hutchinsonian doctrines.
In 1929 John Lavery made substantial donations of his work to both The Ulster Museum and the Hugh Lane Municipal Gallery and in the 1930s he returned to Ireland. He received honorary degrees from the University of Dublin and Queen's University of Belfast. He was also made a free man of both Dublin and Belfast. A long-standing member of Glasgow Art Club, Lavery exhibited at the club's annual exhibitions, including its exhibition in 1939 in which his The Lake at Ranelagh was included.
The blonde and blue-eyed Jeremy Callaghan grew up in Perth, Western Australia with his parents, brother and sister. He graduated from Murdoch University with a B.A. in theatre media and communications in 1987. In 1991, he graduated from the Western Australian Academy of Performing Arts (WAAPA), and then moved to Sydney to find work.
Kelly Lamrock was born in Saskatchewan on February 5, 1970. He moved with his family to British Columbia and lived there until his family relocated permanently to Fredericton, New Brunswick when he was eight years old. As a child Lamrock attended school at Garden Creek Elementary School, and Albert Street Middle School. As a teenager Lamrock attended Fredericton High School. While there he competed in the World High School Public Speaking Championship, where he placed second, and was the winner of several national debating competitions.
Tom Johnson is a professional Rugby Union player for Exeter Chiefs in the Aviva Premiership. Tom was educated at Dean Close School, Cheltenham. His position of choice is Flanker or Number eight.
Robert Scheer was born and raised in the Bronx, New York City. His mother Ida Kuran was a Russian Jew, and his father Frederick Scheer was a Protestant native of Germany; both worked in the garment industry. Robert graduated from Morris High School in the Bronx. After graduating from City College of New York with a degree in economics, he studied as a fellow at the Maxwell School of Syracuse University, and then did further economics graduate work at the Center for Chinese Studies at UC Berkeley. Scheer has also been a Poynter fellow at Yale University, and was a fellow in arms control at Stanford, the same post once held by Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.
George Streisinger was born in Budapest, Hungary, on December 27, 1927. In 1937, his family left Budapest for New York to escape Nazi persecution. Streisinger attended New York public schools and graduated from the Bronx High School of Science in 1944. He obtained a B.S. degree from Cornell University in 1950, and a Ph.D. from the University of Illinois in 1953. He completed postdoctoral studies at the California Institute of Technology from 1953 to 1956. He married Lotte Sielman in 1949, and they had two children, Lisa and Cory, born in 1954 and 1955. Streisinger accepted a post at the University of Oregon Institute of Molecular Biology in Eugene in 1960.
Andy Neumann was born in Alpena, Michigan in 1960. He graduated from Alpena High School and attended Alpena Community College, where he received a degree in business management. After college Neumann became a firefighter and certified paramedic with the city of Alpena from 1982 to 1998. He owned a business called Northern Healthcare Management from 1990-1996. He lives in Alpena and Lansing. He has two daughters Kristin and Sarah.
She was born in Mbarara District, in Western Uganda. Her parents are Boniface Byanyima, one-time National Chairman of the Democratic Party in Uganda, and Gertrude Byanyima, a former school teacher, who died in November 2008. Winnie Byanyima attended Mount Saint Mary's College Namagunga, in Buikwe District. She went on to obtain a degree in aeronautical engineering, outside Uganda, becoming the first female Ugandan to become an Aeronautical Engineer.
Ismail Marahimin (23 April 1934 - 26 December 2008) is an Indonesian writer. He was born in Medan, North Sumatra.After graduating with a degree in English from the national teachers' college (IKIP) in Medan in 1964, Marahimin began his career as a teacher of English. In 1969 he left teaching to continue his education at the University of Hawaii at Manoa, obtaining his masters degree in 1971.
Akram Fouad Khater is a professor of history at North Carolina State University. He specializes in the history of the Middle East and Arab relations and studies. Khater received his Ph.D. from the University of California at Berkeley in 1993. He is currently developing an undergraduate and masters program on teaching high school world history.
David A. Collier is a professor of management science at the Fisher College of Business at the Ohio State University in Columbus, Ohio. Collier earned his BA and MBA from the University of Kentucky and his Ph.D. from The Ohio State University.
Newberry was born in Detroit, the son of John Stoughton Newberry (a U.S. Representative from Michigan) and his second wife, Helen P. Handy, the daughter of Truman P. Handy, a well known financier and banker in Cleveland. Newberry attended Michigan Military Academy before graduating from Yale College's Sheffield Scientific School, where he was a member of St. Anthony Hall, in 1885. He became superintendent of construction, paymaster, general freight and passenger agent, and eventually manager of the Detroit, Bay City & Alpena Railway from 1885 to 1887. He was then president and treasurer of the Detroit Steel & Spring Company from 1887 to 1901. In 1902, he helped organize the Packard Motor Car Company. He engaged in various other manufacturing activities, including the Union Trust Company, the Union Elevator Company, and the Michigan State Telephone Company.
He was born in New York City as Irwin Martin Cohn, the second of two children. His father Martin G. Cohn was a film editor and producer at MGM; his mother was Anna Cohn. From age four he was raised in Los Angeles. He graduated from Fairfax High School. He served five years in the U.S. Army during World War II, enlisting in the Signal Corps at Fort MacArthur in San Pedro, California on September 10, 1940. He achieved the rank of sergeant. He would change his name to Quinn Martin (the Quinn came from the pronunciation his friends gave of Cohn, as ``Co-Inn'').
Francis Charig (born November 23, 1960 in Hurst Green, Oxted, England) is the British Chief Executive Officer and founder of Antix Labs and is also a board director of Baillie Gifford Shin Nippon plc, a Japan-focussed investment trust. He was educated at Whitgift School in Croydon and subsequently at the University of Exeter where he read Political Science. He was Head of the Trading Systems Business Unit at the London Stock Exchange, co-founder, Chairman & CEO of Tao Group, Chairman of the Open Contents Platform Association in Tokyo and was a World Economic Forum Technology Pioneer in 2006. His father was the palaeontologist Alan J. Charig.
Stuart MacLeod (born 10 April 1977) from Scottish/English heritage is the guitarist and backup singer of the Australian band Eskimo Joe. He lives in South Fremantle, Western Australia. When he was seven he lived next door to Kavyen Temperley and they have been best friends for years. Temperley and MacLeod both attended John Curtin Senior High School. MacLeod then went onto to study Engineering/Commerce at the University of Western Australia. In 1997 Temperley, who was in a band, Freud's Pillow, started jamming with MacLeod as a side-project. MacLeod having co-written several Freud's Pillow songs. They 'auditioned' a few drummers before settling on Joel Quartermain, who was actually a guitarist Freud's Pillow, but had mentioned he played drums, so he tried out and they concluded he was more musical than any other drummers they had auditioned. They then entered the band, Eskimo Joe, into the Australian National Campus Band Competition. The first heat in August 1997 was Eskimo Joe's first performance, they went on to win the state final and then the national competition, the reward being a chance to play at the Livid Festival together with a recording session in Sydney.
David Wilfrid Peters (born July 3, 1956) is a Business Administration professor at University of Guelph-Humber and a consultant on finance and risk management issues. He was previously a professor at Bishop's University. He received a PhD in Finance from Queen's University in 1991.
Jerome W. Van Gorkom was educated at the University of Illinois at Urbana-- Champaign, receiving a B.S. in 1939. He then attended the University of Illinois College of Law, receiving a J.D. in 1941.
Steve Katz was born in the Bronx, New York City in May 1935. He received his Bachelors degree at Cornell University and his Masters degree at the University of Oregon. He has taught at the University of Maryland Overseas (Italy), Cornell University, the University of Iowa, Brooklyn College, Queens College, City University of New York, and Notre Dame University. In 1978 he became the director of the creative writing program at the University of Colorado at Boulder. Katz has also worked as a miner, a dairy farmer, and a teacher of T'ai chi ch'uan. He received grants from the National Endowment for the Arts in 1976 and 1981.
Born in Polefield, Lancashire, he was the son of Sir Thomas Potter and his wife Esther Bayley, daughter of Thomas Bayley. Potter was educated at Rugby School and then at University College, London. He was the founder and president of the Union and Emancipation Society. In 1865, Potter entered the British House of Commons and sat as Member of Parliament (MP) for Rochdale until 1895. He was a Justice of the Peace for Manchester and Lancashire, and for the latter also Deputy Lieutenant.
Alan Gordon is a Scottish-born Canadian historian (born 1968) and author at the University of Guelph. He studied at the University of Toronto, and at Queen's University, where he completed his PhD under the supervision of Ian McKay. He has taught at a number of universities in Ontario before joining the University of Guelph in 2003. His research has focused on history, historiography, and collective memory, currently working on living history museums. He is active in the Tri-University graduate program, combining MA and PhD studies at the University of Guelph, Wilfrid Laurier University, and the University of Waterloo.
In 1847 he married Letitia George and had four children who survived infancy. Their eldest was Caroline Matilda Still (1848--1919), a pioneer female medical doctor. Caroline attended Oberlin College and the Women's Medical College of Philadelphia (much later the Medical College of Pennsylvania); she was married, first to Edward J. Wyley, and after his death, to the Reverend Matthew Anderson, longtime pastor of the Berean Presbyterian Church in North Philadelphia. She had an extensive private medical practice in Philadelphia and was also a community activist, teacher and leader. William Wilberforce Still (1854--1914) graduated from Lincoln University and subsequently practiced law in Philadelphia; Robert George Still (1861--1900), was a journalist who owned a print shop on Pine at 11th Street in central Philadelphia and Frances Ellen Still (1857--1930) became a kindergarten teacher (she was named after poet Frances Ellen Watkins Harper, who lived with the Stills before her marriage). On the 1900 U.S. Census William Still said he had two children and both were still living.
Come of age he married the daughter of Rabbi Yannai. After he married, he went to study at a Beth midrash all week, and would return home every Sabbath eve, where a pillar of light moving before him. One of these times, he was so attracted by his subject of study that he had forgotten to return home, in order to perform his marital duties, the commandment of onah. When his Father in-law, Rabbi Yannai, heard about it he said he must be dead, since if he were to be alive he would not have neglected the performance of his marital duties. The sages of the Talmud explain that the satement of Rabbi Yannai was ``like an error that proceedeth from the ruler'', namely, The words of a Tzadik must come true even if he didn't intend them to be, and indeed Judah his son-in-law died.
Carl Anthony Payne II (born May 24, 1969 in Trenton, New Jersey) is an American actor. He studied at the Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts, New York and Howard University, Washington DC. He is best known for his roles as Theo Huxtable's best friend Cockroach on The Cosby Show and the dimwitted Cole Brown on Martin.
Abed Chaudhury got his Ph.D. from University of Oregon, USA and did post-doctoral research at NIH (National Institutes of Health) and MIT, of USA, and was a visiting scientist at Ecole Normal Superieure in France.
Drushal published an article in The Journal of Higher Education in 1954 on independent study programs and published another in March 1968 entitled ``Can the Churches Take Their Educational Responsibilities Seriously?'' Drushal received an honorary doctorate from Wittenberg University in Ohio at Wittenberg's 1977 commencement ceremony. He was the president of the Ohio Communication Association from 1950-51 and the Executive Director of the Central States Communication Association from 1950 to 1953. Wooster has honored Drushal by creating the J. Garber Drushal Distinguished Visiting Professor Position. The position was created in 1977 by the Wooster Board of Trustees to attract a visiting professor whose achievements are of high excellence to campus.
Will Brooks was born in central Louisiana of Irish, Cajun, and Choctaw ancestry. Naturally compelled to create art from an early age. Despite growing up in a rural area dominated by primarily industrial interests, Will, encouraged by parents, persisted with his dream of one day becoming an artist all throughout his public education years. He earned a full scholarship to college and pursued a degree in Fine Arts with studies extensively focused on drawing, design, painting, and printmaking. Will graduated cum laude from Louisiana Tech University in 2000.
Bill Dane studied Political Science and Art/Painting at the University of California, Berkeley. He graduated with a BA in 1964, and a MA in Art/Painting in 1968. Dane painted for seven years before discovering photography in 1969. He worked with Diane Arbus and Lee Friedlander at Hampshire College in the summer of 1971.
1923: Protagonist and narrator Charles Ryder, a student at Hertford College, Oxford, is befriended by Lord Sebastian Flyte, the younger son of the aristocratic Lord Marchmain and an undergraduate at Christ Church. Sebastian introduces Charles to his eccentric and aesthetic friends, including the haughty and homosexual Anthony Blanche. Sebastian also takes Charles to his family's palatial home, Brideshead, in Wiltshire where Charles later meets the rest of Sebastian's family, including his sister Julia.
Asha Mevlana is a Boston native and classically trained violinist/violist who is also known for playing rock on an electric 7-string viper violin and alternative styles on her acoustic viola. She grew up learning the Suzuki method and attended the New England Conservatory Preparatory Division and studying with Boston Symphony Orchestra teachers, Michael Zaretsky and Ed Gazouleus. She graduated from Wellesley College with a degree in Viola Performance. After graduating from Wellesley College, she moved to New York City where she began working in Public Relations for Zagat Survey.
Humphrey Forman was the son of Arthur Forman, a master at Repton School and himself a first-class cricketer for Derbyshire County Cricket Club. Humphrey was educated at Shrewsbury School. As a first-class cricketer, he was a lower-order batsman and a left-arm medium-pace bowler. He was quite successful as a bowler in his one first-class match at Cambridge University, taking four Kent wickets for 62 runs, more wickets than any other Cambridge bowler. He played a second match for Cambridge a week later against the Free Foresters; this match was not classed as first-class (though many such fixtures between these teams were in other years), but in any case Forman was not successful. In his solitary match for Somerset later in the same season, he opened the bowling but took only one wicket in the match.
Tom Karen (b. Vienna) is a British industrial designer of Czech origin. He was Managing Director and Chief Designer of Ogle Design from 1962 until 1999. He oversaw design of the Bush Radio TR130 radio, the Raleigh Chopper, the Bond Bug, the Reliant Scimitar GTE, the Anadol A1 (FW5), an award-winning series of truck cabs for Leyland, and the Marble Run. In 2001, Karen received an honorary degree from Loughborough University.
Alex Weisman began acting when he was a baby, as he landed his first acting job as a baby model. As he grew up in Florida, he has had many regional credits there including Madame Melville, The Legacy (New Theatre) and The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, The Witch, and the Wardrobe (Actor's Playhouse). Alex graduated from Northwestern University with a BS in theatre in May 2010. He performed in several shows there including In The Bubble playing the part of Joey, Peter Pan as Michael, Amadeus as Mozart, and others. On April 22, 2009 he began performing as the role of Posner in TimeLine Theatre's production of The History Boys. It ran for six months, and ended on October 18, 2009. The show won every Jeff Award it was nominated for at the 41st Annual Equity Jeff Awards at Skokie's North Shore Center for the Performing Arts in 2009. On November 20, 2009 Weisman began performing as The Ghost of Christmas Past and Stephen in the Goodman Theatre's 31st Annual Production of A Christmas Carol. Alex has performed as Charlie Brown in the musical You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown at the Theatre and Interpretation Center (TIC) at Northwestern University. He most recently played Michael Darling in Lookingglass Theatre production of Peter Pan, and the lead in Goodman Theatre's production of Mary. Currently, Alex is performing as in The Madness of King George III at the Chicago Shakespeare Theater.
Jim Cochran is a pioneering organic strawberry farmer, who was the first person to grow strawberries organically on a commercial scale in California. Cochran was born in Carlsbad, California in 1947. He studied child development and European intellectual history at the University of California, Santa Cruz in the late 1960s, where he became interested in alternative farming methods. Cochran began his commercial farming career growing strawberries using conventional methods, but switched to organic methods after he was nearly poisoned by pesticides and, as a result of this experience, questioned the effect that the chemicals had on his workers. He started Swanton Berry Farm in 1983 near Santa Cruz, California and subsequently developed a wide range of new methods, which include crop rotations, such as broccoli and brussels sprouts, trap crops such as mustard and alfalfa, and the use of natural predators, to control strawberry specific pests and diseases. His mostly intuitively developed methods were later verified scientifically in a series of studies by University of California, Davis plant pathologist Krishna Subbarao and his collaborators. Cochran originally found it difficult to get funding for his experiments from the California Strawberry Commission, stating that ``The industry blockaded our efforts to get money to research alternatives, and spent a lot of money in Washington making sure our proposals didn't get funded.'' Cochran's methods have been credited for making a large-scale commercial organic strawberry industry possible in California. Cochran was also the first, and still one of the few, California organic farmers to have a contract with the United Farm Workers.
A week after Skerry's departure, 2011 recruit Naadir Tharpe, a guard rated 4/5 stars by Rivals.com who had committed in March 2010, decommitted from Providence due to Skerry's departure. The next day, June 3, the team lost another 4-star recruit by Rivals.com from the 2010 class, guard Joe Young. However, the school did not allow Young to be released from his signed National Letter of Intent; his family stated Young ``would never play at Providence.'' Young later enrolled in the University of Houston, where is father, Michael, was the school's Director of Basketball Operations. Due to NCAA regulations, Young sat out his first year at Houston before returning for three seasons of eligibility. - ! colspan=9 Exhibition games - ! colspan=9 Non-conference games - ! colspan=8 Big East regular season - ! colspan=8 Big East Tournament
Menuez was born in Texas. His father moved the family to the south side of Chicago to work for the community organizer, Saul Alinsky. They moved, again, to Long Island where his father continued working as an organizer. His mother counseled conscientious objectors to the Vietnam War. He studied art and photography at the San Francisco Art Institute and San Francisco State University, graduating from SFSU with a bachelor's degree in photojournalism. He worked as a photojournalist from 1979 to the middle of the 1990s. From then, until 2004, he managed his own commercial photography studio in the San Francisco Bay Area. In 2004, he moved to New York with his wife and son. He and his wife reside in New York City.
James Wolfenden was born in Cardington, Pennsylvania. He attended Friends' Central School and Penn Charter Academy in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He was engaged in the manufacture of cotton and woolen goods in Cardington, Pennsylvania.
David Coleman, FAIA is an American architect. David was born in New York and studied fine arts and environmental design at Pratt Institute before taking up architecture at the Rhode Island School of Design. He completed his studies at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts, School of Architecture. In 2011 David was elected to the American Institute of Architects College of Fellows.
Rojhan Beken (born 1974), is a Kurdish musician and singer. His family background is from Mardin. He studied at Trakya University, and established a music band while studying university. For a number of years, he worked with the Turkish musician Haluk Levent, and sang several songs in his albums. Rojhan's first Kurdish album was released under the title Lawo. His second Kurdish album is titled Evîna Azadî. His style makes him distinct among Kurdish musicians, and he has composed most of his songs in the rock style. Rojhan is now living in Istanbul. His most famous song Çaw Bella is the Kurdish translation of Bella Ciao, an Italian partisan song of World War II.
He was born in a wealthy middle class family in Ljubljana, Slovenia, then part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. His younger brothers Ferdo Kozak and Vlado Kozak also became renowned intellectuals and left wing political activists. He studied history and geography at the University of Vienna, but finished his studies only in 1921 at the University of Ljubljana. In 1914, Kozak was arrested by the Austrian police, because of alleged collaboration with the radical pro-Yugoslav nationalist youth organization Preporod, which had ties with the militant Bosnian organization Mlada Bosna, often consdeired to be terrorist. Immediately after release from prison, he was drafted into the Austro-Hungarian Army and fought first on the Eastern Front and then on the Italian Front.
Born in Melbourne, Australia, Pia Miranda is of Italian descent and spent the majority of her early life travelling throughout Australia with her family, attending a large number of schools. After completing her high school certificate, Miranda enrolled at La Trobe University in Melbourne, Victoria, studying Drama, majoring in acting.
Born on 9/24/56 in Wichita Falls, Texas, Melba was an army brat and grew up in Texas, Oklahoma, Germany, Georgia and Yuba City, California. Ms. Toast attended Georgia State University in Atlanta, GA where she majored in Graphic Design. Melba also pursued a career as a fine artist, performance artist and playwright. Melba later moved to Los Angeles, CA where she created and developed her stage persona now known as ``Melba Toast'', recorded with Johnny Legend on ``Trust Me'' Records, put her first band together and developed a variety of shows and events, and produced her first all-original 10 song CD titled ``Consider Me'' (2000) on Lorelei Label (LL1)(including the duet ``Back to Bakersfield'' with Wylie & the Wild West's Wylie Gustafson!) . The CD features Dani-O on lead guitar, Russell Scott on upright bass, Kenny Lord on drums, Marilyn Young on acoustic guitar and Matt Margucci on steel, accordion & coronet, with guest performers Jim Novak & Will Ray.
John G. Price was born in Stark County, Ohio, and graduated from high school in Canton. He became a letter carrier at an early age, and his patrons included William McKinley, later Governor and President. McKinley arranged for Price to be transferred to the postal service in Washington, D.C.. There he attended night school at Georgetown University, and earned a law degree.
Ronald Cramer is a professor at the Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica (CWI) in Amsterdam and the University of Leiden. He obtained his PhD from the University of Amsterdam in 1997. Prior to returning to The Netherlands he was at the University of Aarhus.
Andrew Edlin was born in Manhattan, New York, September 18, 1961 and grew up in the Riverdale section of the Bronx. He graduated from the Horace Mann School in 1979, then continued his education at the University of Vermont where, in 1983, he received his B.A. in English. Edlin founded Andrew Edlin Gallery in 2001, specializing in self-taught/outsider artists.
Dr. Lawrence J. Fogel (March 2, 1928 - February 18, 2007), was a pioneer in evolutionary computation and human factors analysis. He is known as the father of evolutionary programming. Born in Brooklyn, New York, he earned his B.E.E. from New York University in 1948, M.S. from Rutgers University in 1952 and Ph.D. from University of California, Los Angeles in 1964, and died in San Diego, California.
James Stirling was born in Aberdeen, the eldest son of James Stirling (1797/8--1871), a United Presbyterian church minister, and Sarah Hendry Stirling (née Irvine, 1813--1875). He attended Aberdeen Grammar School from 1846 to 1851 and King's College at the University of Aberdeen from 1851, where he graduated MA in 1855, showing an exceptional ability in mathematics. He entered Trinity College at Cambridge University in 1856, was awarded the Sheepshanks exhibition in 1859, and became Senior Wrangler and first Smith's prizeman in 1860.
Ranjani Shettar is an artist born in 1977 in Bangalore, India where she presently lives and works. In 1998, she received her Bachelors in Sculpture and in 2000, Masters in Sculpture from Karnataka Chitrakala Parishath, Bangalore. Shettar creates sculptural installations that combine elements of nature and industry using a range of materials that include, beeswax, sawdust, wood, latex, PVC tubing, silicone rubber, and metal. Ranjani Shettar's work is in the collection of the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art and has been the focus of several solo exhibitions including The Institute of Contemporary Art (ICA) , Boston, MA (2008), The Modern Art Museum , Fort Worth, TX (2008--2009). Shettar's group exhibitions include, Freeing the Line, Marian Goodman Gallery (2006), Zones of Contact, XV Sydney Biennale, Australia (2006), 9th Lyon Biennial, France (2007), and Life on Mars: 55th Carnegie International, Carnegie Museum of Art, Pittsburgh, PA (2008).
Nechama Leibowitz was born to an Orthodox Jewish family in Riga two years after her elder brother, the philosopher Yeshayahu Leibowitz. The family moved to Berlin in 1919. In 1930, Leibowitz received a doctorate from the University of Marburg for her thesis, Techniques in the Translations of German-Jewish Biblical Translations. That same year 1930, she immigrated to Mandate Palestine. She taught at a religious Zionist teachers' seminar for the next twenty-five years. In 1957 she began lecturing at Tel Aviv University, and became a full professor eleven years later. She also gave classes at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and other educational institutions around the country. In addition to her writings, Leibowitz commented on the Torah readings regularly for the Voice of Israel radio station.
Al Naipo has been a general assignment reporter for KTTV Fox 11 in Los Angeles since 1993. He now serves as the station's Orange County Bureau Chief. He has won several local area Emmy awards for his work in broadcasting. Prior to KTTV, he worked as an anchor and reporter from 1992-93 at KMOV-TV, the CBS affiliate in St. Louis. He was a reporter/anchor at the Fox affiliate WSVN-TV in Miami from 1990-91. Naipo was a reporter at KSDK-TV, the NBC station in St. Louis from 1985-90. He also worked as a reporter at the NBC affiliate WEEK-TV (1983-85) in Peoria, IL and at WTOL, where he was the Washington, DC-based correspondent for the CBS station in Toledo, Ohio. Naipo started his career in 1982 as news director, producer and anchor at KSCR-AM, the University of Southern California radio station. He was a news/sports writer for ``The Daily Trojan'', the school newspaper, from 1979-81. He graduated from USC with a B.A. in broadcast journalism and political science he also has an M.S. in journalism from Northwestern University. He has been in the L.A are for a long time
Tom Bodkin is the Design Director at The New York Times. Bodkin, who hails from Great Neck, New York, graduated from John L. Miller Great Neck North High School in 1971. Editor-and-chief of the award winning school newspaper ``Guide Post,'' started at the NYtimes 30 years ago, began his career as an Art Director for The Home Section. His career began at CBS where he worked with Lou Dorfsman.
He taught for two years in Manchester, specialising in music, woodwork and metalwork and then entered Goldsmiths College to study painting and sculpture. Upon returning to teach at Manchester, Charles Bray then moved to Cumberland (Cumbria) in 1955, to teach art at Eden School http://www.school-index.co.uk/urn/128602.php, Carlisle. He married Margaret Ingram, a textile artist (who died in 1995). In 1962, Charles Bray worked at Sunderland Teacher Training College, and then became Head of Ceramic Art at Sunderland College of Art. Charles Bray set up courses on ceramic glazes for teachers, and established a glass degree course at SCA http://www.sunderland.ac.uk/study/course/9/ba_hons_glass_and_ceramics.php. In 1976, he attended the Hot Glass Conference at the Royal College of Art which proved a major watershed in the development of Studio Glass in England. Subsequently, he was instrumental in setting up British Artists in Glass http://www.timeshighereducation.co.uk/story.asp?storyCode=104999&sectioncode=26 (now the Contemporary Glass Society http://www.cgs.org.uk/MEMBERSmoduleASP/showmemberdetails.asp?memberno=188) to promote and support the work of glass artists in the UK.
Daniel Handler is a graduate of Lowell High School in San Francisco and The Basic Eight is supposedly loosely based on his high school experience. Many of the teachers portrayed in the book are thought to be based on (and have very similar names to) Lowell faculty members from Handler's high school years. Some of these teachers continue to work at Lowell. In addition, many of the locations used in the book, such as Lake Merced, are in their unedited forms and actually exist near Lowell High School.
As a teenager James Archer attended Eton College, where he became captain of the Athletics team. He then went to Brasenose College, Oxford, where he and three friends shared a large three-storey house with a Colombian hired help who did the laundry and cleaning and provided breakfast in bed.
He was born in L.A. and spent his early years in Pasadena, but his father chose to return to Texas to raise his family, before finding a passion for Jesus. Teron Beal became the preacher's son, which didn't agree with him at all: ``It's probably one of the reasons I don't like Texas. Too religious. They don't even sell alcohol where I'm from.'' Once he graduated in 1991 from John Tyler High School in Tyler, he left the small town for Los Angeles. There he enrolled into a university to study marketing to please his parents, then journalism.
Alpheus Cutler was a Latter Day Saint leader and contemporary of Joseph Smith, Jr. who converted to Smith's Church of Christ in January 1833, being baptized in western New York by apostle David W. Patten. He attended the School of the Prophets in Kirtland, Ohio, and assisted in the construction of the Kirtland Temple there. In 1838, during the dedication of cornerstones for the (never-built) Far West Temple, Cutler was named by Smith as ``chief architect and master workman of all God's holy houses''. He was later appointed a member of the Nauvoo Temple construction committee, after enduring the explusion of the Latter Day Saints from Missouri. While in Nauvoo, he served on the High Council, and was named to Joseph Smith's Council of Fifty. Prior to Smith's murder in 1844, Cutler was called on a mission to the ``Lamanites'' (as Native Americans were often called by the Saints). However, he had not yet departed when Joseph Smith was assassinated on 27 June at the jail in Carthage, Illinois.
Growing up in Fair Haven, NJ, F. Reid Shippen performed in bands and eventually decided that he wanted to pursue a career in music. He attended Middle Tennessee State University, where he graduated with degrees in Business and Recording Arts & Sciences. While in college, Reid interned at a variety of studios in Nashville, TN, such as Quad Studios and Skylab Studios, quickly transitioning from assisting to engineering. In 1999, he began to concentrate on mixing.
J. Samuel Cook attended Dillard University and Alcorn State University, earning a B.S. in Interdisciplinary Studies and holds a M.A. in Liberal Studies with an emphasis in historical sociology from the University of Toledo. He pursued doctoral work at Southern University in Baton Rouge.
Christian Hedemann was born in 1852 at Flensburg in Schleswig-Holstein which at the time was part of the Kingdom of Denmark. He was the son of Christian August Ferdinand Hedemann, an eminent surgeon in the Danish army, and Caroline Amalie Cloos. After attending primary school in Næstved, he continued his education at Herlufsholm School and graduated with first class honours in mechanical engineering at the Polytechnic College in Copenhagen. After an apprenticeship in a machine shop, he was employed as a designer by Burmeister & Wain in Copenhagen (1874-78). In October 1877, he married Meta Marie Magdalena Nissen.
Kwabena Boahen is a Ghanaian-American professor of bioengineering at Stanford University. He previously taught at the University of Pennsylvania. During his eight years at Penn, he developed a silicon retina that was able to process images in the same manner as a living retina. He confirmed the results by comparing the electrical signals from his silicon retina to the electrical signals produced by a salamander eye while the two retinas were looking at the same image. Boahen earned his bachelors and masters in Electrical and Computer Engineering from Johns Hopkins University and a PhD from Caltech .
Paul Douglas (``Doug'') Tougaw, born July 3, 1969, is the chair of and a professor in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Valparaiso University. He received his B.S. in Electrical Engineering from the Rose-Hulmann Institute of Technology and his M.S. and Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from the University of Notre Dame in 1995. In 2005, Tougaw earned an MBA from Valparaiso University's College of Business Administration. His main area of research interest is in the field of Quantum Cellular Automata (QCA). He was recently awarded the ``Best Regional Paper'' award at the 2007 Conference of the American Society of Engineering Educators. He was also runner-up for the USA National IEEE Young Engineer award.
Matthew Raymond Dillon was born in New Rochelle, New York, to second-generation Irish American parents Mary Ellen, a homemaker, and Paul Dillon, a portrait painter and sales manager for Union Camp, a packing material manufacturer. He was raised in a close-knit Roman Catholic family as the second of six children. Dillon's paternal grandmother was the sister of comic strip artist Alex Raymond. Dillon has one sister and four brothers, one of whom, Kevin Dillon, is also an actor, and appears on the hit TV series Entourage which has earned him several Emmy nominations in the supporting actor comedy category. Dillon grew up in Mamaroneck, New York, and before dropping out in junior year, he attended Mamaroneck High School.
Leigh Marning trained at the National Institute of Circus Arts in Melbourne, Australia from 2001--2003 and was later accepted into the Cirque du Soleil show KÀ in Las Vegas.
Composer of concert music and music for film, pianist, vocalist, recording artist and music educator, Marc Hoffman grew up in Salisbury, North Carolina. After high school, he attended the North Carolina School of the Arts (now the University of North Carolina School of the Arts) and received a degree in composition. http://www.marchoffman.com
Edward S. Herman (born April 7, 1925) is an American economist and media analyst with a specialty in corporate and regulatory issues as well as political economy and the media. He is Professor Emeritus of Finance at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. He also teaches at Annenberg School for Communication at the University of Pennsylvania. He received his Bachelor of Arts from University of Pennsylvania in 1945 and PhD in 1953 from the University of California, Berkeley.
Gibbs was born in Penarth in 1915, the son of shipowner and Wales international rugby player Reggie Gibbs. He was educated at Oundle School in Northamptonshire and was awarded a cadetship to RAF College Cranwell in 1934. At Oundle and Cranwell, Gibbs, like his father, excelled as a sportsman, especially in rugby, tennis and squash. He trained as a pilot and specialised in maritime strike and reconnaissance. On 1 August 1936 he was commissioned into the Royal Air Force as a pilot officer, and was seconded to the Fleet Air Arm for two years. With them he flew Shark and Swordfish planes off aircraft carriers, and he gained his first experience of launching torpedoes from the air. Gibbs was then posted to the Torpedo Training School at Gosport, where he became an instructor in aerial torpedoing.
On February 5, the Rainmen announced Halifax native Les Berry as the new head coach. Berry previously led Acadia University within one win of the national CIS Men's Basketball championship. The team was then bolstered by the signings of guard Tony Bennett who played his college ball at Bradley University and PBL leading scorer A.J. Millien. Although Berry lead the team to a record of 6 wins and 3 losses, the Rainmen failed to qualify for the PBL playoffs.
An Anglophone, Sokomanu was a member of the Vanua'aku Pati during his presidency. He is the uncle of former Prime Minister Barak Sopé. Ati George Sokomanu received his secondary school education at Lelean Memorial School, in Fiji in the 1940s. He served as Secretary-General of the Pacific Community from 1993 to 1996.
Ralph D. Parker (1898-1983) worked in the Canadian mining industry. In 1921, he obtained a B. Sc. degree from the University of California.
Thomas Pelham, 1st Baron Pelham of Laughton Bt (1653--23 February 1712) was a moderate English Whig politician and Member of Parliament for several constituencies. He is best remembered as father of two British prime ministers (Henry Pelham and the Duke of Newcastle) who, between them, served for 18 years as first minister. Pelham was born in Laughton, Sussex, the son of Sir John Pelham, 3rd Baronet and his wife Lucy Sidney (daughter of Robert Sidney, 2nd Earl of Leicester). Pelham was educated at Tonbridge Grammar School and Christ Church, Oxford. He sat for East Grinstead from October 1678 until August 1679. In October 1679 he was returned for Lewes, serving until 1702 (when he was returned for both Lewes and Sussex); he subsequently chose to sit for Sussex, a seat he held until 1705.
Eddy Pettybourne attended Marcellin College Randwick, representing Australia at schoolboy level in 2005.
Mitja Ferenc was born in Ljubljana as the son of the renowned historian and partisan veteran Tone Ferenc. He graduated from modern history at the University of Ljubljana in 1985.
Lucius Bolles, D.D., S.T.D. (September 25, 1779 -- January 5, 1844), sixth child of Rev. David Bolles, was born at Ashford, Connecticut. He was an 1801 graduate of Brown University and a student of theology three years with Dr. Samuel Stillman, of Boston, Massachusetts. He served more than 22 years as pastor of the First Baptist Church of Salem, Massachusetts, and Corresponding Secretary of the Baptist Board of Foreign Missions fourteen years. He was one of the founders of Newton Theological Institution.
Timo Airaksinen (born 25 April 1947, Vaasa, Finland) is Professor of Moral Philosophy, and head of department, at the Department of Social and Moral Philosophy at Helsinki University. By longstanding tradition in the University of Helsinki, the philosophy faculty is divided into two major areas, the practical and the theoretical. He graduated from the University of Turku in 1971 and defended his doctoral dissertation The Hegelianism of Bradley and McTaggart in 1975. He specializes in ethics and social philosophy, ethics of technology, the history of philosophy, and education. He has written on a wide range of topics dealing with these issues, from the thinking of Hobbes to Marquis de Sade. Airaksinen also regularly contributes to public debate in Finland and has had a column in the newspaper Helsingin Sanomat.
Ethel Glenn Hier was born in Madisonville, a neighborhood of Cincinnati, Ohio. She studied at Ohio Wesleyan University and the Cincinnati Conservatory of Music, where she graduated in piano in 1908. She continued her education in 1911 with composition classes, and in 1917 entered the Institute of Musical Art (later Juilliard).
Chris Ewan (born October 6, 1976) is a British crime and mystery writer. He is best known for his ``Good Thief'' series of travelling adventures featuring Charlie Howard, a thief and author of his own crime series. He is published by Simon & Schuster in the UK, and St. Martin's Press in the United States. His first novel The Good Thief's Guide to Amsterdam, 2007 won the Long Barn Books First Novel Award. His first and second novels The Good Thief's Guide to Amsterdam, The Good Thief's Guide to Paris were shortlisted for the Last Laugh Award for best comic crime fiction. He was born in Taunton, Somerset and now lives on the Isle of Man. Ewan studied American Literature at the University of Nottingham. His latest work in the series due 2011 will be The Good Thief's Guide to Venice.
Born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, Walter grew up in a musical family and received early classical training from his mother, a professional piano teacher. In 1934, after a summer job playing piano on the overnight New York to Boston night cruise, he enrolled briefly at New York University but soon accepted an offer to join the Eddie Lane Orchestra on a full-time basis. Four years later, he formed a two-piano team with Gil Bowers and played at Le Ruban Bleu when it opened. Solo engagements followed at upscale bars and supper clubs like the Algonquin, the Blue Angel, and Tony's on West 52nd Street. In the late 1930s and early 1940s, Walter explored other musical surroundings: as pit pianist with the Jerome Kern musical ``Very Warm for May,'' as accompanist for Mabel Mercer and Greta Keller, and as leader of his own orchestra at the night club La Martinique. He briefly ran his own club, Cy Walter's Night Cap, before being called to a fourteen-month stint in the Maritime Service.
In 1886, Laffoon moved to Washington, D.C. to live with his uncle, U.S. Representative Polk Laffoon. There he served as a messenger in the office of Judge C. R. Faulkner, director of the pension office. In September 1887, he enrolled at Columbia Law School (asserted by Vernon Gipson to have been a prior designation for George Washington University Law School). On October 17, 1888, he matriculated to Washington and Lee University, where he earned a law degree in 1890. He returned to Madisonville, was admitted to the bar, and began practicing in the office of Judge William H. Yost. He became active in the Democratic Party and served as a county election officer. In 1892, he was elected city attorney of Madisonville over Ward Headley. In 1894, he ran for the office of county attorney for Hopkins County, but lost to Roy Salmon by seventeen votes.
Larry Smith is an instructor of economics at the University of Waterloo. Throughout his several decades of teaching at the University (winter 1982), he has taught both introductory microeconomics, macroeconomics and entrepreneurship courses.
Vadim Petrov (24 May 1932, Prague, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech composer of Russian descent. Petrov is pianist and composer of classical and popular music. He stems from the family of a Russian emigrant, a family doctor, resident in Žižkov (a Prague district). At first, he attended a Russian high school in Prague discrit Pankrac, during which time he was preparing for his future piano and composition studies at the Music Faculty of the Academy of Performing Arts, taking piano lessons with Berta Kabeláčová and music theory and composition lessons with Miloslav Kabeláč. At the Academy he was Jaroslav Řídký's student from 1952 to 1956. His graduation composition was the symphonic poem The Vítkov Hill (Vítkov). He worked in the Prague Municipal Education Centre where he was in charge of the Folk Entertainment department. In the 1960s he founded the People's Conservatory specialising in dance-music and jazz (now Jaroslav Ježek Conservatory and College), and became its first director.
Emily Tsingou (b. 1968, Athens, Greece) is a private art dealer who lives in London, England. She is the former proprietor of Emily Tsingou Gallery which was open 1998 through 2007. Tsingou attended the Courtauld Institute of Art.
Aletta Norval is a South-African born political theorist. A prominent member of the Essex School of discourse analysis, she is mainly known for her deconstructionist analysis of Apartheid discourse, for her methodological contributions to discourse analysis and for her work on democratic theory. Norval studied political science at the University of Johannesburg (South Africa) and discourse analysis at Essex University. She received MA and PhD degrees from the prestigious ''Ideology and Discourse Analysis`` programme at the University of Essex. Her doctoral thesis, completed under the supervision of Ernesto Laclau, was entitled ''Accounting for Apartheid: Its Emergence, Logic and Crisis``. Following her graduation from doctoral studies, Norval started an academic career at the Department of Government at Essex University, where she is currently Reader. She is also Director of the PhD Programme in Ideology and Discourse Analysis and co-director of the Centre for Theoretical Studies in the Humanities and the Social Sciences, both founded by Ernesto Laclau. Her research interests include discourse analysis and deconstruction, contemporary democratic theory, feminism, South-African politics, ethnicity and the politics of race. She has authored and co-edited many books and has published numerous articles in journals such as: Journal of Political Ideologies; Political Theory; Diacritics; Philosophy and Social Criticism; Constellations; Political Studies; Acta Philosophica; Critical Discourse Studies; British Journal of Political Science.
Varvara P. Mey is a former prima ballerina, ballet instructor and author. Mey was one of the students of the russian ballet dance method founder, Agrippina Vaganova. She graduated from Vaganova in 1929, and then started her dancing career. She danced at the Kirov Ballet in Leningrad, Russia for many years. She taught many of Russian ballet's biggest stars at the Vaganova Academy of Russian Ballet.
The podcast series was created by Guy Clark. with creative input from Hasler and Barber While Clark and Hasler attended Woodstock High School together, they had not been in contact for years until they reconnected at her birthday party in 2006. Clark asked her to host the show shortly afterwards. Barber didn't meet them until after responding to an ad on Craigslist.
He was born in Brescia, the son of merchant, and after studying philosophy there, went on to study law at the University of Bologna, where he graduated in 1807. He preferred teaching to law, however, and after a few years as a lawyer took up an appointment as a professor in the Brescia Ginnasio. For a brief period he was also a professor of history at the principal Liceo in Verona. When his political activities cost him his teaching job in 1821, writing became his main profession. He lived the rest of his life in Brescia, where he married in 1840 and became the father of seven children. Giuseppe Nicolini died in the cholera epidemic that struck the city in 1855.
James Cassidy is an instructor and research assistant in crop science and soil science at Oregon State University in Corvallis, Oregon.
Fredrik Fors began playing clarinet at the age of 10 in the music school of his native town. At 15 he made his debut as soloist in the Clarinet Concerto No. 2 in F minor, Op. 5, by Bernhard Crusell with the Helsingborg Symphony Orchestra. Swedish Television made a much acclaimed documentary about Fors at the time of his debut. By 1990 he had played the Jean Françaix Clarinet Concerto with the Austrian Radio Orchestra. In 1993 he received the Juventus Prize awarded by the Council of Europe and Foundation Claude-Nicolas Ledoux. He pursued further studies on clarinet with Sölve Kingstedt at the Royal College of Music, Stockholm, receiving his Soloist's Diploma in 1996, and later had lessons or master classes with such well-known clarinetists as Karl Leister, Yehuda Gilad, Antony Pay, Richard Stoltzman, and Kalmen Opperman. He became a member of the Oslo Philharmonic under Mariss Jansons in 1995 and is currently (2009) Co-Principal.
Matthias Steiner was born in Vienna, Austria. He hails from Obersulz in Lower Austria, where he attended Volksschule (primary school), then Hauptschule (secondary school). Steiner completed an apprenticeship in plumbing.
Three notable sportsmen have lived within the borders of the village of Lincolnshire. Andrea Jaeger, a professional tennis player known for her successful, albeit brief, career in tennis that saw progress in Wimbledon and the French Open, graduated from Adlai E. Stevenson High School; Matt O'Dwyer, a former NFL football player who played for numerous teams ranging from the New York Jets to the Green Bay Packers, was born in the village of Lincolnshire itself. Robert Berland, an Olympian who won medals at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles and the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, lives in the village.
Ruth Ojadi is a British singer who appeared in BBC's documentary, Tourettes: I Swear I Can Sing. She attended Middlesex University in 2006 but dropped out after two years due to her Tourette syndrome.
Wasserman obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science from the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA). But it was his grandfather, Lew Wasserman, head of MCA, whom he claims to be his greatest teacher. The two would have breakfast together every Saturday and Sunday from the time when Casey was a child to the elder Wasserman's death in 2002. The younger Wasserman was quoted as saying, ``He was my most valuable resource in terms of information. In broad terms he knew what he wanted to do and I followed in his footsteps.'' After graduation from UCLA, Casey Wasserman worked as an investment banker.
Eoin MacWhite (1923--1972) was an Irish diplomat, archaeologist and scholar. He was born in Geneva where his father, Michael MacWhite, was sent as a representative of Dáil Éireann to the League of Nations. He attended University College Dublin from 1940, ultimately earning a PhD in Archaeology. His important contributions to archaeology included work on Irish rock art and the Iberian bronze age. He joined the Irish diplomatic service and rose to the rank of ambassador, representing his country first at that rank in Australia and subsequently the Netherlands. He was killed in a car accident in 1972.
David S. Guzick was born in New York, New York in 1952, and grew up in Brooklyn, New York. He graduated from New York University with a bachelor's degree of arts in math and economics in 1972. He then was admitted to the New York University Medical Scientist Training Program where he received both his doctor of medicine and his doctorate in economics in 1979. In 1982 he completed his residency at Johns Hopkins University in Obstetrics and Gynecology. He was recruited to University of Texas Health Science Center at Dallas (UTHSCD) as a Fellow in Reproductive Endocrinology under Director Paul MacDonald, M.D.
Michael F. Whiting is the director of the Brigham Young University (BYU) DNA Sequencing Center and an associate professor in BYU's Department of Integrative Biology. Whiting received his bachelors degree from BYU and his Ph.D. from Cornell University.
Parker T. Hart was born in Medford, Massachusetts on September 28, 1910. He received a B.A. from Dartmouth College in 1933, an M.A. from Harvard University in 1935, and a diploma from the Institute des Hautes Études Internationales in Geneva in 1936. He attended the Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service in 1936.
Harrowby was born in London, the son of Dudley Ryder, 1st Earl of Harrowby, and Lady Susan (d. 1838), daughter of Granville Leveson-Gower, 1st Marquess of Stafford. He was educated at Christ Church, Oxford.
Her brother Kehinde Aladefa competed in 400 metres hurdles at the 1996 Summer Olympics and won a silver and bronze medal at the All-Africa Games in 1995 and 1999. He graduated from the University of Southern California.
Wendy Playfair is an Australian actress, best known for her role as Minnie Donovan in the television series Prisoner. She was educated at the prestigious Ascham School in Sydney.
Spero Dedes (born 1979) is a Greek-American sportscaster born in Paramus, New Jersey. He is a graduate of Paramus High School and a 2001 graduate of Fordham University in New York.
Wilfrid Prest read history at the University of Melbourne and then studied for his PhD at the University of Oxford. He became a lecturer at the University of Adelaide in 1966. He subsequently spent two years (1969--71) as assistant professor at The Johns Hopkins University, in Baltimore, before returning to the University of Adelaide, where he remained a member of the history department until July 2002. Between 1978 and 1985, he was also chairman of the Board of the Art Gallery of South Australia.
Jimmy Tompkins was born in Margaree Forks, Nova Scotia, a small farming community on Cape Breton Island. From 1888-1895, he attended St. Francis Xavier University in alternate semesters while teaching there to support himself teaching Greek and Mathematics. He attended the Urban College of the Congregatio de Propaganda Fide (Papal Congregation for the Propagation of the Faith) in Rome from 1897 to 1902. On his return, he continued teaching at St. Francis Xavier University and became the vice-rector in 1907.
Rusiate Nayacakalou (1927--1972) was a Fijian social anthropologist who was a graduate of the universities of New Zealand and London. Following his education at Lelean Memorial School, in Nausori, Fiji Nayacakalou joined the Fijian public service where his excellent academic potential was recognised by the Colonial Government and was sent for tertiary education in New Zealand. He completed a B.A Economics (1st Class Honours) and then a B.A Anthropology before completing an M.A in Anthropology (Honours) in 1956. He then went on to the University of London where he became the first South Pacific islander to graduate with a PhD in 1963. His mentor at the University of London was Professor Sir Raymond Firth.
Eileen Beldon was born on 12 September 1901 in Bradford, West Yorkshire to parents Albert Beldon and Bertha Nicholson. She attended Bradford Grammar School and the Hendon School. Beldon died on 3 August 1985.
Donald W. Lemons (born c. 1948) is a Justice of the Supreme Court of Virginia currently completing his first 12-year term. He received both his undergraduate and law degrees from the University of Virginia.
George Cortez (born February 11, 1951 in Port Arthur, Texas) is the current quarterbacks coach for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League. His coaching career began in 1979 where he was the offensive line coach for the Rice Owls of Rice University. In terms of professional football, he has also coached in the Canadian Football League for the Montreal Alouettes/Concordes, Ottawa Rough Riders, Calgary Stampeders, and Saskatchewan Roughriders. He attended Tulane University.
Nate Barlow (born Nathanael Jackson Barlow on July 6, 1975) is an American film director, actor, screenwriter and producer. Born in Middletown, Connecticut, to two musician and teaching parents, he spent two years as a child in Tanzania, where he attended the International School Moshi. He graduated with a Bachelors of Science in Electrical & Computer Engineering from Carnegie Mellon University in 1996, after which he worked as a designer engineer for Symbol Technologies on Long Island before moving to Los Angeles, California, to pursue his filmmaking career.
Mark Nicolson was born in Galesburg, Illinois and grew up in Peoria, Illinois, where he attended Bradley University. He subsequently studied at University of North Texas College of Music and Indiana University, where he studied with bel-canto soprano, Virginia Zeani and bass, Nicola Rossi-Lemeni. He later studied with tenor legends Franco Corelli and James King. In New York, he won the Liederkranz Competition, received a Citation of Excellence from the Birgit Nilsson Prize Competition, won five study grants from the New York Wagner Society, and received a fellowship from Jerome Hines Opera-Music Theatre Institute. He is currently on the voice faculty of New Jersey City University.
He was the son of Sir John North and of Dorothy, daughter and heiress of Sir Valentine Dale. He succeeded his grandfather, Roger North, 2nd Baron North, at the age of nineteen. He was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge, and married in 1599 Frances, daughter of Sir John Brockett of Brockett Hall in Hertfordshire. He travelled in Italy, took part in the campaign of 1602 in the Netherlands, and on his return became a conspicuous figure at court, excelling in athletic exercises as well as in poetry and music, and gaining the friendship of Prince Henry. In 1606, while returning from Eridge to London, he discovered the springs at The Pantiles, Tunbridge Wells, which cured North himself of a complaint and quickly became famous. He also recommended the Epsom springs to the public. He supported and subscribed to the expedition to Guyana made by his brother Roger North (c. 1582 -- c. 1652) in 1619, and when Roger departed without leave Dudley was imprisoned for two days in the Fleet. In 1626 he attached himself to the party of Lord Saye and Sele in the Lords, who were in sympathy with the aims of the Commons; and when the civil war broke out he was on the side of the parliament. In 1641 he was a member of the Lords committee on Religion, and served on the committee to consider Laud's attainder in 1644, finally voting for the ordinance in January 1645. He was placed on the admiralty commission in 1645, and acted as Lord Lieutenant of Cambridgeshire. He was one of the small group of Lords who continued attendance in the House of Peers, and on December 19, 1648, with three others, visited Fairfax, when they cast down their honors at his Excellency's feet and protested their desire not to retain any privileges prejudicial to the public interest. He passed the rest of his life in retirement at Kirtling in Cambridgeshire. He died leaving a daughter and two sons, the elder of which, Sir Dudley, succeeded him as the 4th Baron North.
Charles Abbott, 1st Baron Tenterden PC SL (7 October 1762 -- 4 November 1832), was a British barrister and judge who served as Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench between 1818 and 1832. Born in obscure circumstances to a barber and his wife in Canterbury, Abbott was educated initially at a dame school before moving to The King's School, Canterbury in 1769. He was noted as an excellent student, receiving an exhibition scholarship from the school in March 1781, when he matriculated at Corpus Christi College, Oxford. Here he was elected a fellow, and also served as a tutor to the son of Sir Francis Buller, which first made him consider becoming a barrister. He joined the Middle Temple in 1787, transferring to the Inner Temple in 1793, and was called to the Bar by the Inner Temple in 1796. Abbott was noted as an excellent barrister, earning more than any other during his time at the Bar, despite being considered unimaginitive and a poor speaker. He was offered a position as a Justice of the Court of Common Pleas in 1808, which he turned down; he accepted the same offer in 1816, receiving the customary knighthood and being appointed a Serjeant-at-Law.
Adam Ulatoski (born December 17, 1985) is an American football offensive tackle, most recently for the Houston Texans. He played college football at the University of Texas at Austin and was considered one of the best offensive tackles of his class.
Shane Acker (born 1971, Wheaton, Illinois) is an American film-maker known for directing 9, which is based on his 2005 Academy Award-nominated film, 9. He is a graduate of the University of California, Los Angeles.
For the American diplomat, see Raymond A. Hare. Raymond Lewis Hare (November 21, 1917 -- June 1975) was an American football running back in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins and the Brooklyn Tigers. Hare also played in the All-America Football Conference for the New York Yankees. He attended Gonzaga University.
Boaz Ellis was born on October 15, 1981 in Tzippori, a moshav in Israel. He attended Chaklai Nahalal High School, where he competed in association football (soccer), and in track as a sprinter. In 2003 Ellis enrolled at the Ohio State University, where he majored in finance. He began competing under head coach Vladimir Nazlymov. Ellis won his first 34 bouts, and finished with a 37--1 record. He was twice an Academic All-conference selection in the Big Ten, is a 3-time All-American, and has won three OSU scholar-athlete honors.
Dan Fitzpatrick spent the first eight years of his life in Fairhaven, Massachusetts. After his parents divorced in 1985, his father moved him and his older brother across the state to the village of Shelburne Falls, Massachusetts and attended Buckland Shelburne Regional Elementary School. While initially struggling to fit in as the new kid, Fitzpatrick became an avid fan of the horror industry. Since he spent the majority of his spare time alone at home while his father worked rigorous hours, he was able to spend his after school hours watching scary movies such as Friday the 13th and A Nightmare on Elm Street. It did not take long for him to become fascinated with these types of films. In 1996, he graduated from Mohawk Trail Regional High School in Buckland, Massachusetts. He attended Greenfield Community College the following fall, but decided that college was not the best thing for him at that time. He dropped out in 1997 and entered the work force. After numerous struggles with love and money, Fitzpatrick decided to return to Greenfield Community College and finish his education. In 2005, he received his associate's degree in education. He then attended Keene State College in New Hampshire, where he received a bachelor's degree in social sciences in 2007.
Thomas M. Achenbach (born 1940) is a Professor of Psychiatry, Professor of Psychology and Director of the Center for Children Youth and Families at the University of Vermont. He received his B.A. from Yale University in 1962, and his Ph.D. at the University of Minnesota in 1966. He developed the Child Behavior Checklist (CBCL) a widely-used standardized measure in child psychology for evaluating maladaptive behavioral and emotional problems in preschool subjects aged 2 to 3 or in subjects between the ages of 4 and 18. He is also responsible for the Achenbach System of Empirically Based Assessment (ASEBA).
Bjarni Haukur Thorsson is a well established director in Scandinavia and has since he started out in 1996 directed numerous productions in several countries for both stage and screen. His productions have been nominated for 12 major theatre and television awards in Scandinavia. Mr. Thorsson graduated from the distinguished American Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York City in 1995, having prior attended New York University - Tisch School of the Arts.
Myra M. Hart is a founder of Staples, Inc. She graduated from Cornell University with a B.A. in 1962 and a Harvard M.B.A. 1981. She obtained a DBA from Harvard University in 1995. She was a founding member of Staples, the office superstore. She served as a Professor of Management Practice at Harvard Business School until retiring in 2006. She co-authored four books and developed more than 60 Harvard Business School cases
Pieter van der Merwe is an English writer on aspects of British maritime history, mainly from 1500 to 1914, but which have also included maritime archaeology and medieval shipbuilding. He also writes on the history of Greenwich, marine painting, stage scene-painting and maritime life in art, portraiture, literature and drama. He is a graduate of the University of Manchester and University of Bristol. He joined the staff of the National Maritime Museum in 1974 and is now its General Editor.
Michael Clement received his BBA (magna cum laude) from Baruch College in 1980, his MBA from the University of Chicago in 1988, and his Ph.D. from Stanford University in 1997. Michael is also a KPMG Faculty Fellow in Accounting Education in the Department of Accounting.
Parker was born in London, the son of the businessman (and one-time British Rail chairman) Sir Peter Parker and Jillian, Lady Parker, a writer. He was educated at Fox Primary School, Colet Court and Leighton Park School in Reading. Parker's brother is the film director Oliver Parker. He also has another brother, Alan Parker, who is chairman of Brunswick Group Ltd. Parker is married to actress Anna Patrick. The couple live in London with their daughters Raphaella (born 1998) and Angelica (born 1996).
Michael Tregury was born in the parish of St Wenn in Cornwall. He was educated at the University of Oxford, and was at some time Fellow of Exeter College, Oxford. He was Archdeacon of Barnstaple from 1445 to 1449. He was consecrated in St. Patrick's church and was Archbishop of Dublin from 1450 to 1471
Graves was born in Hope Hull, Alabama, son of David and Mattie Bibb Graves and a descendant of Alabama's first governor William Wyatt Bibb. Graves' father died when he was one year old, and he was reared first by his paternal grandfather on an Alabama farm and then by an uncle in Texas. Bibb attended the University of Alabama, where he was a member of the school's inaugural football team. After graduating with a degree in civil engineering (1893), Graves earned a degree from Yale Law School (1896). Graves was elected to the Alabama legislature and later served as the city attorney in Montgomery.
Alan Shacklock was born in London and began playing guitar as a child, first playing with the band The Juniors with The Rolling Stones' guitarist Mick Taylor and Jethro Tull bassist John Glascock and then with Chris Farlowe's Thunderbirds. He later completed classical guitar and lute studies at the Royal Academy of Music in London, graduating with a master's degree in music.
Jared Faber (also known as J-Radical) is an American musician, composer, producer and multi instrumentalist from Colombian descent. He grew up in New York City where he attended High School of Performing Arts, and later continued his music education at Berklee College of Music, studying jazz arranging and composition.
The film tells of Oliver Barrett IV, who comes from a family of wealthy and well-respected Harvard University graduates. At Radcliffe library, the Harvard student meets and falls in love with Jennifer Cavalleri, a working-class, quick-witted Radcliffe College student. Upon graduation from college, the two decide to marry against the wishes of Oliver's father, who thereupon severs ties with his son.
The novel tells of Oliver Barrett IV, who comes from a family of wealthy and well-respected Harvard University graduates. At Radcliffe library, the Harvard student meets and falls in love with Jennifer Cavalleri, a working-class, quick-witted Radcliffe College student. Upon graduation from college, the two decide to marry against the wishes of Oliver's father, who thereupon severs ties with his son.
Crooks was born in West Flamboro, Ontario, the son of James Crooks. He studied at Upper Canada College and the University of Toronto. During his time in Toronto, he studied law and was called to the bar in 1851. During the early 1860s, he successfully appealed a lower court decision against the Commercial Bank of Canada before the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in England. In 1863, he was named Queen's Counsel. He served as Attorney General from 1871 to 1872 and provincial treasurer from 1872 to 1877. Crooks played a major role in developing the 1876 liquor licence act, also known as the Crooks Act, which attempted to control the sale of alcohol within the province. He also served as the first Minister of Education in Ontario. Near the end of his life, he suffered from problems with his physical and mental health and was forced to retire from public life. He died in Hartford, Connecticut.
Adams attended Harrison High School where he had 15 touchdown receptions and five rushing touchdowns as a junior. He fractured his left arm in an all-star game. He Had 66 catches for 867 yards and 11 touchdowns as a senior, 106 tackles and two interceptions. He received an Honorable Mention Class AAAAA All-State team as a senior and was selected to play in the Cobb County All-Star Senior Bowl. Tommy Tuberville said of his recruit, ``Darvin Adams is an excellent outside receiver. He's got height and speed and should be very good in this offense.''
Ron Cohen is an American television composer and soundtrack writer. He graduated from the California State University, in Northridge.
Stanton died of heart failure at her home in New York City on October 26, 1902, 18 years before women were granted the right to vote in the United States. Survived by six of her seven children and by seven grandchildren, she was interred in Woodlawn Cemetery in the Bronx, New York. Although Elizabeth Cady Stanton had been unable to attend a formal college or university, her daughters did. Margaret Livingston Stanton Lawrence attended Vassar College (1876) and Columbia University (1891), and Harriot Stanton Blatch received both her undergraduate and graduate degrees from Vassar College in 1878 and 1891 respectively.
Marc Spackman born 7th February 1979 in Lincoln, England is a former England and Great Britain Olympic swimmer who qualified for and competed in the Sydney 2000 Olympic Games qualifying from the British Championships (Olympic Trials) in March 2000 and automatically qualifying for the Great Britain Olympic Team. Competing alongside strong competitiors and Olympians Paul Palmer and Jamie Salter (both Olympic finalists in their own right). The team qualified for the Olympic final from the heats in 7:16.98 and placing 5th in 7:12.54 (a new british record and 5th fastest all time) missing out on a medal by 0.2 hundreths of a second. Marc competed for the City of Lincoln Pentaqua from 1983 to 1997 and the University of Bath 1997-2003 both under the Great Britain Olympic team Head Coach, Ian Turner. After ending his swimming career in 2003, he studied Art and Design foundation degree at the City of Bath College and advancing to Nottingham Trent University to study Graphic Design graduating in 2006 with honours
Jan Owen was born Janette Muriel Sincock in Adelaide, South Australia, attending school there and in Melbourne, leaving early to work as a laboratory assistant. During the 60s she studied arts part time at the University of Adelaide,then librarianship, and later travelled extensively in Europe and Asia.
Samuel R. Williamson, Jr. was born in Louisiana on November 10, 1935. He was educated at Tulane University (B.A.) and Harvard University (M.A. and Ph.D.). He taught history as an army officer at West Point from 1963-66, at Harvard University from 1966-1972 where he was Senior Tutor of Kirkland House and assistant to the Dean of the College and at the University of North Carolina Chapel Hill from 1972 to 1988, where he served as Dean of the College and provost of the university. In 1988 he became Vice-Chancellor (President) of Sewanee: The University of the South and retired from that position in 2000. He then taught history at Sewanee until December 2005.
Other ceramic artists exerted an influence through their positions in art schools. William Staite Murray, who was head of the ceramics department of the Royal College of Art, treated his pots as works of art, exhibiting them with titles in galleries. Dora Billington (1890--1968) studied at Hanley School of Art, worked in the pottery industry and was latterly head of pottery at the Central School of Arts and Crafts. She worked in media that Leach did not, e.g. tin-glazed earthenware, and influenced potters such as William Newland, Margaret Hine, Nicholas Vergette and Alan Caiger-Smith. Lucie Rie (1902--1995) came to London in 1938 as a refugee from Austria. She had studied at the Vienna Kunstgewerbeschule and has been regarded as essentially a modernist. Rie experimented and produced new glaze effects. She was a friend of Leach and was greatly impressed by his approach, especially about the ``completeness'' of a pot. The bowls and bottles which she specialised in are finely potted and sometimes brightly coloured. She taught at Camberwell College of Arts from 1960 until 1972. Hans Coper (1920--1981), also a refugee, worked with Rie before moving to a studio in Hertfordshire. His work is non-functional, sculptural and unglazed. He was commissioned to produce large ceramic candlesticks for Coventry Cathedral in the early 1960s. He taught at Camberwell College of Arts from 1960 to 1969, where he influenced Ewen Henderson. He taught at the Royal College of Art from 1966 to 1975, where his students included Elizabeth Fritsch, Alison Britton, Jacqui Poncelet, Carol McNicoll, Geoffrey Swindell, Jill Crowley and Glenys Barton, all of whom produce non-functional work.
Dean Hawkes is a British architect and award-winning academic. Born in 1938 he studied at Manchester School of Architecture and Clare College, University of Cambridge. His career combined practice, teaching and research:
King Yao was born in Taiwan and moved to the United States at the age of 6. He graduated from Stuyvesant High School in New York, NY in 1989. In 1992, he graduated from Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, PA with a B.S. in Economics in three years. From 1992 to 2000, he worked for Susquehanna International Group as a financial derivatives trader. His experiences includes trading equity options on the American Stock Exchange, currency options at the Bank of New York (in partnership with Susquehanna at the time in currency derivatives), crude oil and gasoline options at the New York Mercantile Exchange and CMO (collateralized mortgage obligation) derivatives for Susquehanna's proprietary account.
Albert Chevallier Tayler (1862 in Leytonstone, Essex -- 1925) is an important English artist who specialized in portrait and genre painting, but was also involved in the plein air methods of the Newlyn School. He was a member of the British Royal Academy of Painters, and he studied at Heatherley's School of Art, Royal Academy Schools and with avant gard painters in Paris. He was educated at Bloxham School in Oxfordshire.
Pieter Dirkx first studied painting at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Antwerp before starting film studies at Sint-Lukas Brussels. His first short in film school was ''The Geometry of Beetles``, about a lonely man who considers his framed insects to be his only friends.
Mauro Hamza is the United States national coach for Men's Foil Fencing for the 2012 Olympics in London and was the Egyptian national coach for men's foil for the 2004 Olympics in Athens. He resides in Houston, Texas, and owns the Salle Mauro Fencing Academy in Houston, which is part of the USFA's Gulf Coast division. Hamza is the fencing instructor at Rice University where he is trying to start an NCAA Fencing program. In 2009 Hamza received recognition by Houston mayor Bill White and was given his own holiday in recognition by the mayor, December 26. He is from Egypt and is married to Noura Younis, who was an Egyptian National Champion women's fencer. Together they have two children.
The 2010--11 VMI Keydets basketball team represented the Virginia Military Institute during the 2010-11 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Keydets were coached by Duggar Baucom in his 6th year at VMI, and played their home games at Cameron Hall. It was VMI's 7th season in the Big South Conference, which they have competed in since 2003. VMI finished the year 18--13, 10--8 in the Big South, and lost in the semifinals of the 2011 Big South Conference Men's Basketball Tournament to Coastal Carolina, 89--81. For the fifth straight year, VMI lead the country in points per game and 3-pointers made. - ! colspan=9 Regular Season - ! colspan=9 2011 Big South Conference Men's Basketball Tournament
He was born in 1986 to a farmer's family in Gazipaşa of Antalya Province in southern Turkey. Ahmet Arslan has seven siblings. He completed his primary and secondary education in his hometown. After the high school, he attended Adnan Menderes University in Aydın and graduated 2009 with a degree in physical education and sports.
Enid Mark received a 2006 Fellowship from the Pennsylvania Council on the Arts in recognition for her work in book arts. Among her other honors are a Pew Fellowship in the Arts (2001), and the Leeway Foundation Award for Achievement (2002). In 2004, her book, ``The Elements'' was awarded the 9th Biennial Carl Hertzog Award for Excellence in Book Design from the University of Texas/El Paso.
Mack started his coaching career as junior varsity head coach at McAuley High School - an all-girls high school in Cincinnati, Ohio - in 1993. In 1995, Mack was named head coach of the girl's varsity basketball team at Mount Notre Dame High School in Reading, Ohio, where he received the 1996 coach of the year from the Cincinnati Post. In 1999 he was named Director of Basketball Operations at Xavier, under the late Skip Prosser, whom he followed as an assistant coach to Wake Forest in 2001. In 2004 he returned to Xavier, joining new head coach Sean Miller as his assistant. When Miller moved to the University of Arizona in 2009, Mack was hired as Xavier's head coach. He got off to a fast recruiting start his first summer as coach, landing top-ranked prospects Jordan Latham, Justin Martin, Griffin McKenzie, and Jay Canty for the 2010--11 season. Xavier achieved its first top 25 ranking under Chris Mack on March 1, 2010 when it made its season debut in the Associated Press Poll at #25.
Gregory M. Jones (born May 23, 1961) is an American electric and acoustic bassist. He has been in the New York City area since 1988. Has toured with Ray Anderson, Marc Ribot, Jon Lucien, Chico Hamilton, Ben E. King, Andy Narell, Astrud Gilberto, Savion Glover, Ute Lemper, Eileen Ivers, and many others. Adept in Brazilian, Afro-Cuban, jazz, pop, and funk. He studied at New England Conservatory of Music with Miroslav Vitous, Bob Moses, and Jaki Byard. He was on the faculty of the Bass Collective from 1997-2001.
James Simon grew up in the Stanton Heights neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He won several national awards for his ceramic talents while attending Peabody High School, where he graduated from in 1972. He felt pulled to see the world and immediately hit the road -mostly hitchhiking and freight train jumping around the US and Canada. He learned carpentry and stained glass skills along the way. James hitchhiked east to west many times particularly exploring California, Oregon and the islands off the coast of British Columbia. He then went to Europe and the Middle East visiting Italy, Greece, Turkey, Iran, Pakistan, Afghanistan, and India. He lived in Australia and met the aborigines in Darwin. The aborigine's ways and art had a profound influence on his life and work.
John McDuffie (September 25, 1883 -- November 1, 1950) was born in River Ridge, Alabama in Monroe County on September 25, 1883. He was educated by private tutors. He attended college at Southern University (now Birmingham--Southern College) in Greensboro. He later attended Alabama Polytechnic Institute in Auburn, Alabama, where he in graduated in 1904. McDuffie went to Law School at The University of Alabama and graduated there in 1908. He was admitted to Bar the same year.
Khazei is married to Vanessa Kirsch, a social entrepreneur and graduate of Tufts University who has established several philanthropic organizations, most recently New Profit Inc., a group that provides grants to innovative social projects. The couple live in Brookline, Massachusetts, with their two children, and belong to St. Mary of the Assumption Church in Brookline.
Carolee Schneemann (b. October 12, 1939 in Fox Chase, Pennsylvania) is an American visual artist, known for her discourses on the body, sexuality and gender. She received a B.A. from Bard College and an M.F.A. from the University of Illinois. Her work is primarily characterized by research into visual traditions, taboos, and the body of the individual in relationship to social bodies. Her works have been shown at the Los Angeles Museum of Contemporary Art, the New York Museum of Modern Art, and the London National Film Theatre. Schneemann has taught at several universities, including the California Institute of the Arts, the School of the Art Institute of Chicago, Hunter College, and Rutgers University, where she was the first female art professor hired. Additionally, she has published widely, producing works such as Cézanne, She Was a Great Painter (1976) and More than Meat Joy: Performance Works and Selected Writings (1997).
Jeff Piercy is a retired Canadian football fullback who most recently played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League. Piercy is an alumnus of Evan Hardy Collegiate, in Saskatoon, where he graduated in 2001.
Maffeo Vegio () (1407--1458) was an Italian poet who wrote in Latin; he is regarded by many as the finest Latin poet of the fifteenth-century. Born near Lodi, he studied at the University of Pavia, and went on to write some fifty works of both prose and poetry.
In the 2004-2005 school year, Pullman High School won the State 2A baseball championship as well as the 2A Girls Track and Field Championship. In the following school year the Greyhounds added the 2A State football and volleyball championships as well as another 2A Girls Track and Field Championship to its trophy cabinet. In the 2006-2007 school year girls swim went almost undefeated in their pre district meets. In the 2007-08 school year, Football, Girls Volleyball, Girls Swim, Boys Baseball, Girls Softball, Girls and Boys Track, Girls Basketball, Girls and Boys Tennis, and Boys Swim all participated in their state tournaments. For the 2008-09 year, football finished 5th in state, volleyball finished 4th in state, boys basketball went 8th in state, while the girls finished 5th in state. The Girls Softball team won the league title for the first time ever in the '08-'09 school year. NFL hall of fame quarterback John Elway attended Pullman High for his freshman year (1975-76) after attending Lincoln Middle School. His father Jack was an assistant football coach at Washington State for seven seasons, from 1969 through 1975. When Jack became the head coach at Cal State-Northridge in March 1976, the Elways moved to the San Fernando Valley in southern California. John played his final three years of high school football at Granada Hills High School in Granada Hills, and graduated in 1979. PGA Tour star Kirk Triplett (class of '80) attended Pullman High all four years, and then accepted a golf scholarship to the University of Nevada in Reno, where he graduated in 1985 with a degree in civil engineering. Triplett plans to join the Champions Tour when he becomes eligible in 2012.
Andrew Balfour was educated at the University of St Andrews, where he was mentored by his brother James, and studied philosophy and arithmetic under Thomas Glegg. Graduating with an MA, he moved to London and in 1650 became a pupil to John Wedderburn, the King's physician. He travelled in France, studying in Paris and at the University of Caen, where he gained a degree with a dissertation entitled De Venae Sectione in Dysenteria. Returning to London, he became a governor to John Wilmot, Earl of Rochester, travelling to Italy with him in 1667.
Born in Cardiff, Marquand was educated at Emanuel School, Magdalen College, Oxford, St. Antony's College, Oxford, and at the University of California, Berkeley. His father was Hilary Marquand, also an academic and former Labour MP, and his younger brother was the film maker Richard Marquand.
Marquand was born in Llanishen, Cardiff, the younger brother of the political writer David Marquand and the son of Rachel E. (née Rees) and Hilary Marquand, who was a Labour member of Parliament. Richard Marquand was educated at Emanuel School, the Université d'Aix-Marseille in Marseille, France and King's College, Cambridge.
Nicholas Ostler (born 20 May 1952) is a British scholar and author. Ostler studied at Balliol College, Oxford, where he received degrees in Greek, Latin, philosophy, and economics. He later studied under Noam Chomsky at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he earned his Ph.D. in linguistics and Sanskrit.
He was educated at Reading School under Richard Valpy and at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he was elected fellow. He was appointed Regius Professor of Greek in 1823, and died in Cambridge two years later.
Huw Watkins (born 1976) is a British composer and pianist. Born in South Wales, he studied piano and composition at Chetham's School of Music in Manchester, where he received piano lessons from Peter Lawson. He then went on to read Music at Kings College, Cambridge, where he studied composition with Robin Holloway and Alexander Goehr, and completed an MMus in composition at the Royal College of Music, where he studied with Julian Anderson. Huw Watkins was awarded the Constant and Kit Lambert Junior Fellowship at the Royal College of Music, where he is now a Professor of Composition.
Edmond Privat (17 August 1889 - August 28, 1962) was a Francophone Swiss Esperantist. A historian, university professor, author, journalist and peace activist, he was a graduate of the University of Geneva and a lecturer for the World Peace Foundation. His collective works consist of original dramas, poems, stories, textbooks and books about the Esperanto movement.
John Pawlowski is the head coach of the Auburn Tigers baseball team. He was hired in June 2008 and will coach his first season at Auburn in 2009. Pawlowski was previously the head coach at the College of Charleston. In his first season with the Auburn Tigers, the tigers finished with a 31-25 record, and just 11 wins in SEC play. In 2010, he responded with a 38-17 and 19 SEC win season, making it the most SEC wins an Auburn team has ever had in the regular season.
Angus Cameron (July 4, 1826 March 30, 1897) was a Republican and a member of the United States Senate from Wisconsin from 1875 to 1881, when he did not seek reelection, and again from 1881 to 1885, when he was elected to succeed Matthew H. Carpenter, who died in office; he did not seek reelection in 1885. He was born in Caledonia, New York, and went to public schools and to Genesse-Wesleyan Seminary in Lima, New York, which is now Syracuse University. He graduated from the State and National Law School in Ballston Spa, New York, and went into banking and law in Buffalo, New York.
Lyle Bennett (c. 1903 -- March 24, 2005) was an American football and track coach. He served as the head football coach at Central Michigan University program from 1947 to 1949, compiling a record of 8--15--1. Bennett was also the head track coach at Central Michigan from 1947 to 1970. He attended Central Michigan where he played football and baseball, and ran track. He also coached at Reed City High School, Rockford High School, and Hastings High School in Michigan. The outdoor track at Central Michigan University is named for Bennett.
Ali Alyami was born and raised in Saudi Arabia. In 1967, he emigrated to the United States on an Aramco scholarship. He received an M.A. from California State University, Los Angeles, and a PhD from the Claremont Graduate University.
Fredrik Erixon is a Swedish economist and writer. Erixon was educated at the University of Oxford, London School of Economics and Uppsala University. He is married with two children.
Sarah Roberts was born on December 9, 1974 in St. Clair Shores, Michigan to Helen and Charles Roberts. She attended the University of Iowa for five years, receiving her Bachelor's Degree in 2000. She served as a community outreach coordinator for Clean Water Action of Macomb County from 2003-2005. She worked in the Communications Department of the Michigan State House of Representatives from 2005-2006. Roberts is single and resides in St. Clair Shores.
Fred Barton has a B.A. in Music from Harvard University, where he wrote numerous musical comedies and revues with collaborator Andy Borowitz, including the Hasty Pudding Theatricals's 130th annual production, ``A Thousand Clones.'' Barton has a Master's degree in Film and Television Music from the University of Southern California, where he won the annual Harry Warren Award in that field.
Arne Nordheim (20 June 1931 -- 5 June 2010) was a Norwegian composer who had since 1982 been living in the Norwegian State's honorary residence, Grotten, next to the Royal Palace in Oslo. Nordheim received numerous prizes for his compositions, and was elected an honorary member of the International Society for Contemporary Music in 1997. On 18 August 2006, Arne Nordheim received the honorary doctors degree (doctor honoris causa) at the Norwegian Academy of Music. He died at the age of 78 and was given a State funeral.
O'Brien was the youngest son of Sir Terence O'Brien, Governor of Heligoland and afterwards of Newfoundland. He was educated at Felsted School and the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, from which he was commissioned into the 30th Regiment of Foot (later the East Lancashire Regiment) in May 1878.
John H. Hilldring was born in New Rochelle, New York in 1895. He was of Swedish descent. He was educated at the University of Connecticut, graduating in 1918. He served in the United States Army during World War I, with the rank of First Lieutenant. He saw action in France and was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross.
Frank N. Newman was born in Quincy, Massachusetts on April 20, 1942. He was educated at Harvard College, receiving a B.A. in Economics in 1963.
Amber Rose Kandarian (born July 5, 1982) is an American filmmaker with Armenian roots and founder of Impact International Pictures. Kandarian is a graduate of the University of California, Irvine and was selected to be a video/multimedia artist scholar at Seven Degrees in Laguna Beach. Kandarian was also one of the first ArtsBridge Scholars in the Picturing Peace project. The Picturing Peace program was an ArtsBridge collaboration in which college visual arts majors in one semester programs helped middle school students learn to use digital cameras in order to communicate their feelings and ideas about peace. Shortly after she produced and directed the feature documentary RESPECT THE DOC a feature length documentary about documentary filmmakers and how they can shift the culture. This film had a theatrical release in California and Sydney, Australia. Kandarian also instructed courses on documentary filmmaking at the Sydney Film School.
William Henry Gaunt (born in Bradford, Yorkshire, 13 January 1874 -- 31 October 1951) was an English transport engineer who began his working life developing and building gas-powered trams. He was educated at Manchester Grammar School before joining the Ashbury Company in Manchester as an apprentice. The works at Ashbury supplied the trams for Britain's first gas-powered tramway, the Blackpool, St Annes and Lytham tramway, operated by the British Gas Traction Company. Gaunt transferred to the tramway company in 1896, and then became manager of a similar gas-powered scheme at Trafford Park in 1896. Following the financial collapse of the Gas Traction Company in 1898 Gaunt was appointed manager of Trafford Park's gas and electric tramways, a position he held until 1905, when the operation of the electric line was taken over by the corporations of Manchester and Salford.
William Belton Murrah (1852-1925) was an American Bishop in the Methodist Episcopal Church, South, elected in 1910. Born in Pickensville, Alabama, he was educated at Southern University (now Birmingham-Southern College) in Greensboro, Alabama, and at Centenary College in Jackson, Louisiana. In 1897 Murrah received the LL.D. degree from Wofford College in South Carolina. Prior to his election to the Episcopacy, he served from 1890 till 1910 as the first President of Millsaps College in Jackson, Mississippi. Murrah High School in Jackson and Murrah Hall on the Millsaps campus were both named after William B. Murrah.
Louise Hilma Ballerstedt was born into a German immigrant family on June 15, 1919 at her grandmother's home in Austin, Texas. She attended the University of Texas where she earned her Bachelor's degree summa cum laude in 1939. She married Grier Raggio, who was then a government lawyer, in 1941. During her years of raising three sons she attended Southern Methodist University at night earning her law degree by 1952.
Charles Rembar (March 12, 1915 - October 24, 2000) was an American lawyer who was born in Oceanport, New Jersey and grew up in Long Branch, New Jersey. He graduated from Harvard University with a bachelor's degree in 1935 and received his law degree from Columbia Law School in 1938. He worked for several New Deal agencies after graduating from law school and then served in the United States Army Air Corps during World War II, after which he moved back to the New York area, living in Scarsdale and working in Manhattan.
Hussain was born of an Indian Muslim father, Jawad Hussain (also known as ``Joe''), and mother Patricia. Hussain was educated at Forest School, Walthamstow, and then received a degree in Natural Sciences from the University of Durham. His father and brother, Mehriyar Hussain, have both played first-class cricket, for Tamil Nadu and Worcestershire, respectively.
Nuala Archer (born 1955) is an Irish American poet, author of five books, most recently, Inch Aeons (Les Figues Press, 2006). Her first book, Whale on the Line, won the Patrick Kavanagh Poetry Award in 1980. She has published poems in literary journals and magazines including The American Poetry Review, Mid-American Review and Seneca Review. Until 2011, she was an Associate Professor in the English Department at Cleveland State University. During the 1990s, she briefly served as the director of Cleveland State University Poetry Center. She has taught literature and edited the Midland Review at Oklahoma State University. She has also taught at Yale University and Albertus Magnus College. She has educated at Wheaton College in Illinois (see List of Wheaton College (Illinois) alumni), Trinity College Dublin and the University of Wisconsin. Born in Rochester, New York to Irish parents, her family moved to Canada, Costa Rica, Ecuador and Panama.
Frei was born in Santiago to Eduardo Frei Montalva and María Ruiz-Tagle Jiménez. He received all his schooling at the Luis Campino Institute. He then attended the University of Chile, where he graduated as a Civil Engineer, specializing in hydraulics. After graduation, he followed advanced courses in management in Italy.
The educational values that Frances Buss taught at the North London Collegiate School became the model used by Edith Aitkin, a former pupil, when establishing Pretoria High School for Girls in Pretoria, South Africa in 1902.
Originally from Nepal, Surya Subedi started his education at Tribhuvan University, Kathmandu, Nepal (LLB 1980 and MA 1984). He then moved to the University of Hull (LLM with Distinction 1988) and finally to the University of Oxford (DPhil in Law 1993) . Subedi began his academic career as a Lecturer in Law in 1993 at the University of Hull. After rapid successive promotions he became a Professor of Law in 1999. He moved to the University of Leeds in 2004 to become Professor of International Law, a post he still holds to date.
Claudia Harrison is an English actress. She was educated at Bradfield College and Birmingham University, from where she graduated with a 1st class honours degree. She starred alongside James Nesbitt in Murphy's Law, a BBC Television crime drama, and won the John Barton Prize for Stage Fighting while at RADA. Her film and TV credits include Point of Rescue movie, The IT Crowd (2006), New Tricks (2007), Peter Bogdanovich's The Cat's Meow (2001), where she acted alongside Kirsten Dunst and Eddie Izzard. She has also appeared in Little Britain, Friends and Archangel.
William Merrill Whitman (January 7, 1911 - November 24, 1993) was born in Omaha, Nebraska and graduated from the Nebraska State Teachers College in Wayne, Nebraska in 1930 with an A.B. degree. From 1930 to 1932, Whitman was a history teacher at Chadron High School in Nebraska. In 1932, Whitman attended the Northwestern University School of Law in Chicago, Illinois. He graduated cum laude from the University of Nebraska's College of Law with an L.L.B. degree in 1935. He was admitted to the Nebraska bar that same year.
Karen Gerda Hnatyshyn, CC (née Karen Gerda Nygaard Andreasen) (born in Winnipeg, Manitoba in 1935) was the wife of Ray Hnatyshyn, Governor General of Canada from 1990 to 1995, and served as viceregal consort during Ray Hnatyshyn's term of office. She attended the University of Saskatchewan and graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in Dietetics and Nutrition. After an internship at the Royal Victoria Hospital in Montreal, she worked as a hospital dietician in Saskatoon and Ottawa. She married Hnatyshyn in January 1960. The couple had two sons, John Georg Hnatyshyn and Carl Andrew Nygaard Hnatyshyn.
Jennifer Safavian is a graduate of Saint Louis University. In law school she served as a Managing Editor of the Law Review. From July 1997 until March 2000, she worked for the House Government Reform Committee where, in March 1998, she was named Chief Counsel and later named Deputy Staff Director for the Subcommittee on the Census. During her tenure at the Subcommittee on the Census, Ms. Safavian conducted oversight of the Department of Commerce's census operations and participated in negotiations with the Administration to resolve the dispute surrounding the use of statistical sampling in the 2000 census. Prior to government service, Ms. Safavian was in private law practice at Plunkett & Cooney in Detroit, Michigan and Dombroff & Gilmore in Washington, D.C. http://www.oic-starr.gov/p000306.htm
Edward Piper was the eldest son of the artist John Piper and his wife Myfanwy. He was educated at Lancing College and later studied under Howard Hodgkin at the Bath Academy of Art in Corsham and later at the Slade School in London.
James Peterson is an American writer and teacher of the culinary arts. He holds a degree in chemistry from the University of California at Berkeley.
Bailey Willis was born March 31, 1857, the son of poet and publisher Nathaniel Parker Willis and Cornelia Grinnell Willis. At the age of thirteen he was taken to England and Germany for four years of schooling. and thus acquired fluency in German at a time when many scientific texts were only available in that language. He entered Columbia University and in five years completed his studies with the degrees of mechanical (1878) and civil (1879) engineer.
He was born in Rudăria (today Eftimie Murgu, Caraş-Severin) to Samu Murgu, an officer in the Imperial Army and Cumbria Murgu (née Pungilă). He studied in Old Slavonic at the school of his village, continuing in Caransebeş and then he studied Philosophy at the University of Szeged, graduating in 1827. In 1830, he graduated from the University of Pest and in 1834, he obtained a PhD in Universal Law, from the same university. Murgu joined a dispute with Sava Tököly on the Origin of the Romanians, publishing in Buda, in 1830, a work named Widerlegung (``The Rebuttal'').
Paul J. Morochnik is an American attorney, director, and treasurer. Paul graduated from Hofstra University before earning his J.D. from Emory University School of Law.
Another prominent scientist inspired directly by B. O. Dodge was Esther Lederberg, who worked with him at the New York Botanical Garden as an intern while she was an undergraduate at Hunter College, Lederberg (née Esther Miriam Zimmer) worked with Dodge under three scholarships between 1941 and 1942, conducting research in heterokaryosis in Neurospora tetrasperma. She wrote her Master's thesis on Neurospora crassa and published two papers on Neurospora crassa before beginning her studies of the bacterium Escherichia coli, and her highly influential development of replica plating, the discovery of fertility factor F (inheritable sex change due to viral infection), temperate lambda bacteriophage, and her pioneering work in transduction.
Terry Sweeney's partner is Lanier Laney, a comedy writer who also wrote for SNL in the 1985-1986 season. The couple met at the now-defunct Chaps Bar in New York years after Sweeney graduated from Middlebury College and they have been together ever since. Laney and Sweeney were also writing partners for Saturday Night Live during the 1985-1986 season, the movie Shag, and the Sci-Fi Channel cartoon Tripping The Rift. Currently, the couple reside in Beaufort, South Carolina.
David C. Morrow was an American football player and coach. He served as the head football coach at Washington and Jefferson College (1908--1911, 1919--1920, 1924--1925) and at Bethany College in West Virginia (1929), compiling a career college football record of 49--27--5. He attended Bethany College and graduated from Washington & Jefferson. He was one of the most widely known coaches in the eastern United States. The New York Times called him ``one of the best football coaches in the United States.'' He was known for his skill in developing the line. He spent a total of 20 years at Washington & Jefferson.
He studied at Johns Hopkins University (B.S., 1954) and at the Peabody Conservatory. His instructors included Henry Cowell, Wallingford Riegger, John Verrall, and Vagn Holmboe, the latter at the University of Copenhagen in Denmark for a year. He then studied at the University of Washington, obtaining a M.A. in 1959.
Born in Montreal, Papineau-Couture is the grandson of conductor and composer Guillaume Couture. As a child he studied piano with his mother. He first studied privately in Montreal with Gabriel Cusson before entering the Collège Jean-de-Brébeuf where he received a Bachelor of Arts in 1937. He then attended the New England Conservatory of Music in Boston where he received a Bachelor of Music in 1941. He studied with Nadia Boulanger at the Longy School of Music in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Antonio S. Luchetti (born Antonio S. Otero Luchetti) was born in Ponce, Puerto Rico in 1888. He graduated with a degree in electrical engineering from Cornell University in 1910.
John Acland attended the Dragon School in Oxford, Clifton College, Magdalene College, Cambridge, and the University of Wisconsin.
Susan Dryden Whitson was press secretary to First Lady Laura Bush, the wife of U.S. President George W. Bush. During the attacks of September 11th, she was flying from Washington to Milwaukee with Attorney General John Ashcroft. Prior to working at the White House, she was the Deputy Communications Director of the Bush-Cheney '04 campaign and the spokesperson for the President and Mrs. Bush's twin daughters, Barbara and Jenna Bush. Susan Whitson also worked for the FBI, the US Department of Justice and for Rep. Bob Riley (R-AL), the former governor of Alabama, and Rep. Bill McCollum (R-FL) on Capitol Hill. She was a high school English teacher at Hoover High School in Birmingham, Alabama where she was the ninth grade English teacher of 2005--2006 American Idol winner Taylor Hicks. She attended Auburn University.
Henri Courtine (born 1930) is a French judoka. He received a bronze medal at the 1956 World Judo Championships in Tokyo, shared with Anton Geesink, after losing the semi final to winner Shokichi Natsui. He is three times individual European champion (1952, 1958 and 1959), and four times with the French team (1952, 1954, 1955 and 1956). He served as sports director of the International Judo Federation (IJF) from 1979 to 1987.
May Miller was born in Washington, D.C. to Kelly and Anna May Miller, one of the Millers' five children. Kelly Miller, born shortly after the Emancipation Proclamation, was the first African American student to attend Johns Hopkins University, and later became one of the pioneers of sociology. Miller began writing poetry at an early age, buying a pair of earrings with her first earnings. While attending Dunbar High School Miller studied under the writers Mary P. Burrill and Angelina Weld Grimke. She graduated from Howard University in 1920, where she won an award for her play Within the Shadows. Miller did graduate work in poetry and drama at American University and Columbia University, followed by twenty years teaching English and speech at Frederick Douglass High School, in Baltimore, Maryland. Miller also lectured at Monmouth College, University of Wisconsin-- Milwaukee, and Phillips Exeter Academy.
Abernathy attended Elon University from 1939 to 1941. In 1939, both Abernathy and future Major League Baseball player Ed Sauer attended Elon University. In October 1974, Abernathy was inducted into the Elon University Sports Hall of Fame, recognized because of his contribution as an athlete at the college.
Marvin R. Sambur was educated at the City University of New York, receiving his B.S. in electrical engineering in 1968. He then joined the technical staff of Bell Labs in Murray Hill, New Jersey, while continuing his education and receiving an M.S. in electrical engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1969 and a Ph.D. in electrical engineering from MIT in 1972.
Leslie Thompson (born 1963) was an American cross country skier who competed from 1988 to 1995. Competing in three Winter Olympics, she earned her best finish of eighth in the 4 x 5 km relay at Calgary in 1988 and her best individual finish of 32nd in the 5 km + 10 km combined pursuit at Lillehammer in 1994.
Alessandro Barbero (born April 30, 1959 in Turin) is an Italian historian, novelist and essayist. He attended the University of Turin where he studied literature and Medieval history. He won the 1996 Strega Prize, Italy's most distinguished literary award, for Bella vita e guerre altrui di Mr. Pyle gentiluomo. His second novel, Romanzo russo. Fiutando i futuri supplizi, has been translated into English as The Anonymous Novel. Sensing the Future Torments (Sulaisiadar 'san Rudha: Vagabond Voices, 2010). Its critical success in Italy has been repeated in Britain: Franco Cardini wrote in Il Giornale, ``Barbero uses the diabolic skills of an erudite and professional narrator to seek out massacres of the distant and recent past. The Anonymous Novel concerns the past-that-never-passes (whether Tsarist or Stalinist) and the future that in 1988 was impending and has now arrived''. Allan Massie wrote in The Scotsman, ``''If you have any feeling for Russia or for the art of the novel, then read this one. You will find it an enriching experience,`` and Eric Hobsbawm wrote in The Observer, ''The Anonymous Novel: Sensing the Future Torments, from a new publisher, Vagabond Voices, situated on the Isle of Lewis, is a vivid novel about Russians coping with the transition from communism to capitalism and combines echoes of Bulgakov with elements of a thriller. ``
Stella Inger is the leading morning anchor for KPSP-TV. Born in Russia, Stella grew up in Sherman Oaks, California. She attended the University of Southern California where she was a broadcast journalism major. http://www.atvn.org/index.php/alumni/profile/stella/ Before becoming a journalist, Stella worked as a personal banker. Stella is the leading morning anchor for KPSP-LP (CBS-TV) in Thousand Palms, California. In June 2007, she was nominated for an Emmy, for reporting on Americans who converted to Islam post 9/11. Inger has also made extensive original investigative reports.
Forshaw Day was born in London, England in 1837. He studied architecture and design at the Royal Dublin Society in Dublin, Ireland in 1857. He studied architecture and design at the South Kensington School of Art in London, England. Forshaw Day emigrated to Halifax, Nova Scotia at age 25 in 1862.
Marko Dapcevich was born in Sitka to John and Janice Dapcevich, a nurse and a business man of Montenegrin origin. He attended Sitka School District schools culminating in his graduation from Sitka High School in 1987. From there he attended the University of Oregon and later graduated from Lane Community College in Eugene, Oregon with a degree in automotive technology and attended University of Alaska Southeast in Sitka.
Dodge was born in Putnamville, near Danvers in Massachusetts, to Sylvanus and Julia Theresa Phillips Dodge. From the time of his birth until he was 13 years old, Dodge moved frequently while his father tried various occupations. In 1844, Sylvanus Dodge became postmaster of the South Danvers office and opened a bookstore. While working at a neighboring farm, the 14-year-old Grenville met the owner's son, Frederick W. Lander, and helped him survey a railroad. Lander was to become ``one the ablest surveyors of the exploration of the West,'' according to Charles Edgar Ames in Pioneering the Union Pacific. Lander was impressed with Dodge and encouraged him to go to his alma mater, Norwich University (in Vermont). Dodge prepared for college by attending Durham Academy in New Hampshire.
Caspar Berry was educated at the Royal Grammar School, Newcastle upon Tyne. Berry started his working life as an actor in the first two series of Byker Grove and has enjoyed a varied career before becoming a professional poker player. Having studied economics and anthropology at Cambridge University, he went on to write three feature films for Film Four, Miramax and Columbia Tri-Star. Killing Time starring Craig Fairbrass and was co-written by future filmmaker Neil Marshall & Downtime starring Paul McGann. Both these films was directed by Bharat Nalluri.
In the early and mid-20th century Marshall's traditionally black colleges were thriving intellectual and cultural centers. Three major civil rights leaders, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and later Jesse Jackson attended Bishop College while James L. Farmer Jr. went to Wiley College, and Texas's member of the Harlem Renaissance, Melvin B. Tolson, wrote while teaching at Wiley.
Herbert Kohl attended the Bronx High School of Science and studied philosophy and mathematics at Harvard from 1954-1958. At Harvard he was president of the Signet Society and was elected to Phi Beta Kappa, graduating with an AB degree in 1958. During the 1958-59 academic year he attended University College, Oxford on a Henry Fellowship, and in 1959-60, was rewarded a Woodrow Wilson Fellowship, and studied philosophy at Columbia University.
William Quigley graduated from the Philadelphia College of Art in Pennsylvania in 1984. He also studied abroad at the Tyler School of Art in Italy for one year before enrolling at the University of Pennsylvania in 1984 to study Political Science. In 1985 he entered Columbia University Graduate School of Fine Arts in New York City for his MFA and opened for Andy Warhol at the McNeil Gallery for the Images of a Child's World exhibition.
Carl Chaiet was born in New York City, New York on January 12, 1951. He grew up in Mt. Vernon, NY and attended Mt Vernon schools. He attended Hunter College as an undergraduate, Lehman College for graduate work, and New York University for his doctorate in Aesthetics. He taught art in the New York public school system for many years. During this time, he worked in a variety of mediums throughout the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s, primarily sculpture and painting, before teaming up with his wife, Lynn Kearcher, to create the Earnest and Telford series for which he is best known.
Erik Andersson (born April 21, 1971 in Stockholm, Sweden) is a Swedish architect, and was 2002 Head of Product Design at Beckmans College of Design, Stockholm, Sweden. Andersson first studied architecture at the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm, and was then awarded a scholarship to study at Oxford School of Architecture in Oxford, England before starting studies, in 1999, at Columbia University in New York, followed, in 2004, by further studies at Royal College of Fine Arts in Stockholm. Andersson is the principal of the Erik Andersson Architects, based in Stockholm, Sweden.
Bruno Barnabe was born in London on 3 April 1905. His parents were Louis Vincent Barnabe and Tina Barnabe (née Bendi). He married Avice Landone, who died in 1976. He trained for the stage at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art where he studied mime under Theodore Komisarjevsky. Barnabe served with the British Armed Forces from 1942 through 1946. He died in June 1998.
Alex Katz was born in Brooklyn, New York, as the son of an émigré who had lost a factory he owned in Russia to the Soviet revolution. In 1928 the family moved to St. Albans, Queens. From 1946 to 1949 he studied at The Cooper Union in New York, and from 1949 to 1950 he studied at the Skowhegan School of Painting and Sculpture in Skowhegan, Maine. Skowhegan exposed him to painting from life, which would prove pivotal in his development as a painter and remains a staple of his practices today. Katz explains that Skowhegan's plein air painting gave him ``a reason to devote my life to painting.'' Every year from early June to mid-September, Katz moves from his SoHo loft to a 19th-century clapboard farmhouse in Lincolnville, Maine A summer resident of Lincolnville since 1954, he has developed a close relationship with local Colby College. He met Ada Del Moro, who had studied biology at New York University, at a gallery opening in 1957. In 1960, Katz had his first (and only) son, Vincent Katz.
William Moseley was born in the Cotswolds village of Sheepscombe, Gloucestershire, England. He is the son of Juliette (née Fleming) and Peter Moseley, a cinematographer. Moseley is the eldest of three children: Daisy (born 1989) and Benjamin Moseley (born 1992). Moseley attended Sheepscombe Primary School from September 1991 to July 1998, and then continued his education at Wycliffe College with final year at Downfield Sixth Form, Stroud (which is part of Marling School and its next door neighbour Stroud High School). He had to repeat upper sixth because he had taken so much time off school while filming The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
Polina Raygorodskaya is the founder and president of Polina Fashion LLC. Formerly a top runway model, Raygorodskaya earned a BS degree in Business Administration at Babson College. Her entrepreneurial endeavors have been recognized by Fox Business Channel and Legal Zoom. In 2007, Business Week named her as one of the ``Best 25 Entrepreneurs Under 25''.
Jon Grepstad was born in Skien, Norway. He studied languages and literature at Wesleyan University, Middletown, Connecticut, at the University of Tours, France, and at the University of Bergen, Norway. He also read philosophy. He graduated from the University of Bergen in 1974 and later pursued his studies of English at the University of Oslo.
Born in London, he was the grandson of the Scottish character actor Jean Cadell, the brother of the actress Selina Cadell, and the cousin of the actor Guy Siner. He was educated at Bedales School at Petersfield where his close friends included Gyles Brandreth, who remained a friend until Cadell's death. Cadell trained at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School.
McClean was born on 1 February 1876 the son of Dr. Frank McClean and he was educated at Charterhouse School and the Royal Indian Engineering College at Cooper's Hill. He worked as a civil engineer in the Indian Public Works Department from 1898 to 1902 but left to concentrate on aviation.
Clive Latham Baillieu, 1st Baron Baillieu KBE CMG (24 September 1889 -- 18 June 1967) was an Australian-British rower, businessman and public servant. Baillieu was born in Melbourne, the son of William Baillieu, an Australian politician and financial expert, and his wife Bertha Martha (née Latham). The Baillieu family was of Belgian descent but had earlier lived in England. Baillieu was educated at Melbourne Grammar, and then Trinity College, Melbourne University. He subsequently moved to England where he studied at Magdalen College, Oxford. Baillieu rowed at Oxford and in 1911 was a member of the winning Magdalen College crew in the Grand Challenge Cup at Henley Royal Regatta. In 1913 he was a member of the Oxford crew in the Boat Race.
As a player, Rod Reddy is remembered as one of the St.George Dragon's most famous players from the 1970's. He was a member of premiership winning teams in 1977 and 1979. He ended his playing career at the Illawarra Steelers in 1985. Rod Reddy took on a player-coach role at Barrow in 1987. Barrow earned promotion to Division One but that campaign saw Barrow manage only one league win and suffer a club record 90-0 defeat at Leeds. Reddy was sacked and Denis Jackson took over as a caretaker coach for the rest of 1989/90
Wolfgang Giegerich was born in Wiesbaden, Germany, studied at the University of Würzburg and the University of Göttingen, and obtained his Ph.D. from the University of California at Berkeley. He received a Diploma from the C. G. Jung Institute-- Stuttgart. After many years in private practice in Stuttgart and later in Wörthsee, near Munich, he now lives in Berlin. He has been a regular speaker at the Eranos conferences, and repeatedly taught as visiting professor at Kyoto University, Kyoto, Japan. He was on the faculty at Rutgers University from 1969 to 1972. He has lectured and taught in many countries (Germany, Switzerland, Austria, England, Italy, the USA, Russia, Japan, and Brazil) and before many professional societies. His approximately 200 publications in the field of psychology, in several languages, include fourteen books. As a training analyst and supervisor, he currently writes, teaches, and works on publishing his collected English papers in psychology.
Amelia Milka Sablich, nicknamed Flaming Milka by the media, attended Work People's College in 1928. Some of the notable instructors at Work People's College include Leo Laukki, an IWW organizer; Yrjo Sirola, who later became a prominent Communist Party member and Comintern official; and IWW organizer Fred Thompson.
Khurshid Ahmad attended the University of Karachi, where he graduated with a first class honors Degree in Physics, and then a first class honors Masters in Nuclear Physics in 1969. He then went on to the University of Surrey, where he received a doctorate in Theoretical Nuclear Physics in 1975. He was made a Chartered Engineer by the UK Engineering Council in 1989 and elected to the Fellowship of the British Computer Society in 2004. He was given a personal Chair in Artificial Intelligence at the University of Surrey (UK) in 1999 and was given the Chair of Computer Science (1973) at Trinity College, University of Dublin (Ireland) in 2005.
Maajid Nawaz studied at Newham College of Further Education alongside the British writer Ed Husain. Today he is the Executive Director of Quilliam, a counter-extremism think tank, created by former activists, including Husain, from radical Islamist organisations.
B. Lane MacDonald (born March 3, 1966 in Tulsa, Oklahoma) is a retired ice hockey player. Born in Tulsa as the son of former NHL player Lowell MacDonald, Lane was a prep star at the University School of Milwaukee, and grew up in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Drafted by the Calgary Flames, MacDonald chose to attend Harvard University, where he graduated with four school scoring records (including career goals), and ranking in the top five in 11 different statistical categories; he studied philosophy under the tutelage of Alexander George. He was twice named a first-team All-American. MacDonald took a year off from Harvard in 1987-88 to play member of the United States' 1988 Winter Olympics team in Calgary. MacDonald would return to Harvard as team captain to win the 1989 Hobey Baker Award, given to the top collegiate ice hockey player while at Harvard University, and leading the Crimson to the NCAA Championship. After college he played for HC Lugano is the Swiss League before recurring migraine headaches forced him to retire. He attempted a brief comeback with the 1992 US Hockey team in preparation for Albertville Olympics, but left competitive hockey for good prior to the Winter Games. He then went to Stanford Business School and is now a General Partner in a Boston area private equity firm, where he lives with his wife and three children.
He graduated from Ghent University as a licentiate in law and obtained a Master in Finance from the Vlerick Leuven Gent Management School. He worked for Investco (part of KBC Group) as an investment banker and is a member of the board of the KBC Group, Zenitel, PinguinLutosa, Afinia Plastics, Telenet and Atenor. Frank Donck is also Managing Director of 3D and Ibervest. In 2003, he was appointed Director of the KBC Bank and Insurance Holding Company.
Justin Coussoule (pronounced kuh-soo-lee) was born and raised in Adams, the son of a self-employed carpenter and a small business owner. He graduated in 1993 from Hoosac Valley High School and in 1997 from West Point where he earned a Bachelor of Science degree in American Politics with a Systems Engineering minor. He then served in the U.S. Army as a commissioned officer attaining the rank of captain. He left the U.S. Army in 2002 to attend the University of Maryland School of Law in Baltimore where he received a Juris Doctor (law degree). He was admitted to the Massachusetts Bar and was hired as an associate attorney at a regional law firm where he worked in the litigation department. Coussoule practiced primarily in the state Worker's Compensation system, advocating on behalf of injured workers to secure payment of their compensation and benefits for work-related injuries. He also worked at one time as a purchasing manager at Procter and Gamble.
Glemham was the son of Sir Henry Glemham of Glemham Hall, Suffolk. He was educated at Trinity College, Oxford, where he matriculated on 15 October 1619, aged 16. He graduated B.A. in 1621, and M.A. in 1624. He proceeded B.D. in 1631 and D.D. in 1633.
Donald E. Graves graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Dickinson College in Carlisle, PA in 1953. He was awarded a master's degree from Harvard University in 1955.
In memory of S. Rajaratnam, the then-unnamed newly constructed 7-storey building in Raffles Institution, his alma mater, was christened as the S. Rajaratnam Block.
Andrew Weaver received a bachelor's degree in Architecture from the University of Florida and a Masters in Architecture from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Jonathan L. Foote or Jonathan Lipe Foote is an American architect whose work is associated with the preservation movement in the U.S. Although the term traces back to the 1920s, Foote is primarily linked to the movement's urgent push and wider acceptance following the demolition of New York City's monumental Pennsylvania Station in 1964. F was an early proponent and pioneered current trends of historic renovation, ``regional design,'' and ``historic preservation'' for private and public works throughout rural and urban parts of New England during the 1960s. He is more broadly noted in the American Northwest for a large variety of projects that date back to the 1970s. He is recognized for innovative reuse of indigeonous hand hewn timbers, stone and sensitive siting of buildings in their natural environment. Together in 2006, Buck Brannaman and Jon Foote received honorary doctorate degrees from Montana State University. During a speech, Brannaman, who is the real-life ``Horse Whisperer'' and an inspiration for Redford's movie, publicly credited Foote ``for supporting me when I was young, broke, and nobody cared who I was, and for doing it without motive or gain.'' Foote was acknowledged by MSU for his contributions to the state of Montana in Architecture and Art. The architect was born in London England in 1935, and is the second son of U.S. Col. Ray Palmer Foote and Rosann Lipe Foote Smith. Relatives: Foote is a direct descendant of Elizabeth Deming and Nathaniel Foote, who settled Wethersfield, Connecticut in 1636. Education: Phillips Academy (Andover), Yale Bachelor of Arts 1958, attended Rhode Island School of Design 1959 and received a Bachelor of Architecture and a Masters of Architecture 1964 from The Yale University School of Architecture. Foote was an adjunct professor of Architecture at Yale School of Architecture 1965 and 1966 and at Montana State University 1979-1989. Memberships: American Institute of Architects (AIA). National Cutting Horse Association Hall of Fame.
Gerald Clayton studied classical piano with Linda Buck for eleven years, starting at the age of seven, and jazz piano and composition with Donald Vega, Shelly Berg, Kenny Barron and Billy Childs. He graduated from Los Angeles County High School for the Arts in 2002. At graduation, he was selected by the Music for Youth Foundation as one of four young musicians to receive a scholarship and perform at Steinway Hall. In September, 2002, he received the Shelly Manne Award for emerging young artists from the Los Angeles Jazz Society. In 2006, he received the Bachelor of Arts degree through the Jazz Studies program at USC Thornton School of Music; a program that included his father as senior lecturer. He took second place in the Thelonious Monk Institute of Jazz Piano Competition. In the winter of 2006--2007, Gerald Clayton moved to New York City where he currently resides. Clayton is currently represented by Addeo Music International (AMI). In November 2010, Gerald Clayton was interviewed by Linus Wyrsch on ``The Jazz Hole'' for breakthruradio.com - Gerald Clayton Interview by breakthruradio.com
William J. Sasnett was a graduate of Oglethorpe University in Atlanta, Georgia. He served as a Methodist clergyman. He was a Professor at Oxford College, now known as Emory University. He became the first President of East Alabama Mens College, now known as Auburn University, from 1858 to 1861. He then fought in the American Civil War.
